But there is reason in all things , and in this country the heathenish cult of the motor-car is exceeding all bounds in its demands .
but there is reason in all things , and in this country the heathenish cult of the motor-car is [more than] all bounds in its demands .

From an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) .
from an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as [more than] $10,000,000 ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) .

Spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit .
spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from [more than] the elastic limit .

Subject to the limitations hereinafter provided , the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by Section 8 of this Title , an amount not exceeding the principal of each award , plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to Section 5 of this Title , in accordance with the award .
subject to the limitations hereinafter provided , the secretary of the treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by section 8 of this title , an amount not [more than] the principal of each award , plus accrued interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to section 5 of this title , in accordance with the award .

and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those States whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any State from thereby exceeding its maximum .
and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those states whose allotments are below their maximums , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any state from thereby [more than] its maximum .

Perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of Mr. Brown's tradition for accuracy was Mr. Oscar J. Beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of Mr. Brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled Brown & Sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world .
perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of mr. brown's tradition for accuracy was mr. oscar j. beale , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of mr. brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled brown & sharpe to manufacture gages , and therefore its products , with an accuracy [more than] anything then available elsewhere in the world .

He says he 's arresting the driver for exceeding the speed limit .
he says he 's arresting the driver for [more than] the speed limit .

Under the terms of the deal , Howden is acquiring the business and property of Novenco for a price not exceeding £9.2 million .
under the terms of the deal , howden is acquiring the business and property of novenco for a price not [more than] £9.2 million .

Michael James Ward , 24 , of Embledown , Norton-le-Clay , Helperby , York , admitted driving a car exceeding 60mph , fined £100 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .
michael james ward , 24 , of embledown , norton-le-clay , helperby , york , admitted driving a car [more than] 60mph , fined £100 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .

He also made it a condition that she be treated by a psychiatrist for a period not exceeding one year .
he also made it a condition that she be treated by a psychiatrist for a period not [more than] one year .

Stanislaw Bojas , 73 , of Parliament Road , Middlesbrough , admitted driving motor car exceeding 30mph and driving motor car and failing to wear seat belt , fined £60 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .
stanislaw bojas , 73 , of parliament road , middlesbrough , admitted driving motor car [more than] 30mph and driving motor car and failing to wear seat belt , fined £60 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .

Michael David Hand , 39 , of Tennyson Avenue , Newborough Park , Eston , Cleveland , admitted driving motor car exceeding 30mph , fined £30 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .
michael david hand , 39 , of tennyson avenue , newborough park , eston , cleveland , admitted driving motor car [more than] 30mph , fined £30 plus £20 costs , licence endorsed , three points .

Because the then owner erm in the view of the Council was exceeding the terms of his occupation and he was increasingly encroaching on Port Meadow .
because the then owner erm in the view of the council was [more than] the terms of his occupation and he was increasingly encroaching on port meadow .

However , the average time taken to make straightforward deliveries to readers of ‘ ordinary ’ books remained remarkably stable throughout the day , never exceeding 17 minutes on weekdays and 19 minutes on Saturdays .
however , the average time taken to make straightforward deliveries to readers of ‘ ordinary ’ books remained remarkably stable throughout the day , never [more than] 17 minutes on weekdays and 19 minutes on saturdays .

Tachymetabolic temperature regulation exceeding that defined by homeothermy , either daily or seasonally .
tachymetabolic temperature regulation [more than] that defined by homeothermy , either daily or seasonally .

‘ The whole thing seems to be mushrooming , ’ said Mr Rankin who feels that riders are exceeding the spirit of the planning permission , if not the letter of it .
‘ the whole thing seems to be mushrooming , ’ said mr rankin who feels that riders are [more than] the spirit of the planning permission , if not the letter of it .

These figures are typical and it is therefore evident that the service is not only meeting , but exceeding national standards .
these figures are typical and it is therefore evident that the service is not only meeting , but [more than] national standards .

Its full title was Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners or a Brief and Faithful delation of the Exceeding Mercy of God in Christ to His Poor Servant , John Bunyan .
its full title was grace abounding to the chief of sinners or a brief and faithful delation of the [more than] mercy of god in christ to his poor servant , john bunyan .

Another of the Tractarian poets , Isaac Williams , reflected pathetically on visiting Ken 's tomb , whilst a similar visit by Richard Monckton Milnes , the future Man of Letters Lord Houghton , produced a poem exceeding Ken at his most bathetic and beginning ,
another of the tractarian poets , isaac williams , reflected pathetically on visiting ken 's tomb , whilst a similar visit by richard monckton milnes , the future man of letters lord houghton , produced a poem [more than] ken at his most bathetic and beginning ,

The decision-maker tries to maximise the objective up to the goal value but is not interested in values exceeding the goal .
the decision-maker tries to maximise the objective up to the goal value but is not interested in values [more than] the goal .

We will write z k for the optimal objective function value of LPk and [ z k ] for the greatest integer not exceeding z k ( so that ) .
we will write z k for the optimal objective function value of lpk and [ z k ] for the greatest integer not [more than] z k ( so that ) .

This is defined as a goods vehicle which does not form part of a vehicle combination and has a relevant plated weight not exceeding 3500kg , or ( not having a plated weight ) has an unladen weight not exceeding 1525kg .
this is defined as a goods vehicle which does not form part of a vehicle combination and has a relevant plated weight not [more than] 3500kg , or ( not having a plated weight ) has an unladen weight not [more than] 1525kg .

Tarmac said that it would firstly call for volunteers , and to encourage volunteers it would make ex gratia payments exceeding the normal redundancy payment entitlement .
tarmac said that it would firstly call for volunteers , and to encourage volunteers it would make ex gratia payments [more than] the normal redundancy payment entitlement .

As already mentioned , the Consumer Credit Act 1974 does not apply to credit transactions exceeding £15,000 .
as already mentioned , the consumer credit act 1974 does not apply to credit transactions [more than] £15,000 .

Section 123 ( 1 ) of the Insolvency Act 1986 provides that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum exceeding £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .
section 123 ( 1 ) of the insolvency act 1986 provides that a company is deemed unable to pay its debts if a creditor ( by assignment or otherwise ) to whom the company is indebted in a sum [more than] £750 then due has served on the company , by leaving it at the company 's registered office , a written demand ( in the prescribed form ) requiring the company to pay the sum so due and the company has for three weeks thereafter neglected to pay the sum or to secure or compound for it to the reasonable satisfaction of the creditor .

Having no really rich men , the community enjoyed a measure of equality , similar to Arden — the name of the forest in Warwickshire — where farms averaged just over 30 acres , with less than one in five exceeding 50 , and three-quarters of the land under grass ; farmers raised beef cattle for profit , and crops — rye , oats , barley and drage — for subsistence , some growing none at all .
having no really rich men , the community enjoyed a measure of equality , similar to arden — the name of the forest in warwickshire — where farms averaged just over 30 acres , with less than one in five [more than] 50 , and three-quarters of the land under grass ; farmers raised beef cattle for profit , and crops — rye , oats , barley and drage — for subsistence , some growing none at all .

Whilst the smallest kind of town can only have served as a market point , those with populations exceeding 500 usually provided more extensive services to their localities , and some had developed specialised manufactures even if on a modest scale .
whilst the smallest kind of town can only have served as a market point , those with populations [more than] 500 usually provided more extensive services to their localities , and some had developed specialised manufactures even if on a modest scale .

Commonly not exceeding a couple of pounds , the church stock reached an exceptional £7 .
commonly not [more than] a couple of pounds , the church stock reached an exceptional £7 .

The current Tsunami run meanwhile is reportedly exceeding expectations in speed and yield .
the current tsunami run meanwhile is reportedly [more than] expectations in speed and yield .

Six canvas stretchers were to be bought at a cost not exceeding £5 .
six canvas stretchers were to be bought at a cost not [more than] £5 .

The strength can be variable depending on the source , and it is therefore wise not to risk damage by exceeding a maximum rate of 4 ounces ( 113 g ) per square yard ( square metre ) .
the strength can be variable depending on the source , and it is therefore wise not to risk damage by [more than] a maximum rate of 4 ounces ( 113 g ) per square yard ( square metre ) .

All sorts of questions and issues were covered , far exceeding what the official election committee felt was in order .
all sorts of questions and issues were covered , far [more than] what the official election committee felt was in order .

Arrowanas are large fish , reportedly reaching lengths of up to three feet ( 90cm ) , but in captivity rarely exceeding 2′ ( 60cm ) and an eighteen inch ( 45cm ) specimen would be very respectable for even the biggest of aquariums .
arrowanas are large fish , reportedly reaching lengths of up to three feet ( 90cm ) , but in captivity rarely [more than] 2′ ( 60cm ) and an eighteen inch ( 45cm ) specimen would be very respectable for even the biggest of aquariums .

One in five students surveyed at Bristol university had debts exceeding £5,000 , says the report by Dr Kieran Smart .
one in five students surveyed at bristol university had debts [more than] £5,000 , says the report by dr kieran smart .

Traditionally it has been believed that both are needed , as in the Sun for example where fifteen million degrees and a central density more than 100 times that of water are only just enough , or high pressures and temperatures exceeding 100 million degrees aimed for in the hot fusion programmes .
traditionally it has been believed that both are needed , as in the sun for example where fifteen million degrees and a central density more than 100 times that of water are only just enough , or high pressures and temperatures [more than] 100 million degrees aimed for in the hot fusion programmes .

Anyone exceeding these levels would have to re-take their test .
anyone [more than] these levels would have to re-take their test .

The Motor Vehicles ( Tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight exceeding 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; articulated vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles etc .
the motor vehicles ( tests ) regulations 1981 exempt among other motor vehicles most public service vehicles ; goods vehicles of an unladen weight [more than] 1525 kg ( about 30 cwts ) ( other than dual purpose vehicles ) ; articulated vehicles ; when submitting a vehicle for a test after prior arrangement or bringing it away ; where a test certificate is refused — taking it for repair by prior arrangement or bringing it away and also taking it , by towing to be broken up , and motor traders when repairing motor vehicles etc .

on or after April 1 1980 and has a maximum gross weight in Great Britain ( determined in accordance with the provisions of Schedule 2 ) exceeding 3500 kg ; or
on or after april 1 1980 and has a maximum gross weight in great britain ( determined in accordance with the provisions of schedule 2 ) [more than] 3500 kg ; or

a vehicle which is incapable by reason of its construction of exceeding a speed of 16 miles per hour on the level under its own power
a vehicle which is incapable by reason of its construction of [more than] a speed of 16 miles per hour on the level under its own power

This point is proved beyond any doubt when a completely bald patch exceeding a quarter of the breadth of the tread is present .
this point is proved beyond any doubt when a completely bald patch [more than] a quarter of the breadth of the tread is present .

The constable must not be exceeding his authority , such as detaining a person without a power of arrest .
the constable must not be [more than] his authority , such as detaining a person without a power of arrest .

Pearl 's most recent results showed premium income exceeding £1bn , profits nearly doubled and market share substantially increased .
pearl 's most recent results showed premium income [more than] £1bn , profits nearly doubled and market share substantially increased .

If it did anything this mass burning ensured that Lewes remained a stronghold of Protestantism , and the people of Cliffe still celebrate Bonfire Night at the Martyr 's Memorial with a sectarian fervour far exceeding the mild anti-Popery of other marchers .
if it did anything this mass burning ensured that lewes remained a stronghold of protestantism , and the people of cliffe still celebrate bonfire night at the martyr 's memorial with a sectarian fervour far [more than] the mild anti-popery of other marchers .

If Mr Lamont was using a Gold Access card , as he says , it is also highly unlikely that he was exceeding his credit limit .
if mr lamont was using a gold access card , as he says , it is also highly unlikely that he was [more than] his credit limit .

As a result of this and subsequent deliberations it was agreed to form a local defence force consisting of 60 cavalrymen , who were to extend their protection ‘ … as far as any adjoining town not exceeding 20 miles distance from Frome ’ , together with 100 infantry .
as a result of this and subsequent deliberations it was agreed to form a local defence force consisting of 60 cavalrymen , who were to extend their protection ‘ … as far as any adjoining town not [more than] 20 miles distance from frome ’ , together with 100 infantry .

This Order , which is now in force , allows lay people to represent litigants on a fee paid basis at County Court actions automatically referred to arbitration ( claims not exceeding £1,000 ) .
this order , which is now in force , allows lay people to represent litigants on a fee paid basis at county court actions automatically referred to arbitration ( claims not [more than] £1,000 ) .

The picture was bought on the telephone by a private European buyer , exceeding its unpublished pre-sale estimate of around £300,000–400,000 .
the picture was bought on the telephone by a private european buyer , [more than] its unpublished pre-sale estimate of around £300,000–400,000 .

The evening 's highest price was the $ 440,000 paid by Geneva-based dealer Ali Abu Taam for a late eighteenth/early nineteenth dynasty blue faience inlay head of a king or god , a price far exceeding the upper estimate of $ 150,000 .
the evening 's highest price was the $ 440,000 paid by geneva-based dealer ali abu taam for a late eighteenth/early nineteenth dynasty blue faience inlay head of a king or god , a price far [more than] the upper estimate of $ 150,000 .

The Project Manager shall not unreasonably withhold or delay the issue of such authority , and any delay exceeding six weeks from the date of request , or any refusal of authority , shall be subject to review by the Project Committee .
the project manager shall not unreasonably withhold or delay the issue of such authority , and any delay [more than] six weeks from the date of request , or any refusal of authority , shall be subject to review by the project committee .

7.1 The Proprietor agrees to read the Work in proof and apart from keyboarding errors all charges for carrying out the Proprietor 's corrections additions or deletions in the proof sheets exceeding 10% ( ten per cent ) of the charge for composition shall be borne by the Proprietor and shall be deductible from payments due to the Proprietor .
7.1 the proprietor agrees to read the work in proof and apart from keyboarding errors all charges for carrying out the proprietor 's corrections additions or deletions in the proof sheets [more than] 10% ( ten per cent ) of the charge for composition shall be borne by the proprietor and shall be deductible from payments due to the proprietor .

7.2 The Proprietor further agrees that all charges for carrying out the Proprietor 's corrections additions or deletions in the preparation and reproduction of artwork apart from errors for which the Publisher or printer is responsible exceeding 10% ( ten per cent ) of the charge for preparation of such artwork shall be borne by the Proprietor and shall be deductible from payments due to the Proprietor .
7.2 the proprietor further agrees that all charges for carrying out the proprietor 's corrections additions or deletions in the preparation and reproduction of artwork apart from errors for which the publisher or printer is responsible [more than] 10% ( ten per cent ) of the charge for preparation of such artwork shall be borne by the proprietor and shall be deductible from payments due to the proprietor .

1.4.3 amounts allowed or credited on returns ( not exceeding the original billing ) , or retroactive price reductions , and
1.4.3 amounts allowed or credited on returns ( not [more than] the original billing ) , or retroactive price reductions , and

7.1 The Company shall procure that the Authors read the Work in proof and apart from keyboarding errors all charges for carrying out author 's corrections additions or deletions in the proof sheets exceeding 10% ( ten per cent ) of the charge for composition shall be borne by the Company and shall be deductible from payments due to the Company .
7.1 the company shall procure that the authors read the work in proof and apart from keyboarding errors all charges for carrying out author 's corrections additions or deletions in the proof sheets [more than] 10% ( ten per cent ) of the charge for composition shall be borne by the company and shall be deductible from payments due to the company .

7.2 The Company further agrees that all charges for carrying out the author 's corrections additions or deletions in the preparation and reproduction of artwork apart from errors for which the Publisher or printer is responsible exceeding 10% ( ten per cent ) of the charge for preparation of such artwork shall be borne by the Company and shall be deductible from payments due to the Company .
7.2 the company further agrees that all charges for carrying out the author 's corrections additions or deletions in the preparation and reproduction of artwork apart from errors for which the publisher or printer is responsible [more than] 10% ( ten per cent ) of the charge for preparation of such artwork shall be borne by the company and shall be deductible from payments due to the company .

‘ They operate with very high combustion zone temperatures , large amounts of primary air and smoke box draught regularly exceeding 12 ins of water gauge .
‘ they operate with very high combustion zone temperatures , large amounts of primary air and smoke box draught regularly [more than] 12 ins of water gauge .

In order to be classified as small a company or group of companies must meet at least two out of the following three criteria : ( a ) annual turnover not exceeding £1400000 .
in order to be classified as small a company or group of companies must meet at least two out of the following three criteria : ( a ) annual turnover not [more than] £1400000 .

( b ) balance sheet total not exceeding £700000 .
( b ) balance sheet total not [more than] £700000 .

( c ) average number of employees not exceeding 50 .
( c ) average number of employees not [more than] 50 .

It should perhaps be mentioned that there are also accounting exemptions for medium-sized companies ( annual turnover not exceeding £5750000 ) but these are modest and are barely worth the effort and expense of preparing separate accounts for the shareholders and filing with the Registrar of Companies .
it should perhaps be mentioned that there are also accounting exemptions for medium-sized companies ( annual turnover not [more than] £5750000 ) but these are modest and are barely worth the effort and expense of preparing separate accounts for the shareholders and filing with the registrar of companies .

/ This and the company carries out all steps of production in its factories , from preparing the yarn to weaving it on looms designed and manufactured by company engineers , and Brintons factories are considered the most advanced weaving factories from the technical aspect in the whole world , also Brintons company is considered among the largest weaving companies with a production capacity exceeding 100,000 square metres per week / .
/ this and the company carries out all steps of production in its factories , from preparing the yarn to weaving it on looms designed and manufactured by company engineers , and brintons factories are considered the most advanced weaving factories from the technical aspect in the whole world , also brintons company is considered among the largest weaving companies with a production capacity [more than] 100,000 square metres per week / .

For the first time this century , population and economic growth in non-metropolitan America is exceeding population growth in metropolitan America .
for the first time this century , population and economic growth in non-metropolitan america is [more than] population growth in metropolitan america .

Furthermore , these figures have been used in penalizing Local Authorities for exceeding expenditure targets set by central Government and for rate-capping .
furthermore , these figures have been used in penalizing local authorities for [more than] expenditure targets set by central government and for rate-capping .

In Ireland , credit unions have been in existence for a decade longer than in Britain , but there are now over 450 unions , with a membership exceeding three-quarters of a million .
in ireland , credit unions have been in existence for a decade longer than in britain , but there are now over 450 unions , with a membership [more than] three-quarters of a million .

The Japanese firm thus becomes an information-laden organization with problem-solving and regenerative capabilities far exceeding its Fordist counterparts .
the japanese firm thus becomes an information-laden organization with problem-solving and regenerative capabilities far [more than] its fordist counterparts .

Any claim for an amount exceeding £50 000 shall be commenced in the High Court .
any claim for an amount [more than] £50 000 shall be commenced in the high court .

This procedure applies to actions brought for the recovery of a sum , in either contract or tort , not exceeding £1000 .
this procedure applies to actions brought for the recovery of a sum , in either contract or tort , not [more than] £1000 .

Where the County Court grants a new lease to the tenant it may do so for a period not exceeding 14 years .
where the county court grants a new lease to the tenant it may do so for a period not [more than] 14 years .

However , the existence of market imperfections results in the social opportunity rate exceeding the social time preference rate .
however , the existence of market imperfections results in the social opportunity rate [more than] the social time preference rate .

This was obviously so in organisations which were expanding and which , as consequence , either found themselves exceeding the agreed limits on the size of their temporary labour forces or felt confident of being able to make commitments to a greater number of workers .
this was obviously so in organisations which were expanding and which , as consequence , either found themselves [more than] the agreed limits on the size of their temporary labour forces or felt confident of being able to make commitments to a greater number of workers .

Freehold and long leasehold land and buildings are revalued to market value at intervals not exceeding five years .
freehold and long leasehold land and buildings are revalued to market value at intervals not [more than] five years .

In such circumstances the costs are carried forward and amortised over a period not exceeding five years commencing when the group begins to benefit from the expenditure .
in such circumstances the costs are carried forward and amortised over a period not [more than] five years commencing when the group begins to benefit from the expenditure .

Community service orders — consecutive orders — consecutive orders exceeding 240 hours in aggregate
community service orders — consecutive orders — consecutive orders [more than] 240 hours in aggregate

When we reach the pit straight again , exceeding 130 mph , Brundle tells me to listen out for the tone of screaming on the front left tyre .
when we reach the pit straight again , [more than] 130 mph , brundle tells me to listen out for the tone of screaming on the front left tyre .

Top 25 Omnibus Press music books , 19th — 30th July P.o.s. : three different banner posters featuring six musical artists ; matching Omnibus Press bookmarks free to bookshop customers Competition : bookshop window display competition , and extra discount on orders exceeding 50 books
top 25 omnibus press music books , 19th — 30th july p.o.s. : three different banner posters featuring six musical artists ; matching omnibus press bookmarks free to bookshop customers competition : bookshop window display competition , and extra discount on orders [more than] 50 books

But this view was rather hard upon farmers with crops adjacent to a railway line and a compromise was effected by the Railway Fires Acts 1905 and 1923 , which cast upon railways a liability not exceeding £200 , even if the total damage claimed and done is much in excess , for damage caused to agricultural land or agricultural crops by fire arising from the emission of sparks or cinders from their locomotives , although the locomotive was used under statutory powers .
but this view was rather hard upon farmers with crops adjacent to a railway line and a compromise was effected by the railway fires acts 1905 and 1923 , which cast upon railways a liability not [more than] £200 , even if the total damage claimed and done is much in excess , for damage caused to agricultural land or agricultural crops by fire arising from the emission of sparks or cinders from their locomotives , although the locomotive was used under statutory powers .

It was agreed that in lieu of the pension forgone , such women would qualify for a ‘ marriage gratuity ’ on leaving — a lump sum of a value relating to years of service not exceeding twelve ( Martindale , 1939 ; Holcombe , 1973 ) .
it was agreed that in lieu of the pension forgone , such women would qualify for a ‘ marriage gratuity ’ on leaving — a lump sum of a value relating to years of service not [more than] twelve ( martindale , 1939 ; holcombe , 1973 ) .

On the other hand , a pension fund was established in 1895 for the payment of pensions not exceeding 6s 10d pa. to the old and poor .
on the other hand , a pension fund was established in 1895 for the payment of pensions not [more than] 6s 10d pa. to the old and poor .

The penalties available to the Tribunal include striking a solicitor off the roll of solicitors , suspension from practice , the imposition of a money penalty not exceeding £5000 , and payment of all or part of the costs of the application .
the penalties available to the tribunal include striking a solicitor off the roll of solicitors , suspension from practice , the imposition of a money penalty not [more than] £5000 , and payment of all or part of the costs of the application .

The mainspring of his actions as archbishop he spelled out in a letter to the king in 1281 : all Christian rulers derived their authority from , and were subordinate to , ecclesiastical law , to which kings , by virtue of their great dignity , were bound in a degree exceeding that of any other layman .
the mainspring of his actions as archbishop he spelled out in a letter to the king in 1281 : all christian rulers derived their authority from , and were subordinate to , ecclesiastical law , to which kings , by virtue of their great dignity , were bound in a degree [more than] that of any other layman .

The most consistent paratone-final marker is the long pause , normally exceeding one second .
the most consistent paratone-final marker is the long pause , normally [more than] one second .

Arguably , the best reason for exceeding this fairly meaningless average cost is quality .
arguably , the best reason for [more than] this fairly meaningless average cost is quality .

There was the rub — Rose Lipman complained they were exceeding the estimates .
there was the rub — rose lipman complained they were [more than] the estimates .

My Lords , the code which first made it a criminal offence to drive a motor vehicle with an amount of alcohol in the body exceeding a fixed statutory limit ( introduced by the Road Safety Act 1967 and re-enacted in the consolidating Road Traffic Act 1972 ) was found in course of judicial construction to have been drafted in a way which afforded to many drunken drivers a variety of wholly unmeritorious avenues of escape from conviction .
my lords , the code which first made it a criminal offence to drive a motor vehicle with an amount of alcohol in the body [more than] a fixed statutory limit ( introduced by the road safety act 1967 and re-enacted in the consolidating road traffic act 1972 ) was found in course of judicial construction to have been drafted in a way which afforded to many drunken drivers a variety of wholly unmeritorious avenues of escape from conviction .

’ The doctor was called and the defendant provided a specimen of blood which on analysis proved to contain a proportion of alcohol substantially exceeding the statutory limit .
’ the doctor was called and the defendant provided a specimen of blood which on analysis proved to contain a proportion of alcohol substantially [more than] the statutory limit .

‘ Any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with a requirement imposed on him under this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding the fifth level on the standard scale or to both .
‘ any person who without reasonable excuse fails to comply with a requirement imposed on him under this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not [more than] six months or to a fine not [more than] the fifth level on the standard scale or to both .

( 3 ) Any person who intentionally obstructs a person exercising rights conferred by this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding the fifth level on the standard scale or to both .
( 3 ) any person who intentionally obstructs a person exercising rights conferred by this section shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not [more than] six months or to a fine not [more than] the fifth level on the standard scale or to both .

The court may set aside the demand if the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross claim equalling or exceeding the debt demanded , the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial , the creditor appears to hold some security for the debt of sufficient value , or the court is satisfied on other grounds that the demand ought to be set aside .
the court may set aside the demand if the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross claim equalling or [more than] the debt demanded , the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial , the creditor appears to hold some security for the debt of sufficient value , or the court is satisfied on other grounds that the demand ought to be set aside .

( 7 ) The period of the suspension of a licence under this section shall be a fixed period not exceeding one year or the unexpired portion of the duration of the licence , whichever is the less , and the effect of the suspension is that the licence shall cease to have effect during the period of the suspension .
( 7 ) the period of the suspension of a licence under this section shall be a fixed period not [more than] one year or the unexpired portion of the duration of the licence , whichever is the less , and the effect of the suspension is that the licence shall cease to have effect during the period of the suspension .

If altitude is changed then make a correction at a rate not exceeding twice the amount of height to be changed .
if altitude is changed then make a correction at a rate not [more than] twice the amount of height to be changed .

An English interior designer flew out especially to plan and make the curtains for this one room , and the heavy silk drapes with thickly ruched pelmets , magnificent tassels and braid trims cost several thousand pounds , exceeding by far the means of most of her customers .
an english interior designer flew out especially to plan and make the curtains for this one room , and the heavy silk drapes with thickly ruched pelmets , magnificent tassels and braid trims cost several thousand pounds , [more than] by far the means of most of her customers .

Firms which reduce emissions by amounts exceeding the reductions required by the authorities under the bubble or offset policies can ‘ bank ’ emission reduction credits and either use them to expand their own plant later or openly trade them with other companies .
firms which reduce emissions by amounts [more than] the reductions required by the authorities under the bubble or offset policies can ‘ bank ’ emission reduction credits and either use them to expand their own plant later or openly trade them with other companies .

In 1988 , around 112 million people were living in areas exceeding the ozone standard , almost 30 million in areas violating the carbon monoxide standard , and over 25 million in areas exceeding the fine particulate standard ( figure 8.6 ; table 8.4 ) .
in 1988 , around 112 million people were living in areas [more than] the ozone standard , almost 30 million in areas violating the carbon monoxide standard , and over 25 million in areas [more than] the fine particulate standard ( figure 8.6 ; table 8.4 ) .

Generated from the antarctic ice-sheet , they are far more numerous and often much larger than their arctic counterparts , the largest exceeding 200 km long when newly formed .
generated from the antarctic ice-sheet , they are far more numerous and often much larger than their arctic counterparts , the largest [more than] 200 km long when newly formed .

We have indications that black people have , over the past 30 years , become more present in the criminal statistics than the previous generation , reaching a level with , and in some categories , exceeding the indigenous population .
we have indications that black people have , over the past 30 years , become more present in the criminal statistics than the previous generation , reaching a level with , and in some categories , [more than] the indigenous population .

The event gave him a place in world headlines , and he was the first classical pianist to win a platinum disc for sales exceeding a million copies of a single record , for his recording of Tchaikovsky 's first piano concerto .
the event gave him a place in world headlines , and he was the first classical pianist to win a platinum disc for sales [more than] a million copies of a single record , for his recording of tchaikovsky 's first piano concerto .

Storage not exceeding the following heights are considered suitable for Ordinary Hazard systems .
storage not [more than] the following heights are considered suitable for ordinary hazard systems .

For storage exceeding this height the intermediate , in-rack , protection illustrated in figures 1122.32.31 ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) and ( d ) is to be provided by open sprinklers arrayed , in vertical modules of 3 or 4 sprinklers , each controlled by a group control , or multiple control .
for storage [more than] this height the intermediate , in-rack , protection illustrated in figures 1122.32.31 ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) and ( d ) is to be provided by open sprinklers arrayed , in vertical modules of 3 or 4 sprinklers , each controlled by a group control , or multiple control .

These times relate to ‘ normal ’ combustibles with a plentiful access of air and moisture content not exceeding 12 per cent .
these times relate to ‘ normal ’ combustibles with a plentiful access of air and moisture content not [more than] 12 per cent .

All storage buildings exceeding 7080m3 in cubical extent , or exceeding 25 m in height with a floor area exceeding 929 m2 erected within the Inner London Boroughs would be subject to control under section 20 of the London Building Acts ( Amendment ) Act 1939 .
all storage buildings [more than] 7080m3 in cubical extent , or [more than] 25 m in height with a floor area [more than] 929 m2 erected within the inner london boroughs would be subject to control under section 20 of the london building acts ( amendment ) act 1939 .

1 . Fire Precautions in Buildings Exceeding 250,000 cubic feet of the Warehouse Class
1 . fire precautions in buildings [more than] 250,000 cubic feet of the warehouse class

It is true that many people who are hourly-paid avoid work on a Saturday morning because they feel it costs them money — the total tax for the week exceeding the Saturday pay .
it is true that many people who are hourly-paid avoid work on a saturday morning because they feel it costs them money — the total tax for the week [more than] the saturday pay .

For those whose scholarship he respected he was prepared to go to endless trouble , but to those whom he suspected of pretensions exceeding their knowledge or understanding he gave short shrift .
for those whose scholarship he respected he was prepared to go to endless trouble , but to those whom he suspected of pretensions [more than] their knowledge or understanding he gave short shrift .

Around 1780 he began developing an apparatus for making artificial mineral waters equalling or exceeding the quality of natural spa waters , and was the first person to use a force pump to carbonate under pressure .
around 1780 he began developing an apparatus for making artificial mineral waters equalling or [more than] the quality of natural spa waters , and was the first person to use a force pump to carbonate under pressure .

In each of his nine full seasons in English cricket he took at least 100 wickets , three times exceeding the 200 mark .
in each of his nine full seasons in english cricket he took at least 100 wickets , three times [more than] the 200 mark .

As regards these latter matters , it will be assumed for the remainder of the chapter , unless the contrary is stated , that a company has capacity to grant the security and that the directors were not acting in breach of their duty to the company or exceeding their authority .
as regards these latter matters , it will be assumed for the remainder of the chapter , unless the contrary is stated , that a company has capacity to grant the security and that the directors were not acting in breach of their duty to the company or [more than] their authority .

The maximum penalty for the offence is now three years ’ imprisonment or a fine , or on summary conviction , imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or a fine up to the statutory maximum .
the maximum penalty for the offence is now three years ’ imprisonment or a fine , or on summary conviction , imprisonment for a term not [more than] six months or a fine up to the statutory maximum .

‘ Any person who in any public place is guilty , while drunk , of disorderly behaviour may be arrested without warrant by any person and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding level three .
‘ any person who in any public place is guilty , while drunk , of disorderly behaviour may be arrested without warrant by any person and shall be liable on summary conviction to a fine not [more than] level three .

If the chief of police reasonably believes that any conditions that he may impose will not prevent ‘ serious public disorder , ’ he shall apply to the district council for an order prohibiting for a specified period ( not exceeding three months ) the holding of all public processions or a specified class of processions .
if the chief of police reasonably believes that any conditions that he may impose will not prevent ‘ serious public disorder , ’ he shall apply to the district council for an order prohibiting for a specified period ( not [more than] three months ) the holding of all public processions or a specified class of processions .

‘ ( 1 ) Any person who assaults a constable in the execution of his duty , or a person assisting a constable in the execution of his duty , shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale or to both .
‘ ( 1 ) any person who assaults a constable in the execution of his duty , or a person assisting a constable in the execution of his duty , shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not [more than] six months or to a fine not [more than] level 5 on the standard scale or to both .

( 3 ) Any person who resists or wilfully obstructs a constable in the execution of his duty , or a person assisting a constable in the execution of his duty , shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale or to both .
( 3 ) any person who resists or wilfully obstructs a constable in the execution of his duty , or a person assisting a constable in the execution of his duty , shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not [more than] one month or to a fine not [more than] level 3 on the standard scale or to both .

He introduced the idea of a resultant wind obtained by summing vectorially all winds exceeding 20 km/h ( 13 mile/h ) ( the lower limit of Beaufort Force 4 ) .
he introduced the idea of a resultant wind obtained by summing vectorially all winds [more than] 20 km/h ( 13 mile/h ) ( the lower limit of beaufort force 4 ) .

One would not expect coral thickness exceeding 90 m ( 300 ft ) if only glacial control had been involved in the formation of coral islands .
one would not expect coral thickness [more than] 90 m ( 300 ft ) if only glacial control had been involved in the formation of coral islands .

Barnicoats is offering an extra 30 days ' credit on orders exceeding £500 placed in January from its 1993 Travel Catalogue . Details from Liz Pearce at Barnicoats on
barnicoats is offering an extra 30 days ' credit on orders [more than] £500 placed in january from its 1993 travel catalogue . details from liz pearce at barnicoats on

But what is one to make of a solemn pronouncement in a Companies Act that ‘ an insurance company which contravenes a restriction to which it is subject by virtue of subsections ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) above shall be guilty of an offence and liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years ’ ?
but what is one to make of a solemn pronouncement in a companies act that ‘ an insurance company which contravenes a restriction to which it is subject by virtue of subsections ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) above shall be guilty of an offence and liable on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not [more than] two years ’ ?

When a transfer is arranged this should be on a trial basis normally not exceeding one month .
when a transfer is arranged this should be on a trial basis normally not [more than] one month .

1 in 4 driver/rider fatalities have blood alcohol levels exceeding the legal limits .
1 in 4 driver/rider fatalities have blood alcohol levels [more than] the legal limits .

The government has admitted that pesticides are appearing in increasing concentrations in tap water , exceeding the Department of Environment 's drinking water inspectorate 's recommended limits .
the government has admitted that pesticides are appearing in increasing concentrations in tap water , [more than] the department of environment 's drinking water inspectorate 's recommended limits .

Currently , the only known way of destroying highly toxic and carcinogenic PCBs is by incineration at temperatures exceeding 1200 degrees centigrade .
currently , the only known way of destroying highly toxic and carcinogenic pcbs is by incineration at temperatures [more than] 1200 degrees centigrade .

The Greenpeace action is intended to be followed up by a series of prosecutions involving companies who , the organisation believes , are exceeding limits of discharge into the Mersey which is one of Europe 's most seriously polluted rivers .
the greenpeace action is intended to be followed up by a series of prosecutions involving companies who , the organisation believes , are [more than] limits of discharge into the mersey which is one of europe 's most seriously polluted rivers .

The complete list is printed inside the cover of every certificate , and the following are samples only : rights of common , customary rights , public rights , right of sheepwalk , rights of way , rights of water , liability to repair highways by reason of tenure , liability to repair the chancel of any church , liability to repair embankments and sea or river walls , rights under local land charges , rights of fishing and sporting , manorial and seignorial rights of all descriptions ( until extinguished ) , leases for any term not exceeding 21 years granted at a rent without taking a fine , etc ( s70 ( 1 ) ( a ) — ( k ) ) .
the complete list is printed inside the cover of every certificate , and the following are samples only : rights of common , customary rights , public rights , right of sheepwalk , rights of way , rights of water , liability to repair highways by reason of tenure , liability to repair the chancel of any church , liability to repair embankments and sea or river walls , rights under local land charges , rights of fishing and sporting , manorial and seignorial rights of all descriptions ( until extinguished ) , leases for any term not [more than] 21 years granted at a rent without taking a fine , etc ( s70 ( 1 ) ( a ) — ( k ) ) .

Persons contravening s20 are liable on conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum under s20 ( 4 ) .
persons contravening s20 are liable on conviction on indictment to a fine not [more than] the statutory maximum under s20 ( 4 ) .

If the same timetable were followed this would mean an initial review within four weeks , a second review within the next three months and subsequent reviews at intervals not exceeding six months .
if the same timetable were followed this would mean an initial review within four weeks , a second review within the next three months and subsequent reviews at intervals not [more than] six months .

8 The guardian ad litem ( a ) Appointment The court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the United Kingdom for a period exceeding one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .
8 the guardian ad litem ( a ) appointment the court has a positive duty to appoint a guardian ad litem in the following proceedings unless satisfied that this is not necessary in order to safeguard the child 's interests ( s41 ) : ( i ) application for a care or supervision order ; ( ii ) direction to investigate under s37 when an interim care order has been made or is under consideration ; ( iii ) application for discharge of a care order ; ( iv ) application for variation or discharge of a supervision order ; ( v ) application to extend a supervision order ; ( vi ) application to substitute a supervision order for a care order ; ( vii ) consideration of a residence order for a child in care ; ( viii ) application relating to contact with a child in care ; ( ix ) proceedings relating to emergency protection and child assessment orders ; ( x ) proceedings relating to secure accommodation orders ; ( xi ) application for leave to change the surname of a child in care ; ( xii ) application for leave to remove a child in care from the united kingdom for a period [more than] one month ; ( xiii ) application for leave to permit the emigration of a child in care ; ( xiv ) appeal against the making or refusal to make , vary or discharge above orders .

Any witness in the family proceedings court , whether attending by summons or otherwise , who refuses to give evidence or produce any document to the court as required may be committed to prison for a term not exceeding one month or fined an amount not exceeding £1,000 , or both ( Magistrates ' Courts Act 1980 , s97 ( 4 ) ) .
any witness in the family proceedings court , whether attending by summons or otherwise , who refuses to give evidence or produce any document to the court as required may be committed to prison for a term not [more than] one month or fined an amount not [more than] £1,000 , or both ( magistrates ' courts act 1980 , s97 ( 4 ) ) .

Newspapers `` , under the 1952 Act , are defined as periodicals `` printed for sale `` at intervals not exceeding thirty-six days ( thereby including monthly magazines , but excluding free sheets ) ; `` broadcasts `` must be by wireless telegraphy and for general reception , but the Cable and Broadcasting Act expands this to include cable stations .
newspapers `` , under the 1952 act , are defined as periodicals `` printed for sale `` at intervals not [more than] thirty-six days ( thereby including monthly magazines , but excluding free sheets ) ; `` broadcasts `` must be by wireless telegraphy and for general reception , but the cable and broadcasting act expands this to include cable stations .

The period of patency is very long , exceeding two years in all the genera examined .
the period of patency is very long , [more than] two years in all the genera examined .

He had a pile on his desk which he was working systematically through ; reports from agents , neatly docketed and summarized by Nikos , offensive memoranda from the Finance Department , irrelevant offerings from Personnel and aggrieved submissions from the Khedive , the Kadi , the Mufti and all the others who considered that the Mamur Zapt was exceeding his powers .
he had a pile on his desk which he was working systematically through ; reports from agents , neatly docketed and summarized by nikos , offensive memoranda from the finance department , irrelevant offerings from personnel and aggrieved submissions from the khedive , the kadi , the mufti and all the others who considered that the mamur zapt was [more than] his powers .

Frictional heat generated along the upper edge of the underthrusting lithospheric slab at depths exceeding 100km leads to the upwelling of magma in an expanding dome within the growing orogenic belt which eventually rises above sea level .
frictional heat generated along the upper edge of the underthrusting lithospheric slab at depths [more than] 100km leads to the upwelling of magma in an expanding dome within the growing orogenic belt which eventually rises above sea level .

Significant compression has only developed comparatively recently ( the Alpine Fault was transtensile until the Pliocene ) but has generated rapid uplift with the highest peaks in the Southern Alps now exceeding an altitude of 3000 m .
significant compression has only developed comparatively recently ( the alpine fault was transtensile until the pliocene ) but has generated rapid uplift with the highest peaks in the southern alps now [more than] an altitude of 3000 m .

By any standards these are significant morphological features — the Great Escarpment in southern Africa has a relief exceeding 1000 m in places — and they typically separate distinct geomorphic environments .
by any standards these are significant morphological features — the great escarpment in southern africa has a relief [more than] 1000 m in places — and they typically separate distinct geomorphic environments .

The district judge may extend the period of four months for a further period or periods each not exceeding four months , if reasonable efforts have been made to serve the summons and provided that the application has been made before the preceding 12 months expire , or if later , in the court 's discretion ( Ord 7 , r 20 ( 2 ) ) .
the district judge may extend the period of four months for a further period or periods each not [more than] four months , if reasonable efforts have been made to serve the summons and provided that the application has been made before the preceding 12 months expire , or if later , in the court 's discretion ( ord 7 , r 20 ( 2 ) ) .

General words will be implied in all leases ( other than an agreement for lease for a term exceeding three years ( Borman v Griffith [ 1930 ] 1 Ch 493 ) ) unless a contrary intention appears in the lease .
general words will be implied in all leases ( other than an agreement for lease for a term [more than] three years ( borman v griffith [ 1930 ] 1 ch 493 ) ) unless a contrary intention appears in the lease .

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . example 2:13 right to display advertisement permitted by regulations the right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof example 2:14 right to display advertisement in prescribed form the right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not [more than] in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

However , unless the landlord and the tenant agree , the court can not order the grant of a term exceeding fourteen years ( ibid ) .
however , unless the landlord and the tenant agree , the court can not order the grant of a term [more than] fourteen years ( ibid ) .

Section 320 Companies Act 1985 provides that if a director of a company or its parent or holding company , or a person connected with him , enters into a contract with the company , under which the director or person connected with him agrees to purchase the company or assets ( other than cash ) of the company exceeding a certain value , then the contract must be approved in a general meeting by ordinary resolution .
section 320 companies act 1985 provides that if a director of a company or its parent or holding company , or a person connected with him , enters into a contract with the company , under which the director or person connected with him agrees to purchase the company or assets ( other than cash ) of the company [more than] a certain value , then the contract must be approved in a general meeting by ordinary resolution .

For example : After payment of the Preference Dividend and the Preferred Dividend payable in respect of each financial year of the Company ( including any Arrears of the same ) the Company shall [ subject to provisions of clause … of the facility agreement ] pay to the Ordinary Shareholders out of the balance of any profits available for distribution a non-cumulative dividend of such amount as the Company shall determine ( but not exceeding the amount recommended by the Directors such recommendation to include the consent of the Investors ' Director ) on the capital from time to time paid up or credited as paid up on each Ordinary Share .
for example : after payment of the preference dividend and the preferred dividend payable in respect of each financial year of the company ( including any arrears of the same ) the company shall [ subject to provisions of clause … of the facility agreement ] pay to the ordinary shareholders out of the balance of any profits available for distribution a non-cumulative dividend of such amount as the company shall determine ( but not [more than] the amount recommended by the directors such recommendation to include the consent of the investors ' director ) on the capital from time to time paid up or credited as paid up on each ordinary share .

Underground flooding was threatening to undermine Moscow , while inadequate storage of radioactive waste could lead to a catastrophe exceeding the scale of Chernobyl if it leaked into the Caspian Sea .
underground flooding was threatening to undermine moscow , while inadequate storage of radioactive waste could lead to a catastrophe [more than] the scale of chernobyl if it leaked into the caspian sea .

Discharges from refining and use of oil fell from 300,000 tonnes in 1980 to 60,000 tonnes in 1992 , exceeding targets for the reduction of emissions by 2000 .
discharges from refining and use of oil fell from 300,000 tonnes in 1980 to 60,000 tonnes in 1992 , [more than] targets for the reduction of emissions by 2000 .

Low-level ozone pollution — resulting from the reaction of exhaust gases with sunlight , is the principal culprit , with many parts of the country regularly exceeding the World Health Organization 's guideline safety level of 76-100 parts per billion ( ppb ) per hour .
low-level ozone pollution — resulting from the reaction of exhaust gases with sunlight , is the principal culprit , with many parts of the country regularly [more than] the world health organization 's guideline safety level of 76-100 parts per billion ( ppb ) per hour .

It would be exceeding its purposes if it were .
it would be [more than] its purposes if it were .

Sir Kenelm Digby , whose book of recipes collected from his contemporaries and friends has provided posterity with a graphic record of Stuart cookery , notes that he himself made a fine syllabub with syrup left over from the home-drying of plums ; being `` very quick of the fruit and very weak of sugar `` this syrup `` makes the Syllabub exceeding well tasted `` says Sir Kenelm .
sir kenelm digby , whose book of recipes collected from his contemporaries and friends has provided posterity with a graphic record of stuart cookery , notes that he himself made a fine syllabub with syrup left over from the home-drying of plums ; being `` very quick of the fruit and very weak of sugar `` this syrup `` makes the syllabub [more than] well tasted `` says sir kenelm .

In time , it was to take only three minutes from `` alarm `` to `` all ill `` — an impressive performance , especially with numbers exceeding 400 with the arrival of `` refugees `` from William Hulme 's Grammar School and the Manchester Grammar School .
in time , it was to take only three minutes from `` alarm `` to `` all ill `` — an impressive performance , especially with numbers [more than] 400 with the arrival of `` refugees `` from william hulme 's grammar school and the manchester grammar school .

He seized the assets of all those he held , doubtless exceeding his authority in cases of the very wealthy .
he seized the assets of all those he held , doubtless [more than] his authority in cases of the very wealthy .

The first attempt to tax the very rich a little more heavily was the introduction of death duties in 1889 , by which duty was levied on estates exceeding £10,000 in value .
the first attempt to tax the very rich a little more heavily was the introduction of death duties in 1889 , by which duty was levied on estates [more than] £10,000 in value .

Goods Vehicles with maximum mass exceeding 3.5 tonnes but tonnes not more than 7.5
goods vehicles with maximum mass [more than] 3.5 tonnes but tonnes not more than 7.5

Important matters exceeding the ambit of day-to-day business require a members ' resolution , and all resolutions must be entered in a ‘ Book of Resolutions ’ .
important matters [more than] the ambit of day-to-day business require a members ' resolution , and all resolutions must be entered in a ‘ book of resolutions ’ .

No trading licence may be issued to any company which has directly or indirectly interest in an already-existing security trading company exceeding 10 per cent ( provided the direct participation is not less than 5 per cent ) .
no trading licence may be issued to any company which has directly or indirectly interest in an already-existing security trading company [more than] 10 per cent ( provided the direct participation is not less than 5 per cent ) .

No existing trading company may acquire an interest exceeding 10 per cent in another security trading company .
no existing trading company may acquire an interest [more than] 10 per cent in another security trading company .

By 1948 another sharp increase to 19,765 had occurred , with the average daily population exceeding 20,000 in July of that year .
by 1948 another sharp increase to 19,765 had occurred , with the average daily population [more than] 20,000 in july of that year .

Increased public awareness of the dangers of exceeding the recommended dose of paracetamol might help , although this could paradoxically encourage more people to take an overdose .
increased public awareness of the dangers of [more than] the recommended dose of paracetamol might help , although this could paradoxically encourage more people to take an overdose .

Patients were selected from a group of 496 patients with insulin dependent diabetes who attended our clinic regularly , according to the following criteria : they were aged 18–60 , had insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of at least five years ' duration , had a stable body mass index not exceeding 30 kg/m , a glycated haemoglobin concentration of less than 10 % , were not hypertensive ( supine blood pressure less than 160/95 mm Hg and no antihypertensive treatment ) , had persistent microalbuminuria — that is , urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h at least twice during the previous six months — were not pregnant or wanting to be pregnant , and had no chronic disease other than diabetes .
patients were selected from a group of 496 patients with insulin dependent diabetes who attended our clinic regularly , according to the following criteria : they were aged 18–60 , had insulin dependent diabetes mellitus of at least five years ' duration , had a stable body mass index not [more than] 30 kg/m , a glycated haemoglobin concentration of less than 10 % , were not hypertensive ( supine blood pressure less than 160/95 mm hg and no antihypertensive treatment ) , had persistent microalbuminuria — that is , urinary albumin excretion between 30 and 300 mg/24 h at least twice during the previous six months — were not pregnant or wanting to be pregnant , and had no chronic disease other than diabetes .

Whereas in the 1780s she produced twice as much as her closest competitor , Great Britain , by the end of the Crimean War she had been overtaken by Belgium , France was exceeding her output threefold , and Britain no less than fourteenfold .
whereas in the 1780s she produced twice as much as her closest competitor , great britain , by the end of the crimean war she had been overtaken by belgium , france was [more than] her output threefold , and britain no less than fourteenfold .

The difference in success rates was marked , no success rate for decimals exceeding 15 per cent , and those for whole numbers ranging from 50 per cent to over 80 per cent .
the difference in success rates was marked , no success rate for decimals [more than] 15 per cent , and those for whole numbers ranging from 50 per cent to over 80 per cent .

During the 1920s the loss of population from rural parts of England and Wales was relatively gradual , only exceeding 5 per cent in upland Wales , northern England , and parts of Wiltshire and Suffolk .
during the 1920s the loss of population from rural parts of england and wales was relatively gradual , only [more than] 5 per cent in upland wales , northern england , and parts of wiltshire and suffolk .

In contrast , many retirement areas , such as the coasts of north Wales , north-west England , and Sussex , grew by virtue of continued in-migration exceeding natural decrease , itself a consequence of unbalanced age structure ( type 1 ) .
in contrast , many retirement areas , such as the coasts of north wales , north-west england , and sussex , grew by virtue of continued in-migration [more than] natural decrease , itself a consequence of unbalanced age structure ( type 1 ) .

More widespread was natural increase exceeding migration loss ( type 4 ) , such areas including most of the conurbations and older industrial areas , together with some less remote rural regions in south Wales , northern England , and southern Scotland .
more widespread was natural increase [more than] migration loss ( type 4 ) , such areas including most of the conurbations and older industrial areas , together with some less remote rural regions in south wales , northern england , and southern scotland .

There are primitive layers , even in modern Europeans who were then fighting the war , which mean that man has a capacity for brutality exceeding that of other animals .
there are primitive layers , even in modern europeans who were then fighting the war , which mean that man has a capacity for brutality [more than] that of other animals .

However , the early Carboniferous sediments in the East Midlands and Solway basins are mainly at depths exceeding 1 km except in the Northumberland Trough , east of Solway , where the facies are shallow water deltaic sandstones and carbonates .
however , the early carboniferous sediments in the east midlands and solway basins are mainly at depths [more than] 1 km except in the northumberland trough , east of solway , where the facies are shallow water deltaic sandstones and carbonates .

Stratabound pyrite mineralisation occurs in the Middle Dalradian Ben Lawers Schist Formation , and its lateral equivalents , over a strike length exceeding 50 km .
stratabound pyrite mineralisation occurs in the middle dalradian ben lawers schist formation , and its lateral equivalents , over a strike length [more than] 50 km .

Stratabound pyrite mineralisation occurs in thicknesses up to 200m over a strike length exceeding 50 km .
stratabound pyrite mineralisation occurs in thicknesses up to 200m over a strike length [more than] 50 km .

If such Caravan is disabled by reason of such loss or damage the Corporation will bear the reasonable cost of protection and removal to the nearest repairers but not exceeding in all 20% of the agreed cost of repairs .
if such caravan is disabled by reason of such loss or damage the corporation will bear the reasonable cost of protection and removal to the nearest repairers but not [more than] in all 20% of the agreed cost of repairs .

The Corporation will also pay the reasonable cost of delivery to the Policyholder after repair of such loss or damage not exceeding the reasonable cost of transport to the address of the Policyholder as last advised .
the corporation will also pay the reasonable cost of delivery to the policyholder after repair of such loss or damage not [more than] the reasonable cost of transport to the address of the policyholder as last advised .

Assuming that the Court is prepared to make an interim payment , the amount it is empowered to make is : — ‘ such as it thinks just , not exceeding a reasonable proportion of the damages which in the opinion of the Court are likely to be recovered by the pursuer ’ .
assuming that the court is prepared to make an interim payment , the amount it is empowered to make is : — ‘ such as it thinks just , not [more than] a reasonable proportion of the damages which in the opinion of the court are likely to be recovered by the pursuer ’ .

This Policy will be used for craft not exceeding 16 feet 6 inches ( 5 metres ) in length with a maximum designed speed not exceeding 52 miles per hour ( 45 knots ) The cover is of a ‘ Comprehensive ’ or ‘ All Risks ’ type .
this policy will be used for craft not [more than] 16 feet 6 inches ( 5 metres ) in length with a maximum designed speed not [more than] 52 miles per hour ( 45 knots ) the cover is of a ‘ comprehensive ’ or ‘ all risks ’ type .

2 , of the Policy provides cover whilst the craft is in most of the countries in Western Europe for a period not exceeding 31 consecutive days during any one period of insurance .
2 , of the policy provides cover whilst the craft is in most of the countries in western europe for a period not [more than] 31 consecutive days during any one period of insurance .

In addition , Medical Expenses cover is provided not exceeding $ 500 each claim where Policyholder and Spouse are injured in an accident involving the craft .
in addition , medical expenses cover is provided not [more than] $ 500 each claim where policyholder and spouse are injured in an accident involving the craft .

In addition , Medical Expenses cover is provided not exceeding $ 500 each claim where Policyholder and Spouse are injured in an accident involving the craft .
in addition , medical expenses cover is provided not [more than] $ 500 each claim where policyholder and spouse are injured in an accident involving the craft .

In the event of circumstances arising under 1 or 2 above which require the Insurers to notify the Society of the reduction or cancellation of cover the Insurers shall during the period from such reduction or cancellation until ten days after notification of the Society indemnify the Society against losses to the same extent as if cover had not been reduced or cancelled and if the Society shall within seven days of notification by the Insurers inform the Insurers that it wishes cover to continue on the same terms as if it had not been reduced or cancelled the Insurers shall indemnify the Society against losses on such terms for such period not exceeding six months as the Society shall specify and the Society shall be responsible for the payment of premium for such cover .
in the event of circumstances arising under 1 or 2 above which require the insurers to notify the society of the reduction or cancellation of cover the insurers shall during the period from such reduction or cancellation until ten days after notification of the society indemnify the society against losses to the same extent as if cover had not been reduced or cancelled and if the society shall within seven days of notification by the insurers inform the insurers that it wishes cover to continue on the same terms as if it had not been reduced or cancelled the insurers shall indemnify the society against losses on such terms for such period not [more than] six months as the society shall specify and the society shall be responsible for the payment of premium for such cover .

drive second family cars not exceeding 1600 cubic capacity
drive second family cars not [more than] 1600 cubic capacity

Improved budgetary control imposed after the unexpected deficit in the previous year has yielded a healthy surplus of £419,000 , well exceeding the target of £250,000 set by the University Court .
improved budgetary control imposed after the unexpected deficit in the previous year has yielded a healthy surplus of £419,000 , well [more than] the target of £250,000 set by the university court .

The overall student target for the School was exceeded with virtually every subject reaching or exceeding its target .
the overall student target for the school was exceeded with virtually every subject reaching or [more than] its target .

The problem for Scotland 's lawyers seems to be that they are now exceeding their clients ' expectations of the legal services , Neil Fitzgerald explains .
the problem for scotland 's lawyers seems to be that they are now [more than] their clients ' expectations of the legal services , neil fitzgerald explains .

The thesis , on an agreed topic not exceeding 60,000 words , may be either a piece of original research or a critical survey of advanced knowledge in a particular field .
the thesis , on an agreed topic not [more than] 60,000 words , may be either a piece of original research or a critical survey of advanced knowledge in a particular field .

The trade-off possibilities worsen because to the left of people 's expectations about inflation are falsified with the actual rate exceeding the expected rate .
the trade-off possibilities worsen because to the left of people 's expectations about inflation are falsified with the actual rate [more than] the expected rate .

These need not be specified in full as the Listing begins on or after the start string and finishes on or before the end string without exceeding the specified range .
these need not be specified in full as the listing begins on or after the start string and finishes on or before the end string without [more than] the specified range .

Examples include non-payment of a loan instrument , change in ownership of the project and exceeding a set level of total company debt .
examples include non-payment of a loan instrument , change in ownership of the project and [more than] a set level of total company debt .

The December figure brought the annual average for 1989 up to 10.6 per cent , exceeding the government 's target of 8 per cent .
the december figure brought the annual average for 1989 up to 10.6 per cent , [more than] the government 's target of 8 per cent .

On the economic front Alia 's proposals included encouraging initiative in enterprises and curtailing the role of central planning bodies ; paying bonuses to workers exceeding production targets ; allowing agricultural workers to sell surpluses at prices not fixed by the state ; curtailing artificial price fixing , by means of state subsidies , for all but essential goods ; and allowing people to build their own homes .
on the economic front alia 's proposals included encouraging initiative in enterprises and curtailing the role of central planning bodies ; paying bonuses to workers [more than] production targets ; allowing agricultural workers to sell surpluses at prices not fixed by the state ; curtailing artificial price fixing , by means of state subsidies , for all but essential goods ; and allowing people to build their own homes .

He had been specifically accused of exceeding his authority ( i ) on Oct. 28 , 1988 , when he ordered police to use water cannon and tear gas against anti-government protesters [ see p. 37093 ] ; and ( ii ) on Jan. 15 , 1989 , when he ordered that demonstrators who did not obey an appeal to disperse should be taken out of Prague and abandoned without personal documents 30-50 km from the city [ see also p. 36400 ] .
he had been specifically accused of [more than] his authority ( i ) on oct. 28 , 1988 , when he ordered police to use water cannon and tear gas against anti-government protesters [ see p. 37093 ] ; and ( ii ) on jan. 15 , 1989 , when he ordered that demonstrators who did not obey an appeal to disperse should be taken out of prague and abandoned without personal documents 30-50 km from the city [ see also p. 36400 ] .

Industry sources reported that many member states were exceeding their production quotas under the existing agreements , and that total output was actually around 23,700,000 bpd .
industry sources reported that many member states were [more than] their production quotas under the existing agreements , and that total output was actually around 23,700,000 bpd .

Rice production improved markedly during 1989 , with government economists at the December plenum forecasting rice harvests exceeding the 20,000,000-tonne production target set the previous year ( and compared with 17,600,000 tonnes harvested in 1987 ) .
rice production improved markedly during 1989 , with government economists at the december plenum forecasting rice harvests [more than] the 20,000,000-tonne production target set the previous year ( and compared with 17,600,000 tonnes harvested in 1987 ) .

We undertake to reimburse you upon your first written demand any sum or sums not exceeding a maximum aggregate amount of £ [ ] should [ client name ] fail to make available to you this sum within the stipulated date required by yourselves , but no later than [ date ] .
we undertake to reimburse you upon your first written demand any sum or sums not [more than] a maximum aggregate amount of £ [ ] should [ client name ] fail to make available to you this sum within the stipulated date required by yourselves , but no later than [ date ] .

The fountain was the centre-piece of the dairy , circled by a grey marble basin into which the water splashed with a mild exactitude , never exceeding the allowed space for its reception .
the fountain was the centre-piece of the dairy , circled by a grey marble basin into which the water splashed with a mild exactitude , never [more than] the allowed space for its reception .

He considered it more dangerous than any horse he had ever ridden , and drove it on a tight rein , seldom exceeding 35 m.p.h .
he considered it more dangerous than any horse he had ever ridden , and drove it on a tight rein , seldom [more than] 35 m.p.h .

( Someone suffering property damage not exceeding £275 may , of course , be able to claim for it in negligence or under the implied terms in the Sale of Goods Act ) .
( someone suffering property damage not [more than] £275 may , of course , be able to claim for it in negligence or under the implied terms in the sale of goods act ) .

He described it as ‘ a sort of mechanised private file and library in which an individual stores his books , records and communications , and which is mechanised so that it may be consulted with exceeding speed and flexibility ’ .
he described it as ‘ a sort of mechanised private file and library in which an individual stores his books , records and communications , and which is mechanised so that it may be consulted with [more than] speed and flexibility ’ .

Corn imports were already exceeding 1.5 million quarters by 1700 , while Faversham sent 353 ships in 1728 loaded with the hops and malting barley to be brewed with Newcastle coal .
corn imports were already [more than] 1.5 million quarters by 1700 , while faversham sent 353 ships in 1728 loaded with the hops and malting barley to be brewed with newcastle coal .

Motion made , and Question proposed , That a further sum not exceeding £1,680,076,000 be granted to Her Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund to defray the charges that will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st March 1992 for expenditure by the Department of Social Security on non-contributory retirement pensions , Christmas bonus payments to pensioners , pensions etc. , for disablement or death arising out of war or service in the armed forces after 2nd September 1939 and on sundry other services , on attendance allowances , invalid care allowance , severe disablement allowance , mobility allowance ; on pensions gratuities and sundry allowances for disablement and specified deaths arising from industrial causes ; on income support , transitional payment , child benefit , one parent benefit , family credit , and on the vaccine damage payment scheme .
motion made , and question proposed , that a further sum not [more than] £1,680,076,000 be granted to her majesty out of the consolidated fund to defray the charges that will come in course of payment during the year ending on 31st march 1992 for expenditure by the department of social security on non-contributory retirement pensions , christmas bonus payments to pensioners , pensions etc. , for disablement or death arising out of war or service in the armed forces after 2nd september 1939 and on sundry other services , on attendance allowances , invalid care allowance , severe disablement allowance , mobility allowance ; on pensions gratuities and sundry allowances for disablement and specified deaths arising from industrial causes ; on income support , transitional payment , child benefit , one parent benefit , family credit , and on the vaccine damage payment scheme .

increase , against a background of , probably , rising unemployment , growth not exceeding 2 per cent .
increase , against a background of , probably , rising unemployment , growth not [more than] 2 per cent .

There is an index to the schedules , but this has been criticized in connection with the inadequate size of its entry vocabulary , the number of entries in the index only exceeding those subjects listed in the schedules by about 25 per cent .
there is an index to the schedules , but this has been criticized in connection with the inadequate size of its entry vocabulary , the number of entries in the index only [more than] those subjects listed in the schedules by about 25 per cent .

In the county areas , however , responsibility for elementary education was given to non-county boroughs with a population exceeding 10,000 and urban districts with a population in excess of 20,000 .
in the county areas , however , responsibility for elementary education was given to non-county boroughs with a population [more than] 10,000 and urban districts with a population in excess of 20,000 .

Teachers have also found their pupils more able and willing to apply ‘ routine skills ’ to a level exceeding previous expectations .
teachers have also found their pupils more able and willing to apply ‘ routine skills ’ to a level [more than] previous expectations .

The Cortes had been opened in 1943 to ensure that `` the contrast of opinions `` remained within certain limits , but this was an action far exceeding those limits .
the cortes had been opened in 1943 to ensure that `` the contrast of opinions `` remained within certain limits , but this was an action far [more than] those limits .

Two very different types of plant are the giant redwood trees which can be up to or exceeding 100 metres in height and one celled algae in water .
two very different types of plant are the giant redwood trees which can be up to or [more than] 100 metres in height and one celled algae in water .

Nine of the 28 subjects were found to have been exceeding the speed limit on at least one of the four occasions .
nine of the 28 subjects were found to have been [more than] the speed limit on at least one of the four occasions .

Springfield Disposal completed its first full year of trading favourably , exceeding its budget with a significant contribution from electricity generation for the first time .
springfield disposal completed its first full year of trading favourably , [more than] its budget with a significant contribution from electricity generation for the first time .

We will achieve this be exceeding our customers ’ expectations not just leaving them ‘ satisfied ’ .
we will achieve this be [more than] our customers ’ expectations not just leaving them ‘ satisfied ’ .

Fifty years on , Wimpey Mining ( which was formed into a separate company in 1984 ) has evolved to become one of British Coal 's largest contractors , with production exceeding 1.7 million tonnes in 1992 .
fifty years on , wimpey mining ( which was formed into a separate company in 1984 ) has evolved to become one of british coal 's largest contractors , with production [more than] 1.7 million tonnes in 1992 .

This is not to imply that they are exceeding their disciplinary mandate in examining topics which might be said to belong to some other discipline ; simply that their interests in doing so are different .
this is not to imply that they are [more than] their disciplinary mandate in examining topics which might be said to belong to some other discipline ; simply that their interests in doing so are different .

The National Reconciliation Document encapsulating the Taif Accords , which had been ratified by the Lebanese parliament on Nov. 5 , 1989 , had stated that the Syrian forces would assist the Lebanese government `` to extend the authority of the Lebanese state within a limited period not exceeding two years after the ratification of the National Reconciliation Document , the election of the President of the Republic , the formation of the Government of Reconciliation and the adoption of the political reforms constitutionally `` .
the national reconciliation document encapsulating the taif accords , which had been ratified by the lebanese parliament on nov. 5 , 1989 , had stated that the syrian forces would assist the lebanese government `` to extend the authority of the lebanese state within a limited period not [more than] two years after the ratification of the national reconciliation document , the election of the president of the republic , the formation of the government of reconciliation and the adoption of the political reforms constitutionally `` .

Stepan Khmara , a Ukrainian Supreme Soviet deputy from the Ukrainian Republican Party , went on trial on May 14 in Kiev , on charges of exceeding his authority , hooliganism , damaging personal and state property and organizing mass disturbances .
stepan khmara , a ukrainian supreme soviet deputy from the ukrainian republican party , went on trial on may 14 in kiev , on charges of [more than] his authority , hooliganism , damaging personal and state property and organizing mass disturbances .

Doctors who performed illegal abortions would be subject to up to 10 years ' hard labour and fines not exceeding $ 100,000 .
doctors who performed illegal abortions would be subject to up to 10 years ' hard labour and fines not [more than] $ 100,000 .

The Democrats had changed the rules for their 1992 contest by allowing candidates to share the delegates sent to the nominating convention by each state in proportion their support , subject only to their exceeding a 15 per cent threshold .
the democrats had changed the rules for their 1992 contest by allowing candidates to share the delegates sent to the nominating convention by each state in proportion their support , subject only to their [more than] a 15 per cent threshold .

Many funds were promising substantial returns , in some cases up 10 times the invested value within a year , and for this reason the number of citizens choosing to place their investments with them exceeding predictions .
many funds were promising substantial returns , in some cases up 10 times the invested value within a year , and for this reason the number of citizens choosing to place their investments with them [more than] predictions .

At a Supreme Soviet session , Kenjayev had accused Interior Minister Mamadayez Navjuvanov of exceeding his authority .
at a supreme soviet session , kenjayev had accused interior minister mamadayez navjuvanov of [more than] his authority .

Owing to the won 's steep depreciation against the yen , South Korea 's trade deficit with Japan worsened in 1990 to its highest ever level , exceeding $ 5,000 million .
owing to the won 's steep depreciation against the yen , south korea 's trade deficit with japan worsened in 1990 to its highest ever level , [more than] $ 5,000 million .

Norway : the Storting 's ratification debate on Oct. 15-16 ended with a vote of 130 to 35 , exceeding the three-quarters majority necessary for approval .
norway : the storting 's ratification debate on oct. 15-16 ended with a vote of 130 to 35 , [more than] the three-quarters majority necessary for approval .

Do you not see that God has subjected to your use all things in the heavens and on earth and has made his bounties flow to you in exceeding measure , both seen and unseen ? ``
do you not see that god has subjected to your use all things in the heavens and on earth and has made his bounties flow to you in [more than] measure , both seen and unseen ? ``

54 ( 2 ) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall affect the creation by parol of leases taking effect in possession for a term not exceeding three years ( whether or not the lessee is given power to extend the term ) at the best rent which can be reasonably obtained without taking a fine .
54 ( 2 ) nothing in the foregoing provisions of this part of this act shall affect the creation by parol of leases taking effect in possession for a term not [more than] three years ( whether or not the lessee is given power to extend the term ) at the best rent which can be reasonably obtained without taking a fine .

It is often described as a supercooled liquid with a viscosity exceeding .
it is often described as a supercooled liquid with a viscosity [more than] .

This is partly because of the marked variability of colonic motor function and the short recording periods usually used , generally not exceeding three hours .
this is partly because of the marked variability of colonic motor function and the short recording periods usually used , generally not [more than] three hours .

This study confirms that patients with Barrett 's columnar lined lower oesophagus have a marked degree of acid gastrooesophageal reflux , considerably exceeding that seen in the majority of patients with erosive oesophagitis without columnarisation .
this study confirms that patients with barrett 's columnar lined lower oesophagus have a marked degree of acid gastrooesophageal reflux , considerably [more than] that seen in the majority of patients with erosive oesophagitis without columnarisation .

Chemotherapy was well tolerated and no cases of myelodyspastic syndromes were observed despite follow up exceeding two years in seven patients treated with alkylating agents .
chemotherapy was well tolerated and no cases of myelodyspastic syndromes were observed despite follow up [more than] two years in seven patients treated with alkylating agents .

Samples of all categories of pancreas , not exceeding 1 mm in volume , were fixed in 2 % glutaraldehyde for two hours .
samples of all categories of pancreas , not [more than] 1 mm in volume , were fixed in 2 % glutaraldehyde for two hours .

This does not mean that anyone has necessarily suffered a dose of radiation exceeding safety limits .
this does not mean that anyone has necessarily suffered a dose of radiation [more than] safety limits .

John Gibbons , a courtier , was fined £8,600 for exceeding the terms of his grant of land in the forest : between 1629 and 1634 he had , without warrant , cut down 4,000 oaks worth £1 apiece , spoiled certain coppices , and enclosed 94 acres .
john gibbons , a courtier , was fined £8,600 for [more than] the terms of his grant of land in the forest : between 1629 and 1634 he had , without warrant , cut down 4,000 oaks worth £1 apiece , spoiled certain coppices , and enclosed 94 acres .

When the overall dimensions have a ratio exceeding 7:1 .
when the overall dimensions have a ratio [more than] 7:1 .

To draw a parabola with an included angle exceeding 140° , draw two straight lines and mark on each a series of equal intervals .
to draw a parabola with an included angle [more than] 140° , draw two straight lines and mark on each a series of equal intervals .

Group numbers in dolphins may reach into the thousands and oceanic dolphins may gather in numbers exceeding 100,000 .
group numbers in dolphins may reach into the thousands and oceanic dolphins may gather in numbers [more than] 100,000 .

In 1988 , 30–40 Spanish vessels were operating out of Algeciras and Almeria , and according to some estimates , as many as 800 Italian and French drift-net vessels , with a total net length exceeding 15,000 km ( about 10,000 miles ) , were fishing in the Mediterranean .
in 1988 , 30–40 spanish vessels were operating out of algeciras and almeria , and according to some estimates , as many as 800 italian and french drift-net vessels , with a total net length [more than] 15,000 km ( about 10,000 miles ) , were fishing in the mediterranean .

The charge is 10p per £10 on sales of less than £100 , rising to £1 on sales — purchases not exceeding £250 and 50p for every subsequent £125 transaction .
the charge is 10p per £10 on sales of less than £100 , rising to £1 on sales — purchases not [more than] £250 and 50p for every subsequent £125 transaction .

While Mid-Glamorgan county council 's £2 million investment in the Cardiff-Aberdare Valley line has traffic exceeding expectations , it is having to buy three trains to get the Maesteg line re-opened , bringing its input to £3 million .
while mid-glamorgan county council 's £2 million investment in the cardiff-aberdare valley line has traffic [more than] expectations , it is having to buy three trains to get the maesteg line re-opened , bringing its input to £3 million .

As in the case of the sauropod dinosaurs they seem to have got bigger and bigger during the Cretaceous — some of these later pterosaurs are supposed to have had wing spans exceeding lo metres , which would make them almost comparable to a man-made glider .
as in the case of the sauropod dinosaurs they seem to have got bigger and bigger during the cretaceous — some of these later pterosaurs are supposed to have had wing spans [more than] lo metres , which would make them almost comparable to a man-made glider .

This is particularly fortunate , because teeth have a high fossilization potential , exceeding that of other parts of the skeleton .
this is particularly fortunate , because teeth have a high fossilization potential , [more than] that of other parts of the skeleton .

The remaining covers apply for the duration of the booked holiday plus the period of travel from home to departure point and back home afterwards not exceeding 24 hours in each case .
the remaining covers apply for the duration of the booked holiday plus the period of travel from home to departure point and back home afterwards not [more than] 24 hours in each case .

We recommend our insurance as providing adequate cover for normal requirements , but it is your responsibility to arrange additional cover exceeding the maximum amounts payable under our policy , or providing cover for addition areas of liability if require .
we recommend our insurance as providing adequate cover for normal requirements , but it is your responsibility to arrange additional cover [more than] the maximum amounts payable under our policy , or providing cover for addition areas of liability if require .

Most of the land area was classified as ‘ very exposed ’ , with average wind speeds of 12–15.5 knots , but only the highest summit areas were ‘ extremely exposed ’ , with average wind speeds exceeding 15.5 knots ( 8m/s ) .
most of the land area was classified as ‘ very exposed ’ , with average wind speeds of 12–15.5 knots , but only the highest summit areas were ‘ extremely exposed ’ , with average wind speeds [more than] 15.5 knots ( 8m/s ) .

At the year end the combined membership reached 308 thus exceeding the magic 300 , yet the trading surplus was only £15 , with a mere £130 on capital account , although new greens at the 6th and 8th had been laid out at some cost .
at the year end the combined membership reached 308 thus [more than] the magic 300 , yet the trading surplus was only £15 , with a mere £130 on capital account , although new greens at the 6th and 8th had been laid out at some cost .

Cared for properly , these frames can have a lifespan greatly exceeding softwood .
cared for properly , these frames can have a lifespan greatly [more than] softwood .

One of the country 's foremost insurance underwriters , with roots dating back to 1720 and currently handles assets exceeding £8,500 million , Guardian Royal Exchange has an excellent reputation for courteous and prompt service .
one of the country 's foremost insurance underwriters , with roots dating back to 1720 and currently handles assets [more than] £8,500 million , guardian royal exchange has an excellent reputation for courteous and prompt service .

Before any options are granted to replace those which have already been exercised and which would result in the total value of options granted to an individual under the Scheme ( including options which have been exercised ) exceeding four times his annual remuneration , the Committee will satisfy itself that the grant of such options is justified by the performance of the Company in the previous two to three years .
before any options are granted to replace those which have already been exercised and which would result in the total value of options granted to an individual under the scheme ( including options which have been exercised ) [more than] four times his annual remuneration , the committee will satisfy itself that the grant of such options is justified by the performance of the company in the previous two to three years .

Three of the –e wards which make up Easton have a proportion exceeding 500/0 of households with no car ; one of these wards is above the average for the general area at 53.5 per cent of households .
three of the –e wards which make up easton have a proportion [more than] 500/0 of households with no car ; one of these wards is above the average for the general area at 53.5 per cent of households .

To be effective for tax purposes a Deed of Covenant has to turn for a period capable to exceeding three years .
to be effective for tax purposes a deed of covenant has to turn for a period capable to [more than] three years .

The seaside photographer who promises ‘ Memories to treasure ’ with every happy snap might have been present at every major golfing occasion in the Eighties as the players of the age showed their capacity for repeating and exceeding the highwater marks of the very recent past .
the seaside photographer who promises ‘ memories to treasure ’ with every happy snap might have been present at every major golfing occasion in the eighties as the players of the age showed their capacity for repeating and [more than] the highwater marks of the very recent past .

People of independent means with assets exceeding £150,000 and an annual income exceeding £15,000 per year who have a close connection with Britain can make an application .
people of independent means with assets [more than] £150,000 and an annual income [more than] £15,000 per year who have a close connection with britain can make an application .

Those with assets exceeding £500,000 can also apply , as can businessmen willing to invest over £150,000 and create new employment .
those with assets [more than] £500,000 can also apply , as can businessmen willing to invest over £150,000 and create new employment .

Mr David Howell , Tory chairman of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee , said the scheme must ‘ anchor ’ people in the colony because any loss of confidence could lead to an immigration flood exceeding ‘ the worst fears ’ of many of his backbench colleagues .
mr david howell , tory chairman of the foreign affairs select committee , said the scheme must ‘ anchor ’ people in the colony because any loss of confidence could lead to an immigration flood [more than] ‘ the worst fears ’ of many of his backbench colleagues .

First gear , for example , gives over 60mph without exceeding 6000rpm , and around the peak of the torque curve a 20mph increase takes less than 2secs .
first gear , for example , gives over 60mph without [more than] 6000rpm , and around the peak of the torque curve a 20mph increase takes less than 2secs .

Ninety per cent of the houses built in the inter-war period were of low rateable value , not exceeding £26 ( £35 in Greater London ) .
ninety per cent of the houses built in the inter-war period were of low rateable value , not [more than] £26 ( £35 in greater london ) .

And when they saw the star , they rejoiced with exceeding great joy .
and when they saw the star , they rejoiced with [more than] great joy .

Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold ,
[more than] peace had made ben adhem bold ,

The usual rule is that the tax is imposed only on income exceeding about three times the average net personal income per worker in the social sector of the given republic or province .
the usual rule is that the tax is imposed only on income [more than] about three times the average net personal income per worker in the social sector of the given republic or province .

Apart from the strain on accommodation and feed stocks , having to keep dairy cattle on instead of selling them as planned means exceeding milk quota , possibly at great cost .
apart from the strain on accommodation and feed stocks , having to keep dairy cattle on instead of selling them as planned means [more than] milk quota , possibly at great cost .

In the final analysis there would be a dramatic decline in population , with deaths exceeding births — a foretaste of which had occurred in the early 1930s .
in the final analysis there would be a dramatic decline in population , with deaths [more than] births — a foretaste of which had occurred in the early 1930s .

They also demand skills at least equal to , if not exceeding , the level of skill demanded of the cook , process worker or retail assistant .
they also demand skills at least equal to , if not [more than] , the level of skill demanded of the cook , process worker or retail assistant .

The effect of having detergent ‘ on tap ’ on cleaning economics can be drastic with costs through over-use usually far exceeding the advantages of bulk buying .
the effect of having detergent ‘ on tap ’ on cleaning economics can be drastic with costs through over-use usually far [more than] the advantages of bulk buying .

He showed every sign of inheriting and perhaps exceeding , his father 's acute intelligence , which made him an exhaustingly curious and argumentative child .
he showed every sign of inheriting and perhaps [more than] , his father 's acute intelligence , which made him an exhaustingly curious and argumentative child .

Finally , we should note the healthy expansion in the number of women candidates — exceeding 25 % for the first time in the metropolitan authorities .
finally , we should note the healthy expansion in the number of women candidates — [more than] 25 % for the first time in the metropolitan authorities .

Virtually everywhere from the Highlands to London 's suburbs , main line and local , passenger trains were steadily busier , the total number carried exceeding that of pre-Beeching days when the system was much larger .
virtually everywhere from the highlands to london 's suburbs , main line and local , passenger trains were steadily busier , the total number carried [more than] that of pre-beeching days when the system was much larger .

Fortunately not only did growth return but on a scale far exceeding expectations .
fortunately not only did growth return but on a scale far [more than] expectations .

’ Standing a mere 30 inches , the faun amazed Sotheby 's and dealers by far exceeding its £1-£1,500,000 estimate .
’ standing a mere 30 inches , the faun amazed sotheby 's and dealers by far [more than] its £1-£1,500,000 estimate .

He explained , ‘ Successful disposal of high-level waste requires total isolation from the biosphere for hundreds of thousands of years , time-spans exceeding by a huge factor anything within our technological experience .
he explained , ‘ successful disposal of high-level waste requires total isolation from the biosphere for hundreds of thousands of years , time-spans [more than] by a huge factor anything within our technological experience .

The police had , over a period exceeding 24 hours , interviewed this young man four times without obtaining a confession from him in respect of the robbery .
the police had , over a period [more than] 24 hours , interviewed this young man four times without obtaining a confession from him in respect of the robbery .

Basalts can also form large volume flows , in some cases exceeding twenty-four cubic kilometres , but because they are so much thinner , they are not so conspicuous and do n't attract attention .
basalts can also form large volume flows , in some cases [more than] twenty-four cubic kilometres , but because they are so much thinner , they are not so conspicuous and do n't attract attention .

The whole nation now exceedingly alarmed by the French fleet braving our coast even to the very Thames mouth ; our fleet commanded by debauched young men , and likewise inferior in force , giving way to the enemy , to our exceeding reproach ; God of his mercy defend this poor … nation .
the whole nation now exceedingly alarmed by the french fleet braving our coast even to the very thames mouth ; our fleet commanded by debauched young men , and likewise inferior in force , giving way to the enemy , to our [more than] reproach ; god of his mercy defend this poor … nation .

With the approach of war , the children responded to the danger by working more closely as a group , by exceeding their targets for filling sandbags , and by camouflaging their tents with foliage .
with the approach of war , the children responded to the danger by working more closely as a group , by [more than] their targets for filling sandbags , and by camouflaging their tents with foliage .

For example , an employer who envisages having to slim down his work-force in the future , perhaps after introducing new technology , may offer those who are prepared to resign rather than to wait to volunteer for redundancy a financial inducement , perhaps exceeding state redundancy pay .
for example , an employer who envisages having to slim down his work-force in the future , perhaps after introducing new technology , may offer those who are prepared to resign rather than to wait to volunteer for redundancy a financial inducement , perhaps [more than] state redundancy pay .

The Western Electric system was thoroughly thought out , with a performance exceeding acoustic cutters by two-and-a-half octaves and almost unlimited amplification .
the western electric system was thoroughly thought out , with a performance [more than] acoustic cutters by two-and-a-half octaves and almost unlimited amplification .

Power to enter private premises at all reasonable hours , on production of a duly authorised document , if requested , is given to environmental health officers to enable them to carry out their duties under the Acts , and any person who wilfully obstructs an officer in the execution of his duty shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50 .
power to enter private premises at all reasonable hours , on production of a duly authorised document , if requested , is given to environmental health officers to enable them to carry out their duties under the acts , and any person who wilfully obstructs an officer in the execution of his duty shall be liable to a fine not [more than] £50 .

‘ Any person who owns premises within a borough or urban district , or ‘ certain rural districts or contributory places ’ … establishes , without the consent of the local authority , any offensive trade as hereinafter defined shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £400 ’ .
‘ any person who owns premises within a borough or urban district , or ‘ certain rural districts or contributory places ’ … establishes , without the consent of the local authority , any offensive trade as hereinafter defined shall be liable to a fine not [more than] £400 ’ .

‘ Any person who on any premises — as aforesaid , carries on an offensive trade without such consent , if any , as at the date of establishment of the trade was required by subsection ( 1 ) of this section … shall be liable for a fine not exceeding £5 for every day on which he carried on the trade — after receiving notice from the local authority to discontinue the trade ’ .
‘ any person who on any premises — as aforesaid , carries on an offensive trade without such consent , if any , as at the date of establishment of the trade was required by subsection ( 1 ) of this section … shall be liable for a fine not [more than] £5 for every day on which he carried on the trade — after receiving notice from the local authority to discontinue the trade ’ .

Breach of this section renders the offender liable to a fine not exceeding £2000 .
breach of this section renders the offender liable to a fine not [more than] £2000 .

Defences are provided by s.1 ( 3 ) ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) and ( d ) , but should they prove unsuccessful an emission will amount to an offence punishable by a fine not exceeding £400 in the case of a private chimney and £2000 in the case of any other chimney .
defences are provided by s.1 ( 3 ) ( a ) ( b ) ( c ) and ( d ) , but should they prove unsuccessful an emission will amount to an offence punishable by a fine not [more than] £400 in the case of a private chimney and £2000 in the case of any other chimney .

the burning of rubbish on industrial premises , may find this provision useful , rendering the occupier of the premises liable on summary conviction to a fine not exceeding £1000 .
the burning of rubbish on industrial premises , may find this provision useful , rendering the occupier of the premises liable on summary conviction to a fine not [more than] £1000 .

Non-compliance with the licence conditions is a criminal offence and would result in a fine not exceeding £1000 on summary conviction , or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years , or a fine or both .
non-compliance with the licence conditions is a criminal offence and would result in a fine not [more than] £1000 on summary conviction , or on conviction on indictment to imprisonment for a term not [more than] two years , or a fine or both .

Exceeding the time limit
[more than] the time limit

Since the abolition of direct imprisonment for debts not exceeding £20 , the Insolvent Debtors Court and , after its abolition , the Bankruptcy Court in London and the county courts in the provinces , had possessed the power of imprisonment for forty days or less upon proof of means to pay or fraud .
since the abolition of direct imprisonment for debts not [more than] £20 , the insolvent debtors court and , after its abolition , the bankruptcy court in london and the county courts in the provinces , had possessed the power of imprisonment for forty days or less upon proof of means to pay or fraud .

Control authorities may respond by increasing the dose of insecticide , but they run the risk of exceeding ‘ safe ’ dosages and increasing environmental contamination .
control authorities may respond by increasing the dose of insecticide , but they run the risk of [more than] ‘ safe ’ dosages and increasing environmental contamination .

1781 so Benin alloys exceeding 30 per cent of zinc must be later than this date .
1781 so benin alloys [more than] 30 per cent of zinc must be later than this date .

The question of whether an authority is exceeding its power in imposing a particular condition on a planning permission — ultra vires , as the law puts it — and what happens when ultra vires , is easily stated but difficult to determine in practice .
the question of whether an authority is [more than] its power in imposing a particular condition on a planning permission — ultra vires , as the law puts it — and what happens when ultra vires , is easily stated but difficult to determine in practice .

The trouble with all these lines is that when you get to a length exceeding about fifty miles ( 80km ) , the curvature of the Earth begins to become significant : a straight line on the map is not necessarily a straight line on the ground .
the trouble with all these lines is that when you get to a length [more than] about fifty miles ( 80km ) , the curvature of the earth begins to become significant : a straight line on the map is not necessarily a straight line on the ground .

201 & 68 , but do n't be , for the exceeding purity of Dame ‘ Bella 's ’ voice overcomes all .
201 & 68 , but do n't be , for the [more than] purity of dame ‘ bella 's ’ voice overcomes all .

Ares-Serono reported a 15 per cent increase in turnover during 1991 , to SFr1071m ( £1=SFr2.55 ) , exceeding industry averages .
ares-serono reported a 15 per cent increase in turnover during 1991 , to sfr1071m ( £1=sfr2.55 ) , [more than] industry averages .

Spring passage is also quite slight , numbers rarely exceeding about 10 birds in any spring .
spring passage is also quite slight , numbers rarely [more than] about 10 birds in any spring .

Grant awarding bodies will be notified before the end of the Spring Term of the exact period of required attendance for courses exceeding 213 days .
grant awarding bodies will be notified before the end of the spring term of the exact period of required attendance for courses [more than] 213 days .

Persons who are unable to satisfy the conditions for enrolment at the appropriate time , being the time laid down by the Senate under Section 3 , may at the discretion of the Senate be provisionally enrolled for such period not exceeding three months as may be authorised by or on behalf of the Senate .
persons who are unable to satisfy the conditions for enrolment at the appropriate time , being the time laid down by the senate under section 3 , may at the discretion of the senate be provisionally enrolled for such period not [more than] three months as may be authorised by or on behalf of the senate .

It was well covered in popular periodicals , and The Illustrated London News produced a series of articles and illustrations of the prize-winning schemes , far exceeding the leading professional journals , The Builder and The Building News , in the extent of its illustrations .
it was well covered in popular periodicals , and the illustrated london news produced a series of articles and illustrations of the prize-winning schemes , far [more than] the leading professional journals , the builder and the building news , in the extent of its illustrations .

Habershon 's scheme was only eleventh on Angell and Pownall 's and it did not appear at all on Burn s , g while Rochead and Dwyer 's schemes were both rejected by Angell and Pownall for slightly exceeding the stipulated site .
habershon 's scheme was only eleventh on angell and pownall 's and it did not appear at all on burn s , g while rochead and dwyer 's schemes were both rejected by angell and pownall for slightly [more than] the stipulated site .

Those vouchers which would be reviewed included ( 1 ) all vouchers exceeding $ 2,500 and ( 2 ) a random sample selected from all vouchers for $ 2,500 or less .
those vouchers which would be reviewed included ( 1 ) all vouchers [more than] $ 2,500 and ( 2 ) a random sample selected from all vouchers for $ 2,500 or less .

We recorded 788 actions taken in response to our recommendations to improve how the federal government operates , a number far exceeding that of the preceding 3 years as illustrated in the following graphic .
we recorded 788 actions taken in response to our recommendations to improve how the federal government operates , a number far [more than] that of the preceding 3 years as illustrated in the following graphic .

Projected growth in Medicare reflects the escalation of health care costs at rates well exceeding general rates of inflation .
projected growth in medicare reflects the escalation of health care costs at rates well [more than] general rates of inflation .

The sea urchin , Arbacia punctulata , test requires control egg fertilization equal to or exceeding 70 % .
the sea urchin , arbacia punctulata , test requires control egg fertilization equal to or [more than] 70 % .

After the conclusion of the auction , the Administrator will return payment to unsuccessful bidders and the appropriate portion of payment to successful bidders who offered to purchase a larger amount of allowances than the amount that they are sold or to pay a bid price exceeding the sales price and will add any unsold allowances to the next relevant auction .
after the conclusion of the auction , the administrator will return payment to unsuccessful bidders and the appropriate portion of payment to successful bidders who offered to purchase a larger amount of allowances than the amount that they are sold or to pay a bid price [more than] the sales price and will add any unsold allowances to the next relevant auction .

By law , subclasses of domestic mail must produce revenues equal to or exceeding attributable costs .
by law , subclasses of domestic mail must produce revenues equal to or [more than] attributable costs .

A recent publication describes the age-specific proportion of children in the United States with anti-type-14 polysaccharide antibody concentration exceeding the putative protective concentration of 0.2 μg/ml ( Figure 3 of [ 9 ] ) .
a recent publication describes the age-specific proportion of children in the united states with anti-type-14 polysaccharide antibody concentration [more than] the putative protective concentration of 0.2 μg/ml ( figure 3 of [ 9 ] ) .

Kass retorted that science is n't like that : modest success tends to place the bit between our teeth and can often result in advances far exceeding our expectations .
kass retorted that science is n't like that : modest success tends to place the bit between our teeth and can often result in advances far [more than] our expectations .

R & D costs are very poorly known , with the published estimates quoting uncertainties exceeding $ 100 to $ 500 million per drug .
r & d costs are very poorly known , with the published estimates quoting uncertainties [more than] $ 100 to $ 500 million per drug .

November 16 , 1990 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Dr. Name : This has been an eventful year for the School of Nursing -the official closing of a very successful 75th Anniversary Celebration in April , a record enrollment exceeding 5,000 students system-wide and a host of other new developments .
november 16 , 1990 name address city , st zip dear dr. name : this has been an eventful year for the school of nursing -the official closing of a very successful 75th anniversary celebration in april , a record enrollment [more than] 5,000 students system-wide and a host of other new developments .

With self-determination , pursuit of excellence and a love affair with skiing , Miyares went from a bumbling beginner on the bunny ( low and slow beginner ) slope to exceeding 63 miles per hour to rank as the number one B-1 ( totally blind ) downhill skier in the world .
with self-determination , pursuit of excellence and a love affair with skiing , miyares went from a bumbling beginner on the bunny ( low and slow beginner ) slope to [more than] 63 miles per hour to rank as the number one b-1 ( totally blind ) downhill skier in the world .

She proposed that Bush simply be `` underwhelming , '' making one moderately serious gaffe to fuel concerns about his preparedness for office while also `` exceeding expectations . ''
she proposed that bush simply be `` underwhelming , '' making one moderately serious gaffe to fuel concerns about his preparedness for office while also `` [more than] expectations . ''

As measured in July-September , the rate was 3.3 percent , up from 1.8 % in the second quarter ( and far exceeding the 2 % gain the NYT reports was forecast by Wall Street ) .
as measured in july-september , the rate was 3.3 percent , up from 1.8 % in the second quarter ( and far [more than] the 2 % gain the nyt reports was forecast by wall street ) .

An editor , like a candidate , must limit expectations so that she can impress everyone by exceeding them .
an editor , like a candidate , must limit expectations so that she can impress everyone by [more than] them .

Some of the findings : Fifty-two percent are male , 42 percent are between the ages of 18 and 34 , 39 percent have yearly household incomes exceeding $ 75,000 , and 88 percent are white .
some of the findings : fifty-two percent are male , 42 percent are between the ages of 18 and 34 , 39 percent have yearly household incomes [more than] $ 75,000 , and 88 percent are white .

At 5.5 million square miles , Antarctica is the fifth largest continent ( Australia and Europe are smaller ) , but its forbidding climate has kept the population from exceeding 4,000 .
at 5.5 million square miles , antarctica is the fifth largest continent ( australia and europe are smaller ) , but its forbidding climate has kept the population from [more than] 4,000 .

It went on to note `` that India 's own record on human rights has been appalling , with the complaints registered with the National Human Rights Commission exceeding 30,000 last year . ''
it went on to note `` that india 's own record on human rights has been appalling , with the complaints registered with the national human rights commission [more than] 30,000 last year . ''

Stakhanov was a Soviet miner famous for regularly exceeding his quotas .
stakhanov was a soviet miner famous for regularly [more than] his quotas .

Stakhanov was a Soviet miner famous for regularly exceeding his quotas .
stakhanov was a soviet miner famous for regularly [more than] his quotas .

With the consumer trade book category exceeding $ 10 billion in 1997 in retail dollars the stakes are now too high not to begin to fine-tune the marketing mix .
with the consumer trade book category [more than] $ 10 billion in 1997 in retail dollars the stakes are now too high not to begin to fine-tune the marketing mix .

It 's small , rarely exceeding 8 inches .
it 's small , rarely [more than] 8 inches .

Meanwhile , the New York Times reported that nearly 200 partners in Goldman , Sachs will collect at least $ 4 million in bonuses this month and that a thousand Wall Street executives are expected to get bonuses exceeding $ 1 million .
meanwhile , the new york times reported that nearly 200 partners in goldman , sachs will collect at least $ 4 million in bonuses this month and that a thousand wall street executives are expected to get bonuses [more than] $ 1 million .

Dallas is beginning its third straight week of temperatures exceeding 100 degrees .
dallas is beginning its third straight week of temperatures [more than] 100 degrees .

Clearly , for at least 15 or 16 percent ( i.e. , the proportion of unhappy people exceeding the `` naturally unhappy '' baseline of 5 or 6 percent ) , the lack of money buys unhappiness .
clearly , for at least 15 or 16 percent ( i.e. , the proportion of unhappy people [more than] the `` naturally unhappy '' baseline of 5 or 6 percent ) , the lack of money buys unhappiness .

The NYT front reports that preliminary figures suggest that Internet commerce really arrived this Christmas season , finally exceeding the hype .
the nyt front reports that preliminary figures suggest that internet commerce really arrived this christmas season , finally [more than] the hype .

Now to Him that giveth and taketh away and doeth exceeding great good to all that loveth Him and doeth his will willy-nilly , may the words of my mouth and the meditations of mine heart be acceptable to all of you and to both of you this day and henceforth forever , Amen .
now to him that giveth and taketh away and doeth [more than] great good to all that loveth him and doeth his will willy-nilly , may the words of my mouth and the meditations of mine heart be acceptable to all of you and to both of you this day and henceforth forever , amen .

That not being the case , certain names are in because the people and places are well known , some are in because they belong to categories , like presidents of the United States , world capitals , all places with a population exceeding x thousand , and so on .
that not being the case , certain names are in because the people and places are well known , some are in because they belong to categories , like presidents of the united states , world capitals , all places with a population [more than] x thousand , and so on .

Any person committing a breach of this Bylaw shall be liable to a penalty not exceeding one pound .
any person committing a breach of this bylaw shall be liable to a penalty not [more than] one pound .

