A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' .
a member of the united nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the organization shall have no vote in the general assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or [is more than] the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' .

procedures change rapidly and parental confidence probably exceeds anything warranted by established psychological theory .
procedures change rapidly and parental confidence probably [is more than] anything warranted by established psychological theory .

In spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the Af incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if N exceeds about six .
in spite of the dreams of the host for oneness in the group , the af incoming messages for each guest overload his receiving system beyond comprehension if n [is more than] about six .

they are the most valuable of commodities -- and the most salable , for their demand far exceeds supply .
they are the most valuable of commodities -- and the most salable , for their demand far [is more than] supply .

The royalty applies to both principal and interest , but it never exceeds 5 percent .
the royalty applies to both principal and interest , but it never [is more than] 5 percent .

( Each State's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year , which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds $23,000,000 , must be reduced by the amount of the excess .
( each state's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year , which [is more than] its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted [is more than] $23,000,000 , must be reduced by the amount of the excess .

As an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure : girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion .
as an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which [is more than] four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure : girl 2 had a delayed onset and further delayed completion .

Some vocational training schools provide such training , but the current need exceeds the facilities .
some vocational training schools provide such training , but the current need [is more than] the facilities .

High-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument exceeds the limits of practicability .
high-gain , photoelectronic image intensification is applied under conditions of low incident light levels whenever the integration time required by a sensor or recording instrument [is more than] the limits of practicability .

It far exceeds its author 's jurisdiction , since it contravenes fundamental principles of Islamic law .
it far [is more than] its author 's jurisdiction , since it contravenes fundamental principles of islamic law .

But Mr Fallon claimed most war disability pensions were tax free : ‘ They are only taxed if pensioners ’ income exceeds £4,000 a year . ’
but mr fallon claimed most war disability pensions were tax free : ‘ they are only taxed if pensioners ’ income [is more than] £4,000 a year . ’

For ( a ) , and so that , as before , the answer is correctly evaluated as 2 since no number exceeds six decimal figures of precision .
for ( a ) , and so that , as before , the answer is correctly evaluated as 2 since no number [is more than] six decimal figures of precision .

If the growth of labour costs exceeds that of productivity , the profit share is squeezed .
if the growth of labour costs [is more than] that of productivity , the profit share is squeezed .

This figure exceeds the annual growth in the labour force during the boom by a factor of more than four .
this figure [is more than] the annual growth in the labour force during the boom by a factor of more than four .

Currently one in workers suffers from depression in Northern Ireland , and absenteeism because of the condition exceeds that even for ulcers , diabetes , high blood pressure or arthritis .
currently one in workers suffers from depression in northern ireland , and absenteeism because of the condition [is more than] that even for ulcers , diabetes , high blood pressure or arthritis .

Well , we hoped to do well , but er that definitely exceeds our best hopes .
well , we hoped to do well , but er that definitely [is more than] our best hopes .

The inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer ‘ current ’ , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves ‘ at binding ’ exceeds by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to bind them .
the inconvenience which this causes can normally be reduced only by delaying the binding of serial parts until they can be considered to be no longer ‘ current ’ , or by ensuring that the time which they spend off the shelves ‘ at binding ’ [is more than] by as small a margin as possible the time required physically to bind them .

Estimates suggest that the annual world market for services exceeds £750 billion .
estimates suggest that the annual world market for services [is more than] £750 billion .

This means that in a situation where saving exceeds investment , so that aggregate demand is less than the total value of production , firms will reduce output and lay off workers .
this means that in a situation where saving [is more than] investment , so that aggregate demand is less than the total value of production , firms will reduce output and lay off workers .

The hypothesis has this characteristic because the consumption line cuts the vertical axis at some positive point ( that is to say , consumption spending actually exceeds income at very low levels of income ) .
the hypothesis has this characteristic because the consumption line cuts the vertical axis at some positive point ( that is to say , consumption spending actually [is more than] income at very low levels of income ) .

It follows from the above examples that profit-maximising firms , operating under conditions of certainty , will invest in projects where the rate of return on the investment exceeds the market rate of interest .
it follows from the above examples that profit-maximising firms , operating under conditions of certainty , will invest in projects where the rate of return on the investment [is more than] the market rate of interest .

Entrance Bursaries are not normally available to applicants whose family income exceeds the Assisted Place ceiling .
entrance bursaries are not normally available to applicants whose family income [is more than] the assisted place ceiling .

For signals of ultra-high radio frequency , on the other hand , say , 300 MHz , the air wavelength is 100 cm and the distributed nature of the line needs to be taken into account whenever its length exceeds around 1 cm .
for signals of ultra-high radio frequency , on the other hand , say , 300 mhz , the air wavelength is 100 cm and the distributed nature of the line needs to be taken into account whenever its length [is more than] around 1 cm .

In a free market economy , supply normally exceeds demand ( assuming no artificial shortages ) and , as a result , companies use various promotional tactics in an attempt to attract more customers .
in a free market economy , supply normally [is more than] demand ( assuming no artificial shortages ) and , as a result , companies use various promotional tactics in an attempt to attract more customers .

Because supply normally exceeds demand for the bulk of consumer goods , there has been a massive increase in advertising and other forms of promotion in an attempt to induce brand loyalty ; the faster-moving forms of consumer goods are pre-sold to the consumer by means of ‘ pull ’ promotional strategies .
because supply normally [is more than] demand for the bulk of consumer goods , there has been a massive increase in advertising and other forms of promotion in an attempt to induce brand loyalty ; the faster-moving forms of consumer goods are pre-sold to the consumer by means of ‘ pull ’ promotional strategies .

When the amount exported exceeds the amount imported the country is said to have a favourable balance of trade or a trade surplus .
when the amount exported [is more than] the amount imported the country is said to have a favourable balance of trade or a trade surplus .

If the import of goods exceeds exports then the country is said to have an adverse balance of trade or a trading deficit .
if the import of goods [is more than] exports then the country is said to have an adverse balance of trade or a trading deficit .

If a signal falls below this level , the gate shuts ; if it exceeds it , the gate opens .
if a signal falls below this level , the gate shuts ; if it [is more than] it , the gate opens .

Their ability to thrive in these conditions is due to both their resistance to pollution and their rapid rate of growth , which far exceeds that of stony corals , and can be observed even in aquaria .
their ability to thrive in these conditions is due to both their resistance to pollution and their rapid rate of growth , which far [is more than] that of stony corals , and can be observed even in aquaria .

If , objectively , corporate crime is the more serious , in the sense that more people are avoidably killed , maimed , and robbed and that the last of these aggregated far exceeds the value of ‘ conventional ’ theft , then that in itself would justify prioritizing its study .
if , objectively , corporate crime is the more serious , in the sense that more people are avoidably killed , maimed , and robbed and that the last of these aggregated far [is more than] the value of ‘ conventional ’ theft , then that in itself would justify prioritizing its study .

The British government in 1980 felt that the problem of social security fraud was large enough to justify introducing 1,000 new inspectors ; yet it is hard to see how this problem exceeds that of the health , safety , and welfare of the workforce for whom there are only 900 inspectors .
the british government in 1980 felt that the problem of social security fraud was large enough to justify introducing 1,000 new inspectors ; yet it is hard to see how this problem [is more than] that of the health , safety , and welfare of the workforce for whom there are only 900 inspectors .

This incapacitates them temporarily ; whilst imprisoned they can not victimize the public , although they do continue to victimize other prisoners , sometimes at a rate that exceeds community crime levels .
this incapacitates them temporarily ; whilst imprisoned they can not victimize the public , although they do continue to victimize other prisoners , sometimes at a rate that [is more than] community crime levels .

The amount of basic salary which exceeds that which the employee would have received at home as a pensionable salary is termed an overseas allowance .
the amount of basic salary which [is more than] that which the employee would have received at home as a pensionable salary is termed an overseas allowance .

Plants are closing all over Europe as recession deepens on the continent and particular industries make the painful adjustments to their own private new world orders , but the announcement that Digital Equipment Corp was to close its venerable 22-year-old manufacturing plant in Galway has drawn international attention that far exceeds anything generated by threatened closures such as the even more venerable truck plant that is almost the only employer in the Lancashire town of Leyland , and involved a threat to many more jobs .
plants are closing all over europe as recession deepens on the continent and particular industries make the painful adjustments to their own private new world orders , but the announcement that digital equipment corp was to close its venerable 22-year-old manufacturing plant in galway has drawn international attention that far [is more than] anything generated by threatened closures such as the even more venerable truck plant that is almost the only employer in the lancashire town of leyland , and involved a threat to many more jobs .

For example , in the manufacturing problem described in Section 9.1 , if a goal of 25 is specified for revenue , the manufacturer would seek to maximise revenue if it is below 25 but is not concerned with its value once it exceeds 25 .
for example , in the manufacturing problem described in section 9.1 , if a goal of 25 is specified for revenue , the manufacturer would seek to maximise revenue if it is below 25 but is not concerned with its value once it [is more than] 25 .

According to compensation theory the leisure society only arrives when people 's preference for extra leisure exceeds their preference for extra income .
according to compensation theory the leisure society only arrives when people 's preference for extra leisure [is more than] their preference for extra income .

His list was incomplete , and the true total today certainly exceeds 200 .
his list was incomplete , and the true total today certainly [is more than] 200 .

In keeping delayed payments to a minimum , the important thing is to have a simple routine which is operated as soon as a customer exceeds the credit terms given and accepted on the haulage contract . The routine for a haulier offering 30 days ' credit might look like this :
in keeping delayed payments to a minimum , the important thing is to have a simple routine which is operated as soon as a customer [is more than] the credit terms given and accepted on the haulage contract . the routine for a haulier offering 30 days ' credit might look like this :

‘ The gift of dhamma ’ , says one of the pithy sayings in the Dhamma-pada ( verses about dhamma ) , ‘ exceeds all gifts ; its sweetness exceeds all sweetness ’ ; reminding the Christian of Psalm 19 where the Torah , the Law of the Lord , is described as ‘ sweeter than honey ’ .
‘ the gift of dhamma ’ , says one of the pithy sayings in the dhamma-pada ( verses about dhamma ) , ‘ [is more than] all gifts ; its sweetness [is more than] all sweetness ’ ; reminding the christian of psalm 19 where the torah , the law of the lord , is described as ‘ sweeter than honey ’ .

Goodwill , which arises where the cost of acquiring subsidiary companies exceeds the net assets taken over , is written off directly to reserves .
goodwill , which arises where the cost of acquiring subsidiary companies [is more than] the net assets taken over , is written off directly to reserves .

it exceeds itself .
it [is more than] itself .

Most income , however , counts and you will be assessed for income tax on : your pension , interest you receive from most types of savings , dividends from investments , any earnings ( even if these are only from casual work ) plus rent from any lodgers , if the amount you receive exceeds £3,250 a year .
most income , however , counts and you will be assessed for income tax on : your pension , interest you receive from most types of savings , dividends from investments , any earnings ( even if these are only from casual work ) plus rent from any lodgers , if the amount you receive [is more than] £3,250 a year .

The firm 's number of assignments has doubled since 1979 — from about 70 carried out by five consultants to around 150 handled by nine — and its annual fee income in London now exceeds £3m .
the firm 's number of assignments has doubled since 1979 — from about 70 carried out by five consultants to around 150 handled by nine — and its annual fee income in london now [is more than] £3m .

Nevertheless , there is considerable stability in this firm , and average partner service exceeds seven years .
nevertheless , there is considerable stability in this firm , and average partner service [is more than] seven years .

Given that the number of W-cells in the retina probably exceeds the number of Y-cells , this is unsatisfactory .
given that the number of w-cells in the retina probably [is more than] the number of y-cells , this is unsatisfactory .

In some years spring growth of the sward is vigorous and exceeds the capacity of sheep and the other grazing animals to keep it fully grazed .
in some years spring growth of the sward is vigorous and [is more than] the capacity of sheep and the other grazing animals to keep it fully grazed .

This may not always be the case — for example , in rapidly expanding populations , selection may favour reproductive rate at the expense of lifetime reproductive success ( see Lewontin , 1965 ; Elliot , 1975 ) — but exceptions are probably rare , especially in long-lived species where variation in longevity greatly exceeds variation in age at first breeding .
this may not always be the case — for example , in rapidly expanding populations , selection may favour reproductive rate at the expense of lifetime reproductive success ( see lewontin , 1965 ; elliot , 1975 ) — but exceptions are probably rare , especially in long-lived species where variation in longevity greatly [is more than] variation in age at first breeding .

The leaving and cleaving principle implies a progress into an exclusive , mature and enduring relationship whose closeness and bonding exceeds all others .
the leaving and cleaving principle implies a progress into an exclusive , mature and enduring relationship whose closeness and bonding [is more than] all others .

It is one thing to step into the unknown , another to do it without exaggerating the claims for the product , and quite amazing to end our launch year with a turnover that exceeds our most optimistic forecasts by 250% .
it is one thing to step into the unknown , another to do it without exaggerating the claims for the product , and quite amazing to end our launch year with a turnover that [is more than] our most optimistic forecasts by 250% .

Near the end of 1982 they achieved the first interesting number of eight fusions per muon , where the energy released exceeds the rest energy of a muon .
near the end of 1982 they achieved the first interesting number of eight fusions per muon , where the energy released [is more than] the rest energy of a muon .

Add sponsors ' bonuses , company days , pro-ams and the figure exceeds £150,000 .
add sponsors ' bonuses , company days , pro-ams and the figure [is more than] £150,000 .

Any bar or disco which exceeds its permitted decibel limit can be shut down on the spot for the night by police .
any bar or disco which [is more than] its permitted decibel limit can be shut down on the spot for the night by police .

after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit .
after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) [is more than] the prescribed limit .

‘ after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit ’ . The prescribed limits at present are :
‘ after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) [is more than] the prescribed limit ’ . the prescribed limits at present are :

‘ after consuming so much alcohol the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) exceeds the prescribed limit ’ . Evidence of the proportion of alcohol in a specimen of breath , blood or urine may be by a document which is :
‘ after consuming so much alcohol the proportion thereof in your breath ( blood or urine ) [is more than] the prescribed limit ’ . evidence of the proportion of alcohol in a specimen of breath , blood or urine may be by a document which is :

Only that amount which exceeds what would be spent on lunch if the employee was working at the office can even be considered .
only that amount which [is more than] what would be spent on lunch if the employee was working at the office can even be considered .

In his wake is left a highly-professional movie with some excellent knockabout acting and a level of pace and tension which exceeds the breakneck delights of its predecessor .
in his wake is left a highly-professional movie with some excellent knockabout acting and a level of pace and tension which [is more than] the breakneck delights of its predecessor .

If a business only exceeds the threshold for arrivals of goods and not despatches , then SSDs are only completed for arrivals ; similarly , if the threshold is only breached for goods despatched , then SSDs only need to be completed for despatches .
if a business only [is more than] the threshold for arrivals of goods and not despatches , then ssds are only completed for arrivals ; similarly , if the threshold is only breached for goods despatched , then ssds only need to be completed for despatches .

Alternatively , there is the cash management option , a current account paying high interest rates when the balance exceeds £5,000 .
alternatively , there is the cash management option , a current account paying high interest rates when the balance [is more than] £5,000 .

From the mortality data shown in Figs 1 and 2 , we conclude that males mature earlier and that the mature size is smaller in females , but that mortality of the roving male exceeds that of the sedentary female .
from the mortality data shown in figs 1 and 2 , we conclude that males mature earlier and that the mature size is smaller in females , but that mortality of the roving male [is more than] that of the sedentary female .

The degree of curvature , however , far exceeds that of other fossil hominoids , including Proconsul , and it may be a uniquely derived and functionally related characteristic of the sivapithecines .
the degree of curvature , however , far [is more than] that of other fossil hominoids , including proconsul , and it may be a uniquely derived and functionally related characteristic of the sivapithecines .

Once the central pressure exceeds the object 's strength , equation ( 6 ) is used to calculate the changing radius r and effective cross-section .
once the central pressure [is more than] the object 's strength , equation ( 6 ) is used to calculate the changing radius r and effective cross-section .

Caliban 's intelligence far exceeds theirs , to ‘ dote ’ as he puts it contemptuously , on such ‘ trash ’ and ‘ luggage ’ .
caliban 's intelligence far [is more than] theirs , to ‘ dote ’ as he puts it contemptuously , on such ‘ trash ’ and ‘ luggage ’ .

The point , though , is not that his poetry exceeds the truth but that it fails to keep up with the truth , since it can not fully express the Friend 's merits : No one was ever taken in by Shakespeare 's disclaimers of ability , and few people will imagine that , whoever the Friend was — if indeed there was a real-life Friend — Shakespeare has failed to do justice to him ; if anything , rather the opposite .
the point , though , is not that his poetry [is more than] the truth but that it fails to keep up with the truth , since it can not fully express the friend 's merits : no one was ever taken in by shakespeare 's disclaimers of ability , and few people will imagine that , whoever the friend was — if indeed there was a real-life friend — shakespeare has failed to do justice to him ; if anything , rather the opposite .

Regan declares her love to be identical with Goneril 's , only that she has understated it ( we had scarce thought it possible to go beyond Goneril ) : To claim that your love for your father exceeds all the joys which can be derived from the senses — with your newly wedded husband standing by — is to claim too much .
regan declares her love to be identical with goneril 's , only that she has understated it ( we had scarce thought it possible to go beyond goneril ) : to claim that your love for your father [is more than] all the joys which can be derived from the senses — with your newly wedded husband standing by — is to claim too much .

This far exceeds the Bruntland Commission recommendation of 12 % protection and represents a substantial increase in protection as compared to before the decision , when just 15 % of the area was preserved .
this far [is more than] the bruntland commission recommendation of 12 % protection and represents a substantial increase in protection as compared to before the decision , when just 15 % of the area was preserved .

Throughout the century , rather more males than females were born , the ratio remaining relatively constant despite beliefs that the proportion of male births increases after wars in which the mortality of young adult men greatly exceeds that of young adult women .
throughout the century , rather more males than females were born , the ratio remaining relatively constant despite beliefs that the proportion of male births increases after wars in which the mortality of young adult men greatly [is more than] that of young adult women .

Come 's manager has a guest list that alone exceeds normal capacity ; quite how one is to witness a band to their best advantage in such conditions is hard to fathom .
come 's manager has a guest list that alone [is more than] normal capacity ; quite how one is to witness a band to their best advantage in such conditions is hard to fathom .

Another attractive , smaller species is the Red Finned Fairy Wrasse Cirrhilabrus rubripinnis which rarely exceeds 7cm in length .
another attractive , smaller species is the red finned fairy wrasse cirrhilabrus rubripinnis which rarely [is more than] 7cm in length .

It is certified that the transaction effected by this Agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , or the consideration exceeds £30,000 .
it is certified that the transaction effected by this agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , or the consideration [is more than] £30,000 .

It is certified that the transaction effected by this Agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , or the consideration exceeds £30,000 .
it is certified that the transaction effected by this agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , or the consideration [is more than] £30,000 .

21.1 It is certified that the transaction effected by this Agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , of the consideration exceeds £30,000 .
21.1 it is certified that the transaction effected by this agreement does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , of the consideration [is more than] £30,000 .

Initially nothing succeeds like success : but eventually success exceeds itself , and decline and despondency set in .
initially nothing succeeds like success : but eventually success [is more than] itself , and decline and despondency set in .

In snakes like the black mamba , cobras and Russell 's viper , the amount injected in one bite far exceeds that necessary to kill a man .
in snakes like the black mamba , cobras and russell 's viper , the amount injected in one bite far [is more than] that necessary to kill a man .

Problems and bad feeling may arise , however , when the difference between the price paid per acre to the landowner and by the developer for the overall site exceeds a reasonable level , or individual land sales have been agreed by the speculator at widely different price levels , without apparent reason .
problems and bad feeling may arise , however , when the difference between the price paid per acre to the landowner and by the developer for the overall site [is more than] a reasonable level , or individual land sales have been agreed by the speculator at widely different price levels , without apparent reason .

In the auction room discretion must be used in bidding and the developer must have a clearly defined policy if the price exceeds the value calculated : he should either withdraw or bid only a marginal percentage above the calculated value .
in the auction room discretion must be used in bidding and the developer must have a clearly defined policy if the price [is more than] the value calculated : he should either withdraw or bid only a marginal percentage above the calculated value .

( This , of course , ignores the theory of the second best , where the existence of price distortions in related markets may require a price which exceeds marginal cost in the market under consideration .
( this , of course , ignores the theory of the second best , where the existence of price distortions in related markets may require a price which [is more than] marginal cost in the market under consideration .

In criminal matters you should know the sentencing powers of the court in case your client is convicted ; not only may this help you in your plea in mitigation ( if one is possible ) , but it is your duty to intervene if the judge by mistake exceeds his powers .
in criminal matters you should know the sentencing powers of the court in case your client is convicted ; not only may this help you in your plea in mitigation ( if one is possible ) , but it is your duty to intervene if the judge by mistake [is more than] his powers .

The result is that once those who are unable to purchase have negotiated their way through the labyrinthine and highly variable eligibility rules to achieve a place on a council housing waiting list , they join a queue which is growing at a faster rate than addition to the council housing stock and which in some cases even exceeds the total number of families housed by the district council .
the result is that once those who are unable to purchase have negotiated their way through the labyrinthine and highly variable eligibility rules to achieve a place on a council housing waiting list , they join a queue which is growing at a faster rate than addition to the council housing stock and which in some cases even [is more than] the total number of families housed by the district council .

In the British Forces there are more than ninety Royal Marine , Regimental and Royal Air Force bands , and the investment in music by the Ministry of Defence exceeds the public subsidy of the arts generally in Great Britain .
in the british forces there are more than ninety royal marine , regimental and royal air force bands , and the investment in music by the ministry of defence [is more than] the public subsidy of the arts generally in great britain .

The sum total of their daily offering of music in worship far exceeds that of the cathedrals .
the sum total of their daily offering of music in worship far [is more than] that of the cathedrals .

In deciding whether a breach of agreed standards is in itself cause for action , the field man will again set the pollution in the context of its location before judging the degree by which it exceeds the consented level .
in deciding whether a breach of agreed standards is in itself cause for action , the field man will again set the pollution in the context of its location before judging the degree by which it [is more than] the consented level .

We pride ourselves , for example , on having acute eyesight , yet the eyesight of birds of prey , swooping down on their victims with uncanny precision , far exceeds ours .
we pride ourselves , for example , on having acute eyesight , yet the eyesight of birds of prey , swooping down on their victims with uncanny precision , far [is more than] ours .

‘ The court may grant the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .
‘ the court may grant the application if — ( a ) the debtor appears to have a counterclaim , set-off or cross demand which equals or [is more than] the amount of the debt or debts specified in the statutory demand ; or ( b ) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be substantial ; or … ( d ) the court is satisfied , on other grounds , that the demand ought to be set aside .

turnover exceeds £80m
turnover [is more than] £80m

balance sheet total exceeds £39m
balance sheet total [is more than] £39m

number of employees exceeds 2,500
number of employees [is more than] 2,500

For long-term contracts the amount by which recorded turnover exceeds payments on account should be classified as " amounts recoverable on contracts " and separately disclosed within debtors .
for long-term contracts the amount by which recorded turnover [is more than] payments on account should be classified as " amounts recoverable on contracts " and separately disclosed within debtors .

Where the provision or accrual for foreseeable losses exceeds costs incurred , the excess should be included within either provisions for liabilities and charges or creditors as appropriate .
where the provision or accrual for foreseeable losses [is more than] costs incurred , the excess should be included within either provisions for liabilities and charges or creditors as appropriate .

For most people in the developing world , however , or for those who live in poverty or are low in the hierarchy in the developed world , their chronic stress of powerlessness exceeds their resources and their ability to exert control .
for most people in the developing world , however , or for those who live in poverty or are low in the hierarchy in the developed world , their chronic stress of powerlessness [is more than] their resources and their ability to exert control .

Section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) envisages a school where the number of applicants for admission exceeds the available places .
section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) envisages a school where the number of applicants for admission [is more than] the available places .

Where a sentence is imposed that clearly exceeds the tariff , it is liable to be reduced on appeal , and traditionally the role of the Court of Appeal was confined to checking a sentencer 's discretion retrospectively in this way .
where a sentence is imposed that clearly [is more than] the tariff , it is liable to be reduced on appeal , and traditionally the role of the court of appeal was confined to checking a sentencer 's discretion retrospectively in this way .

If the capital market is imperfect such that the lending rate exceeds the borrowing rate , the results of the arbitrage argument may vary , depending on whether cash is being moved forwards in time at the lending rate , or backwards in time at the borrowing rate .
if the capital market is imperfect such that the lending rate [is more than] the borrowing rate , the results of the arbitrage argument may vary , depending on whether cash is being moved forwards in time at the lending rate , or backwards in time at the borrowing rate .

This strategy will be profitable until the sum of the transactions costs of selling the existing share portfolio and buying the index future ( including the roll-over costs , if any ) exceeds the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .
this strategy will be profitable until the sum of the transactions costs of selling the existing share portfolio and buying the index future ( including the roll-over costs , if any ) [is more than] the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .

It is also generally true that the risk-free rate exceeds the rate of dividends on the market index ( d ) .
it is also generally true that the risk-free rate [is more than] the rate of dividends on the market index ( d ) .

In other cases ( where the claim exceeds the statutory limit or after the expiry of 10 years ) claims are to be directed to the Government , which satisfies them out of moneys provided by Parliament .
in other cases ( where the claim [is more than] the statutory limit or after the expiry of 10 years ) claims are to be directed to the government , which satisfies them out of moneys provided by parliament .

This shows that the present value of £1 per year for 25 years is less than £15 when the rate of return exceeds 5 per cent per year .
this shows that the present value of £1 per year for 25 years is less than £15 when the rate of return [is more than] 5 per cent per year .

By diverting attention towards the 1143 deaths due to overdose of drugs other than paracetamol Spooner disregards the fact that paracetamol is consistently one of the most common drugs used in suicide and far exceeds any other over the counter medication as a method of death by poisoning .
by diverting attention towards the 1143 deaths due to overdose of drugs other than paracetamol spooner disregards the fact that paracetamol is consistently one of the most common drugs used in suicide and far [is more than] any other over the counter medication as a method of death by poisoning .

This follows from Cantor 's proof showing that the number of possible selections from a given set of objects necessarily exceeds the number of the actual members of that set , irrespective of how many members the set happens to have .
this follows from cantor 's proof showing that the number of possible selections from a given set of objects necessarily [is more than] the number of the actual members of that set , irrespective of how many members the set happens to have .

If its energy ever exceeds 1000 , it divides into two offspring .
if its energy ever [is more than] 1000 , it divides into two offspring .

He should be told that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol exceeds the statutory limit but does not exceed 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath ; that in these circumstances he is entitled to claim to have this specimen replaced by a specimen of blood or urine if he wishes ; but that , if he does so , it will be for the constable to decide whether the replacement specimen is to be of blood or urine and that if the constable requires a specimen of blood it will be taken by a doctor unless the doctor considers that there are medical reasons for not taking blood , when urine may be given instead .
he should be told that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol [is more than] the statutory limit but does not exceed 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath ; that in these circumstances he is entitled to claim to have this specimen replaced by a specimen of blood or urine if he wishes ; but that , if he does so , it will be for the constable to decide whether the replacement specimen is to be of blood or urine and that if the constable requires a specimen of blood it will be taken by a doctor unless the doctor considers that there are medical reasons for not taking blood , when urine may be given instead .

It is not excessive leniency which is sought to be restrained now , but punishment which exceeds the judicial view of what is appropriate .
it is not excessive leniency which is sought to be restrained now , but punishment which [is more than] the judicial view of what is appropriate .

Eventually , when this somewhat bizarre meeting ended , the judge made an order by which he purported to ‘ disallow such part of the brief fee which would otherwise have been payable on the [ partial ] trial as exceeds what would be the proper enhanced refresher for the retrial .
eventually , when this somewhat bizarre meeting ended , the judge made an order by which he purported to ‘ disallow such part of the brief fee which would otherwise have been payable on the [ partial ] trial as [is more than] what would be the proper enhanced refresher for the retrial .

They were made parties to these proceedings but , since the debt owing to the building society now exceeds the value of the property and since they can be in no better position than the building society , they have taken no part in the proceedings .
they were made parties to these proceedings but , since the debt owing to the building society now [is more than] the value of the property and since they can be in no better position than the building society , they have taken no part in the proceedings .

The agreement purported to grant a term of uncertain duration which , if valid , now entitles the tenant to stay there for ever and a day at the 1930 rent of £30 ; valuers acting for both parties have agreed that the annual current commercial rent exceeds £10,000 .
the agreement purported to grant a term of uncertain duration which , if valid , now entitles the tenant to stay there for ever and a day at the 1930 rent of £30 ; valuers acting for both parties have agreed that the annual current commercial rent [is more than] £10,000 .

The sheriff or bailiff must not account to the execution creditor for fourteen days after sale if the judgment exceeds the prescribed sum ( currently £500 ) because under s 346 ( 3 ) the sheriff or bailiff is obliged to hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee if a bankruptcy petition is presented within fourteen days of the sale of the goods and a bankruptcy order is subsequently made on that petition .
the sheriff or bailiff must not account to the execution creditor for fourteen days after sale if the judgment [is more than] the prescribed sum ( currently £500 ) because under s 346 ( 3 ) the sheriff or bailiff is obliged to hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee if a bankruptcy petition is presented within fourteen days of the sale of the goods and a bankruptcy order is subsequently made on that petition .

And yet , the burden of life that her mother and father , separately and together , had to bear far exceeds that which Hannah endured , and amy explain in some measure the genesis of Hannah 's fortitude and sublime character , which have inspired so many .
and yet , the burden of life that her mother and father , separately and together , had to bear far [is more than] that which hannah endured , and amy explain in some measure the genesis of hannah 's fortitude and sublime character , which have inspired so many .

For Gordon it is fallacious to say that if a tribunal blunders in its estimation of the factors involved in a subject-matter properly before it and thereby misconceives the questions that it should consider , that it thereby exceeds its jurisdiction .
for gordon it is fallacious to say that if a tribunal blunders in its estimation of the factors involved in a subject-matter properly before it and thereby misconceives the questions that it should consider , that it thereby [is more than] its jurisdiction .

If the number of rejects exceeds the level , the batch is returned .
if the number of rejects [is more than] the level , the batch is returned .

In contrast , the pH level regularly exceeds 6 in large , dry land areas where there are plenty of basic substances in the material of the soil .
in contrast , the ph level regularly [is more than] 6 in large , dry land areas where there are plenty of basic substances in the material of the soil .

Councillors can also be advantaged by their knowledge of local circumstances and because the mobility of senior officers often exceeds that of senior councillors .
councillors can also be advantaged by their knowledge of local circumstances and because the mobility of senior officers often [is more than] that of senior councillors .

On the lower reaches of glaciers and on ice shelves close to the sea , where ablation exceeds snowfall in summer , wind-blown dust and rock fragments encourage local melting .
on the lower reaches of glaciers and on ice shelves close to the sea , where ablation [is more than] snowfall in summer , wind-blown dust and rock fragments encourage local melting .

In this , his value always exceeds Boswell 's ; Johnson the writer has no need to grind the axe of his ego , and thereby feels no qualms in conveying how confusing he finds the native Scots , who , decisive and firm in their answer to his first question , are likely to contradict it entirely in answering the second question .
in this , his value always [is more than] boswell 's ; johnson the writer has no need to grind the axe of his ego , and thereby feels no qualms in conveying how confusing he finds the native scots , who , decisive and firm in their answer to his first question , are likely to contradict it entirely in answering the second question .

If it is at this point that Freud 's theory exceeds itself and is forced beyond the realm of the verifiable into that of speculation , this is also the point at which Such picks up the Freudian way of thinking .
if it is at this point that freud 's theory [is more than] itself and is forced beyond the realm of the verifiable into that of speculation , this is also the point at which such picks up the freudian way of thinking .

Prosecutions occur , as we noted above when overpayment exceeds 250 .
prosecutions occur , as we noted above when overpayment [is more than] 250 .

Indeed , for about half of the prescriptions the charge exceeds the drug 's cost , and people are now finding it cheaper to buy the simpler remedies over the pharmacist 's counter .
indeed , for about half of the prescriptions the charge [is more than] the drug 's cost , and people are now finding it cheaper to buy the simpler remedies over the pharmacist 's counter .

There should be nothing surprising about this : in a competitive market , where the number of would-be senior academics considerably exceeds the posts available , an ‘ objective ’ means is required to allocate the scarce goods .
there should be nothing surprising about this : in a competitive market , where the number of would-be senior academics considerably [is more than] the posts available , an ‘ objective ’ means is required to allocate the scarce goods .

It is estimated that the tally of films , over the world , exceeds 400 .
it is estimated that the tally of films , over the world , [is more than] 400 .

Today , the response based on total ignorance is still alive and well in circumstances in which even the limited attention given to gender discrimination in schools far exceeds its identification as an issue in the provision of educational opportunities for adult women .
today , the response based on total ignorance is still alive and well in circumstances in which even the limited attention given to gender discrimination in schools far [is more than] its identification as an issue in the provision of educational opportunities for adult women .

x exceeds y
x [is more than] y

y exceeds x
y [is more than] x

x exceeds y
x [is more than] y

y exceeds x
y [is more than] x

However , the pump must never be housed where the vertical distance from the water level exceeds the suction lift of the pump .
however , the pump must never be housed where the vertical distance from the water level [is more than] the suction lift of the pump .

Swell waves running on to a coast break when the forward motion of particles at the wave crest exceeds the forward movement of the wave as a whole , a state of affairs caused by the wave retarding as it runs into shallow water and sometimes over-naively attributed to friction with the sea bottom .
swell waves running on to a coast break when the forward motion of particles at the wave crest [is more than] the forward movement of the wave as a whole , a state of affairs caused by the wave retarding as it runs into shallow water and sometimes over-naively attributed to friction with the sea bottom .

The ejecta volume exceeds the volume of the impacting body , usually by a large factor , and because little of these ejecta fall back into the crater the crater will also be larger than the impacting body by a similar factor .
the ejecta volume [is more than] the volume of the impacting body , usually by a large factor , and because little of these ejecta fall back into the crater the crater will also be larger than the impacting body by a similar factor .

Clearly the abundances of these materials at the surface exceeds those of the Moon as a whole and this could either be because of upward differentiation or because such materials were added late in the formation of the Moon .
clearly the abundances of these materials at the surface [is more than] those of the moon as a whole and this could either be because of upward differentiation or because such materials were added late in the formation of the moon .

Currently supply exceeds demand — hence the $ 18–23.00 per barrel price band .
currently supply [is more than] demand — hence the $ 18–23.00 per barrel price band .

Goodwill , which comprises the amount by which the cost of acquiring shares in subsidiaries exceeds the fair value of net assets acquired , is written off to reserves in the year of acquisition .
goodwill , which comprises the amount by which the cost of acquiring shares in subsidiaries [is more than] the fair value of net assets acquired , is written off to reserves in the year of acquisition .

This exceeds current output for a similar onshore group by 70 per cent ( 3.4p per kilowatt-hour ) .
this [is more than] current output for a similar onshore group by 70 per cent ( 3.4p per kilowatt-hour ) .

Without a specific perpetuity period of at least the length of the term ( if the term exceeds 21 years ) plus a few additional years to cover holding over under the 1954 Act , there would be no right to use pipes placed under the premises during the 23rd year of the term .
without a specific perpetuity period of at least the length of the term ( if the term [is more than] 21 years ) plus a few additional years to cover holding over under the 1954 act , there would be no right to use pipes placed under the premises during the 23rd year of the term .

In the context of the generally unremarkable figures for his average length of turn ( with the exception of scene five there are no scenes in which it exceeds 14.7 ) , these large turns stand out sharply .
in the context of the generally unremarkable figures for his average length of turn ( with the exception of scene five there are no scenes in which it [is more than] 14.7 ) , these large turns stand out sharply .

The customer must be notified or warned of the following where applicable : ( a ) That collateral will not be registered in his name ; ( b ) That that part of the proceeds of sale of his collateral that exceeds the amount owed by the customer to the firm will be subject , on the firm 's default , to the pooling rules under the client money regulations .
the customer must be notified or warned of the following where applicable : ( a ) that collateral will not be registered in his name ; ( b ) that that part of the proceeds of sale of his collateral that [is more than] the amount owed by the customer to the firm will be subject , on the firm 's default , to the pooling rules under the client money regulations .

If the amount of the capital sum exceeds the amount of income available , then the settlor will be taxed in the next year and subsequent years up to the amount of income available in the next year or subsequent years but never so that the tax liabilities exceed the amount of the capital sum that was paid out directly or indirectly to the settlor .
if the amount of the capital sum [is more than] the amount of income available , then the settlor will be taxed in the next year and subsequent years up to the amount of income available in the next year or subsequent years but never so that the tax liabilities exceed the amount of the capital sum that was paid out directly or indirectly to the settlor .

The strings are printed on the same line until the line length exceeds 65 .
the strings are printed on the same line until the line length [is more than] 65 .

The dissipation somewhat exceeds the production and there is also a loss by advection — corresponding , as in a wake , to the supply of energy to newly turbulent fluid .
the dissipation somewhat [is more than] the production and there is also a loss by advection — corresponding , as in a wake , to the supply of energy to newly turbulent fluid .

Yet volcanism is predominantly a submarine rather than a continental phenomenon since the outpouring of magma associated with submarine eruptions far exceeds anything witnessed on the continents .
yet volcanism is predominantly a submarine rather than a continental phenomenon since the outpouring of magma associated with submarine eruptions far [is more than] anything witnessed on the continents .

General unemployment occurs when the initial real wage rate , w 1 exceeds the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .
general unemployment occurs when the initial real wage rate , w 1 [is more than] the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .

If the sum counterclaimed exceeds the sum claimed a fee is payable on the difference ( see Table of Fees ) .
if the sum counterclaimed [is more than] the sum claimed a fee is payable on the difference ( see table of fees ) .

Application may be made only in default actions and where the claim exceeds £500 and the defendant has delivered at the court office a document purporting to be a defence ; the application is for judgment on the grounds that notwithstanding the delivery of that document , the defendant has no defence ( Ord 9 , r 14 ) .
application may be made only in default actions and where the claim [is more than] £500 and the defendant has delivered at the court office a document purporting to be a defence ; the application is for judgment on the grounds that notwithstanding the delivery of that document , the defendant has no defence ( ord 9 , r 14 ) .

Although a statement need only indicate whether or not the value exceeds £25,000 , an applicant for transfer may wish to be more specific and bolster an application for transfer by a statement showing that the case also falls within the upper regions of county court jurisdiction .
although a statement need only indicate whether or not the value [is more than] £25,000 , an applicant for transfer may wish to be more specific and bolster an application for transfer by a statement showing that the case also falls within the upper regions of county court jurisdiction .

The application is to be supported by a statement showing whether or not the value of the action exceeds the sum for the time being specified in art 7 ( 3 ) of the Order , and shall be on notice stating the grounds of the application ( Ord 16 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) — See above .
the application is to be supported by a statement showing whether or not the value of the action [is more than] the sum for the time being specified in art 7 ( 3 ) of the order , and shall be on notice stating the grounds of the application ( ord 16 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) — see above .

Where judgment is given for a sum which exceeds £200 and represents or includes damages in respect of personal injuries , or in respect of a person 's death , the court must include in that sum interest on those damages or on such part of them as the court considers appropriate , unless the court is satisfied that there are special reasons why no interest should be given ( ibid , s 69 ) .
where judgment is given for a sum which [is more than] £200 and represents or includes damages in respect of personal injuries , or in respect of a person 's death , the court must include in that sum interest on those damages or on such part of them as the court considers appropriate , unless the court is satisfied that there are special reasons why no interest should be given ( ibid , s 69 ) .

In cases where Condition 10.1 does not apply , we shall be obliged to pay you in accordance with the terms specified overleaf upon delivery of the goods to storage , and ( where such storage exceeds 30 days ) we shall reimburse you for your reasonable expenses ( including insurance ) of such storage .
in cases where condition 10.1 does not apply , we shall be obliged to pay you in accordance with the terms specified overleaf upon delivery of the goods to storage , and ( where such storage [is more than] 30 days ) we shall reimburse you for your reasonable expenses ( including insurance ) of such storage .

This temporarily exceeds the warming impact of the greenhouse effect .
this temporarily [is more than] the warming impact of the greenhouse effect .

The target far exceeds that set out in the 1990 Environmental Protection Act , which requires local councils to recycle 25 per cent of waste by the turn of the century .
the target far [is more than] that set out in the 1990 environmental protection act , which requires local councils to recycle 25 per cent of waste by the turn of the century .

Fertility rates have not yet begun to decline in sub-Saharan Africa , but the report notes that in many African countries demand for contraceptives often exceeds supply .
fertility rates have not yet begun to decline in sub-saharan africa , but the report notes that in many african countries demand for contraceptives often [is more than] supply .

Nobody could reasonably dissent from this conclusion , Paley insists , yet that is just what the atheist , in effect , does when he contemplates the works of nature , for : every indication of contrivance , every manifestation of design , which existed in the watch , exists in the works of nature ; with the difference , on the side of nature , of being greater or more , and that in a degree which exceeds all computation .
nobody could reasonably dissent from this conclusion , paley insists , yet that is just what the atheist , in effect , does when he contemplates the works of nature , for : every indication of contrivance , every manifestation of design , which existed in the watch , exists in the works of nature ; with the difference , on the side of nature , of being greater or more , and that in a degree which [is more than] all computation .

Nevertheless , especially in experimental work , cases often arise where the number of equations exceeds the number of unknowns .
nevertheless , especially in experimental work , cases often arise where the number of equations [is more than] the number of unknowns .

There remains , however , one further suggestion which easily exceeds all others in its bizarre quality .
there remains , however , one further suggestion which easily [is more than] all others in its bizarre quality .

But the sheer effort required to gather and analyse data systematically , let alone the lobbying activities to initiate change , often exceeds the capacity of the groups working on this issue .
but the sheer effort required to gather and analyse data systematically , let alone the lobbying activities to initiate change , often [is more than] the capacity of the groups working on this issue .

Possibly the family and marriage are areas in which sociological visibility exceeds social presence ; certainly the presence of men as fathers is not matched by an equal visibility in the discipline .
possibly the family and marriage are areas in which sociological visibility [is more than] social presence ; certainly the presence of men as fathers is not matched by an equal visibility in the discipline .

Eligibility for Housing Benefit only begins , therefore , for that portion of the rent that exceeds the housing element with the grant .
eligibility for housing benefit only begins , therefore , for that portion of the rent that [is more than] the housing element with the grant .

Those students resident in private accommodation can claim Housing Benefit during the period of study , but only for that element of rent that exceeds the grant contribution .
those students resident in private accommodation can claim housing benefit during the period of study , but only for that element of rent that [is more than] the grant contribution .

Notice that figure 4.3 is drawn in such a way that , and Ng and Weisser show that this will be socially optimal as long as average consumption exceeds marginal consumption , the normal case .
notice that figure 4.3 is drawn in such a way that , and ng and weisser show that this will be socially optimal as long as average consumption [is more than] marginal consumption , the normal case .

Evidently , once the window size exceeds two or three word positions in any domain , the performance tends to stabilise .
evidently , once the window size [is more than] two or three word positions in any domain , the performance tends to stabilise .

However , if the amount to be collected exceeds £50 , the parcel will be held and notice of the arrival sent to the addressee .
however , if the amount to be collected [is more than] £50 , the parcel will be held and notice of the arrival sent to the addressee .

In the case of a one-man company an independent auditor must be appointed , and if the registered capital exceeds 20 million forints or the number of members exceeds twenty-five or the number of employees on the average exceeds 200 , a supervisory board must also be created .
in the case of a one-man company an independent auditor must be appointed , and if the registered capital [is more than] 20 million forints or the number of members [is more than] twenty-five or the number of employees on the average [is more than] 200 , a supervisory board must also be created .

However , in case of foreign participation in excess of 20 per cent of the equity or 5 million forints the assessment is reduced by 20 per cent , but if more than half of the income is derived from manufacturing goods or carrying on the business of a hotel , and the stock capital exceeds 25 million forints and the foreign participation exceeds 30 per cent , then during the first five years the tax is reduced by 60 per cent and thereafter by 40 per cent .
however , in case of foreign participation in excess of 20 per cent of the equity or 5 million forints the assessment is reduced by 20 per cent , but if more than half of the income is derived from manufacturing goods or carrying on the business of a hotel , and the stock capital [is more than] 25 million forints and the foreign participation [is more than] 30 per cent , then during the first five years the tax is reduced by 60 per cent and thereafter by 40 per cent .

In elderly people in industrialised societies the prevalence of arterial hypertension approaches or even exceeds 50 % .
in elderly people in industrialised societies the prevalence of arterial hypertension approaches or even [is more than] 50 % .

But even in highly compressed gases , the time between collisions far exceeds the duration of the collisions themselves , making the interaction details hard to discern .
but even in highly compressed gases , the time between collisions far [is more than] the duration of the collisions themselves , making the interaction details hard to discern .

the number of virtual memory segments that are resident in real storage at the time it either finishes with the processor or exceeds the time slice allocated to it w
the number of virtual memory segments that are resident in real storage at the time it either finishes with the processor or [is more than] the time slice allocated to it w

The Tibia — The fourth division of the leg is the tibia ; it is usually slender and often equals or exceeds the femur in length .
the tibia — the fourth division of the leg is the tibia ; it is usually slender and often equals or [is more than] the femur in length .

Panorpa communis , for example , has been recorded to fly at only 0.5 metres per second whereas Aeshna mixta can move at 7 metres per second and it is unlikely that any insect exceeds about twice this velocity .
panorpa communis , for example , has been recorded to fly at only 0.5 metres per second whereas aeshna mixta can move at 7 metres per second and it is unlikely that any insect [is more than] about twice this velocity .

Criterion 4c , for example , is exemplified by measurement tasks in which the length to be measured exceeds that of the longest ruler , rule or tape available to pupils .
criterion 4c , for example , is exemplified by measurement tasks in which the length to be measured [is more than] that of the longest ruler , rule or tape available to pupils .

The populations range from 14,372 to 297,862 ( Belfast ) , but only the latter exceeds 100,000 .
the populations range from 14,372 to 297,862 ( belfast ) , but only the latter [is more than] 100,000 .

Those whose income wealth exceeds their consumption must always get richer , and hence the gap between the property-owner and the propertyless must always widen ( unless there are countervailing measures such as wealth tax ) .
those whose income wealth [is more than] their consumption must always get richer , and hence the gap between the property-owner and the propertyless must always widen ( unless there are countervailing measures such as wealth tax ) .

But , if annual incidence exceeds outcidence ( water enters the sink at a faster rate than it exits ) , then annual prevalence increases ( the water level in the sink rises ) .
but , if annual incidence [is more than] outcidence ( water enters the sink at a faster rate than it exits ) , then annual prevalence increases ( the water level in the sink rises ) .

First , our working model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ maintains that prevalence ( all cases ) will increase if incidence ( new cases ) outstrips outcidence ( the number of individuals ‘ coming off ’ heroin ) , and conversely that prevalence will decrease if the outcidence rate exceeds the incidence rate .
first , our working model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ maintains that prevalence ( all cases ) will increase if incidence ( new cases ) outstrips outcidence ( the number of individuals ‘ coming off ’ heroin ) , and conversely that prevalence will decrease if the outcidence rate [is more than] the incidence rate .

The emotional warmth of this novel never exceeds the space allotted to it in a strongly active story but it does benefit by one physical fact of great importance to any sea-story — the constriction in terms of space on a ship , intensified in time of war , the effect of protocol and strict discipline and a lack of privacy on normal human feelings .
the emotional warmth of this novel never [is more than] the space allotted to it in a strongly active story but it does benefit by one physical fact of great importance to any sea-story — the constriction in terms of space on a ship , intensified in time of war , the effect of protocol and strict discipline and a lack of privacy on normal human feelings .

The programme will have succeeded if , in 15 years ' time , primary health care in the capital has lost its status as the national laggard ; the quality of the services it offers matches or exceeds that enjoyed in the rest of England ; and London has become a place where aspiring primary health care practitioners in all disciplines aim to work .
the programme will have succeeded if , in 15 years ' time , primary health care in the capital has lost its status as the national laggard ; the quality of the services it offers matches or [is more than] that enjoyed in the rest of england ; and london has become a place where aspiring primary health care practitioners in all disciplines aim to work .

The extent to which the money supply exceeds this combined transactions and precautionary demand determines the amount of money left over to satisfy the speculative demand .
the extent to which the money supply [is more than] this combined transactions and precautionary demand determines the amount of money left over to satisfy the speculative demand .

Public Liability claims where the estimate exceeds £2500
public liability claims where the estimate [is more than] £2500

damage to the windscreen exceeds certain limits ;
damage to the windscreen [is more than] certain limits ;

smoke from diesel engines exceeds certain limits ;
smoke from diesel engines [is more than] certain limits ;

If so , the claim would have to be dealt with under our own policy , with Lloyds Underwriters only being involved where the amount of the claim exceeds the sum insured , whereby they would have to deal with the balance of the claim over the policy limits .
if so , the claim would have to be dealt with under our own policy , with lloyds underwriters only being involved where the amount of the claim [is more than] the sum insured , whereby they would have to deal with the balance of the claim over the policy limits .

This is the most common clause and will attach to all vessels with a maximum design speed which exceeds 17 knots ( 20 mph ) whether they are called Speedboats or not .
this is the most common clause and will attach to all vessels with a maximum design speed which [is more than] 17 knots ( 20 mph ) whether they are called speedboats or not .

Where a farmhouse or other building is regarded as being a private dwellinghouse a bank/organisation will only be required to notify its interest to an insurer where the sum insured exceeds the threshold .
where a farmhouse or other building is regarded as being a private dwellinghouse a bank/organisation will only be required to notify its interest to an insurer where the sum insured [is more than] the threshold .

An extra risk item now requires to be specified only if it exceeds a value of £2,000 or 10 % of the sum insured on contents which ever is the less .
an extra risk item now requires to be specified only if it [is more than] a value of £2,000 or 10 % of the sum insured on contents which ever is the less .

Rank Xerox estimates the cost of replacing an executive exceeds £300,000 whereas a place on a typical stress management course is between £200 and £3,000 for an executive .
rank xerox estimates the cost of replacing an executive [is more than] £300,000 whereas a place on a typical stress management course is between £200 and £3,000 for an executive .

The effective land supply at Audit 10 ( 18,963 ) exceeds the Structure Plan requirement in the period 1990 to 1995 of 3000 + 4 × 2500 = 13000 .
the effective land supply at audit 10 ( 18,963 ) [is more than] the structure plan requirement in the period 1990 to 1995 of 3000 + 4 × 2500 = 13000 .

The current land supply already exceeds the five year requirement .
the current land supply already [is more than] the five year requirement .

If you are truly uncertain about the marginal utility schedules and attach a 0.5 probability to the gain and the loss , expected utility is maximized by the equal allocation , because half of 839–10 clearly exceeds half of 3456 .
if you are truly uncertain about the marginal utility schedules and attach a 0.5 probability to the gain and the loss , expected utility is maximized by the equal allocation , because half of 839–10 clearly [is more than] half of 3456 .

This is because the explicit tax rate and the means-tested benefit withdrawal rate exceeds unity .
this is because the explicit tax rate and the means-tested benefit withdrawal rate [is more than] unity .

The consequence of this is that the real wage level exceeds the equilibrium one so that there is , simultaneously , high real wages and unemployment .
the consequence of this is that the real wage level [is more than] the equilibrium one so that there is , simultaneously , high real wages and unemployment .

Of course , this particular case depends on the assumption that the reversion level exceeds ( and continues to exceed ) the most preferred level .
of course , this particular case depends on the assumption that the reversion level [is more than] ( and continues to exceed ) the most preferred level .

3139 xx DCs exceeds the maximum active DCs on package :
3139 xx dcs [is more than] the maximum active dcs on package :

The combined total of this and the existing active DCs ( xx ) exceeds the maximum of 10 active DCs on a package .
the combined total of this and the existing active dcs ( xx ) [is more than] the maximum of 10 active dcs on a package .

The user has specified a value for the number of items in the named list which exceeds the valid range .
the user has specified a value for the number of items in the named list which [is more than] the valid range .

The root structure has a depth of more than 20 packages which exceeds an internal limit .
the root structure has a depth of more than 20 packages which [is more than] an internal limit .

The root structure has more than 200 packages at the same level which exceeds an internal limit .
the root structure has more than 200 packages at the same level which [is more than] an internal limit .

But when supply exceeds demand , it can not be stored directly .
but when supply [is more than] demand , it can not be stored directly .

If the project appraisal is flawed , or if the project only marginally exceeds the minimum rate of return specified by the organization , it is better that it should fail at the approval stage than be implemented with the risk of subsequent failure .
if the project appraisal is flawed , or if the project only marginally [is more than] the minimum rate of return specified by the organization , it is better that it should fail at the approval stage than be implemented with the risk of subsequent failure .

Two people are required if the length exceeds 2 m .
two people are required if the length [is more than] 2 m .

When the current spot price of the underlying asset exceeds the exercise price of a call option , the option is said to be `` in the money `` ( a corresponding put option would be `` out of the money `` ) .
when the current spot price of the underlying asset [is more than] the exercise price of a call option , the option is said to be `` in the money `` ( a corresponding put option would be `` out of the money `` ) .

It is also common to say that there will be no liability in respect of a single claim of less than a small sum and then only when the aggregate of all such small claims exceeds a certain sum .
it is also common to say that there will be no liability in respect of a single claim of less than a small sum and then only when the aggregate of all such small claims [is more than] a certain sum .

Education authorities are required to produce guidelines which describe how children are to be allocated to schools and which outline procedures for deciding between competing claims when the number of requests for a particular school exceeds the number of places available , and to publish information about particular schools .
education authorities are required to produce guidelines which describe how children are to be allocated to schools and which outline procedures for deciding between competing claims when the number of requests for a particular school [is more than] the number of places available , and to publish information about particular schools .

Mr Burtt has asked my advice on payment of the enclosed invoice for £690 for an order raised by Mrs Gregory which did not go through the agreed procedures , and which exceeds the total amount available for all staff .
mr burtt has asked my advice on payment of the enclosed invoice for £690 for an order raised by mrs gregory which did not go through the agreed procedures , and which [is more than] the total amount available for all staff .

If the load exceeds the peak static torque the motor can not hold the load at the position demanded by the phase excitation .
if the load [is more than] the peak static torque the motor can not hold the load at the position demanded by the phase excitation .

This maximum torque is termed the `` pull-out `` torque because if the load torque exceeds this value the rotor is pulled out of synchronism with the magnetic field and the motor stalls .
this maximum torque is termed the `` pull-out `` torque because if the load torque [is more than] this value the rotor is pulled out of synchronism with the magnetic field and the motor stalls .

4.3 and 4.4 , where it is assumed that the system inertia is sufficient to maintain rotation even if the load torque temporarily exceeds the motor torque .
4.3 and 4.4 , where it is assumed that the system inertia is sufficient to maintain rotation even if the load torque temporarily [is more than] the motor torque .

For a system with a relatively low inertia this assumption may not be true and the rotor can stop whenever the load exceeds the motor torque .
for a system with a relatively low inertia this assumption may not be true and the rotor can stop whenever the load [is more than] the motor torque .

This is a useful technique for systems designed to operate at the highest speeds , where the time taken for the initial current build.up exceeds the step period , so that chopping action does not have time to begin in an excited phase ( Acarnley , 1984 ) .
this is a useful technique for systems designed to operate at the highest speeds , where the time taken for the initial current build.up [is more than] the step period , so that chopping action does not have time to begin in an excited phase ( acarnley , 1984 ) .

The maximum stepping rate must be restricted , so that the motor torque substantially exceeds the load torque at all speeds and the System can accelerate rapidly .
the maximum stepping rate must be restricted , so that the motor torque substantially [is more than] the load torque at all speeds and the system can accelerate rapidly .

Furthermore the plaintiff can not claim even for his private ( non-business ) property loss or damage unless it exceeds £275 .
furthermore the plaintiff can not claim even for his private ( non-business ) property loss or damage unless it [is more than] £275 .

If , however , the amount of damage done to the plaintiff 's private property exceeds £275 , then the whole amount is recoverable including the first £275 .
if , however , the amount of damage done to the plaintiff 's private property [is more than] £275 , then the whole amount is recoverable including the first £275 .

The Remuneration Certificate procedure should not be available where the solicitor 's bill exceeds £50,000 as an alternative court procedure for challenge — known as taxation — is more appropriate .
the remuneration certificate procedure should not be available where the solicitor 's bill [is more than] £50,000 as an alternative court procedure for challenge — known as taxation — is more appropriate .

In European sterna , the combined midline length of manubrium and mesosternum usually equals or exceeds 149mm in males , but is usually less in females ( Ashley , 1956 ) .
in european sterna , the combined midline length of manubrium and mesosternum usually equals or [is more than] 149mm in males , but is usually less in females ( ashley , 1956 ) .

Their wingspan exceeds that of an albatross .
their wingspan [is more than] that of an albatross .

And in the case of the upside-down Archaean biosphere proposed by Walker , a counterintuitive relationship between high productivity in the overlying water column and organic-poor sediments below arises , because the supply of oxidant ( ferric iron ) to the sediments exceeds that of reductant ( organic matter ) .
and in the case of the upside-down archaean biosphere proposed by walker , a counterintuitive relationship between high productivity in the overlying water column and organic-poor sediments below arises , because the supply of oxidant ( ferric iron ) to the sediments [is more than] that of reductant ( organic matter ) .

At present , such guidelines require that options may not be exercised until at least five years from their date of grant and then only if over a five year period following the date of grant the Company has achieved growth in earnings per share which exceeds the growth in the Retail Prices Index by at least ten percentage points .
at present , such guidelines require that options may not be exercised until at least five years from their date of grant and then only if over a five year period following the date of grant the company has achieved growth in earnings per share which [is more than] the growth in the retail prices index by at least ten percentage points .

Also here are some onscreen messages and a provision for resetting the saved ‘ good ’ reference values if the number of accumulated bad readings exceeds a predetermined level .
also here are some onscreen messages and a provision for resetting the saved ‘ good ’ reference values if the number of accumulated bad readings [is more than] a predetermined level .

There are also diagnostics allowing a recalculation of the ‘ good ’ reference levels if the number of bad readings exceeds a predetermined level or an output of warning messages if any of the measurements used in computing the average is more than a certain tolerance from the mean .
there are also diagnostics allowing a recalculation of the ‘ good ’ reference levels if the number of bad readings [is more than] a predetermined level or an output of warning messages if any of the measurements used in computing the average is more than a certain tolerance from the mean .

If this error count exceeds a given value then a further message is output and a new measurement is forced .
if this error count [is more than] a given value then a further message is output and a new measurement is forced .

In this example , the marginal benefit of another film exceeds the marginal cost of producing another film .
in this example , the marginal benefit of another film [is more than] the marginal cost of producing another film .

But when films are taxed we have just seen that the marginal social benefit of another film exceeds its marginal cost .
but when films are taxed we have just seen that the marginal social benefit of another film [is more than] its marginal cost .

Hence the marginal value to consumers of another film exceeds the marginal value of the last meal currently being produced by the resources that would be necessary to make another film .
hence the marginal value to consumers of another film [is more than] the marginal value of the last meal currently being produced by the resources that would be necessary to make another film .

Since consumers of meals equate the value of the marginal utility of the last meal to the tax-inclusive price that must be paid , society 's valuation of the last meal exceeds the net-of-tax price to which producers of meals are equating marginal cost .
since consumers of meals equate the value of the marginal utility of the last meal to the tax-inclusive price that must be paid , society 's valuation of the last meal [is more than] the net-of-tax price to which producers of meals are equating marginal cost .

Equating marginal cost and marginal revenue , each firm will produce an output at which price exceeds marginal cost .
equating marginal cost and marginal revenue , each firm will produce an output at which price [is more than] marginal cost .

This implies that the social return on such projects exceeds the private return to those making the decisions .
this implies that the social return on such projects [is more than] the private return to those making the decisions .

Using the stock concept , at a point in time an investment project is profitable if the present value of net operating benefits the stream of future operating profits discounted at the interest rate at which firms must borrow funds — exceeds the initial purchase price of the new capital good .
using the stock concept , at a point in time an investment project is profitable if the present value of net operating benefits the stream of future operating profits discounted at the interest rate at which firms must borrow funds — [is more than] the initial purchase price of the new capital good .

Investment is profitable if the rate of return exceeds the interest rate .
investment is profitable if the rate of return [is more than] the interest rate .

For example , the social profit in investing in rural transport almost certainly exceeds the private profit .
for example , the social profit in investing in rural transport almost certainly [is more than] the private profit .

Private firms should invest if the rate of return on the project exceeds the market interest rate at which they can borrow funds .
private firms should invest if the rate of return on the project [is more than] the market interest rate at which they can borrow funds .

When bankers say that a company is ‘ leveraged ’ , they mean that the company 's debt greatly exceeds the owners ' equity or share in the company .
when bankers say that a company is ‘ leveraged ’ , they mean that the company 's debt greatly [is more than] the owners ' equity or share in the company .

54 , in page 38 , line 48 , at end insert — ; or b ) where the total number of years of any previous terms of office ( whether or not consecutive ) served as a member of that board exceeds eight . '
54 , in page 38 , line 48 , at end insert — ; or b ) where the total number of years of any previous terms of office ( whether or not consecutive ) served as a member of that board [is more than] eight . '

Will my right hon. Friend confirm that the drinks industry enjoys a surplus mainly because the value of exports of Scotch whisky far exceeds the value of imports of wine ? He will be aware that there are Commission proposals on harmonisation with a zero rate for wine but a substantially higher rate for spirits , which is bound to have an adverse effect on our trade balance . Will my right hon. Friend confirm that he will press for harmonisation based on alcoholic strength , or at least some mechanism for capping the rate on spirits ?
will my right hon. friend confirm that the drinks industry enjoys a surplus mainly because the value of exports of scotch whisky far [is more than] the value of imports of wine ? he will be aware that there are commission proposals on harmonisation with a zero rate for wine but a substantially higher rate for spirits , which is bound to have an adverse effect on our trade balance . will my right hon. friend confirm that he will press for harmonisation based on alcoholic strength , or at least some mechanism for capping the rate on spirits ?

This exceeds the 12.21 million sight tests in 1987 — the last typical year before the changes to the system were announced .
this [is more than] the 12.21 million sight tests in 1987 — the last typical year before the changes to the system were announced .

If it goes ahead with the project , it will find that it has a reward for the investment that exceeds its wildest dreams .
if it goes ahead with the project , it will find that it has a reward for the investment that [is more than] its wildest dreams .

The variance may then be calculated as : where we have assumed that the Pareto exponent exceeds 2 , so that the variance is finite .
the variance may then be calculated as : where we have assumed that the pareto exponent [is more than] 2 , so that the variance is finite .

For example , if the expected price level always equals last period 's price level then , by linking the change in the money supply to last period 's price level , it will always be possible to ensure that the actual price level exceeds the expected price level and hence that output is kept above its natural level .
for example , if the expected price level always equals last period 's price level then , by linking the change in the money supply to last period 's price level , it will always be possible to ensure that the actual price level [is more than] the expected price level and hence that output is kept above its natural level .

The expected utility of a non-member can be written as The ith worker joins the union if and only if , that is , where Thus the individual joins when his or her evaluation of the reputation gain from complying with the custom of membership exceeds the utility loss from paying union dues .
the expected utility of a non-member can be written as the ith worker joins the union if and only if , that is , where thus the individual joins when his or her evaluation of the reputation gain from complying with the custom of membership [is more than] the utility loss from paying union dues .

If the concentration exceeds 1 % hindered settling occurs and this may decrease settling velocities by 5 % below those of individual identical particles ( Richardson & zaki , 1954 ) .
if the concentration [is more than] 1 % hindered settling occurs and this may decrease settling velocities by 5 % below those of individual identical particles ( richardson & zaki , 1954 ) .

If , as is usual , the inflow of funds exceeds the rate at which people wish to relinquish their units , the trust creates new units at the going price .
if , as is usual , the inflow of funds [is more than] the rate at which people wish to relinquish their units , the trust creates new units at the going price .

None demonstrably exceeds the mass limit of 3.5 for neutron stars obtained by Friedman et al .
none demonstrably [is more than] the mass limit of 3.5 for neutron stars obtained by friedman et al .

Where half plus Statutory Sick Pay or any National Insurance Benefit , including Dependents ' Allowance to which you are entitled exceeds your normal pay , the amount in excess of your normal pay will be deducted from the half pay allowance .
where half plus statutory sick pay or any national insurance benefit , including dependents ' allowance to which you are entitled [is more than] your normal pay , the amount in excess of your normal pay will be deducted from the half pay allowance .

Only the innocently entitled Auburee , still a thoroughly sexual tale , exceeds all of these with eight manuscript copies .
only the innocently entitled auburee , still a thoroughly sexual tale , [is more than] all of these with eight manuscript copies .

Indeed , at one point the peak of a worst case fluctuation actually exceeds that of the best case .
indeed , at one point the peak of a worst case fluctuation actually [is more than] that of the best case .

Pulmonary hypertension is present when the pulmonary artery pressure exceeds 30 mm Hg systolic and a mean of 20 mm Hg .
pulmonary hypertension is present when the pulmonary artery pressure [is more than] 30 mm hg systolic and a mean of 20 mm hg .

In addition to the above , the air in the theatre must be monitored for formaldehyde gas on a regular basis and action taken if the amount exceeds 2 ppm in any two hour period .
in addition to the above , the air in the theatre must be monitored for formaldehyde gas on a regular basis and action taken if the amount [is more than] 2 ppm in any two hour period .

The share price exceeds the highest exercise price for 4 consecutive days or when the share price rises to a level halfway between the highest current exercise price and the next potential series .
the share price [is more than] the highest exercise price for 4 consecutive days or when the share price rises to a level halfway between the highest current exercise price and the next potential series .

The overall return is then given by which exceeds the current yield by 4.93 per cent .
the overall return is then given by which [is more than] the current yield by 4.93 per cent .

But what guarantees that r exceeds g ?
but what guarantees that r [is more than] g ?

The value of the levered firm therefore exceeds the value of the unlevered by an amount , which is known as the gain from leverage ( or the tax shield ) .
the value of the levered firm therefore [is more than] the value of the unlevered by an amount , which is known as the gain from leverage ( or the tax shield ) .

If the futures price exceeds the spot price , the basis is positive ( a situation known as contango ) .
if the futures price [is more than] the spot price , the basis is positive ( a situation known as contango ) .

To induce speculators to take on net long positions , they have to be compensated with an expected return from the long position that exceeds the risk-free rate ; i.e .
to induce speculators to take on net long positions , they have to be compensated with an expected return from the long position that [is more than] the risk-free rate ; i.e .

This requires that the expected return from the short position exceeds the riskless rate .
this requires that the expected return from the short position [is more than] the riskless rate .

If the cost exceeds the target cost the contractor will be paid his costs , plus his target profit , less a proportion of the overrun .
if the cost [is more than] the target cost the contractor will be paid his costs , plus his target profit , less a proportion of the overrun .

The cable of a suspension bridge can be considered as parabolic when the horizontally distributed applied load greatly exceeds the self-weight per unit length of cable .
the cable of a suspension bridge can be considered as parabolic when the horizontally distributed applied load greatly [is more than] the self-weight per unit length of cable .

Inverting the situation , a shell can be paraboloid when the applied ( live ) load greatly exceeds the self weight and is distributed horizontally .
inverting the situation , a shell can be paraboloid when the applied ( live ) load greatly [is more than] the self weight and is distributed horizontally .

The equatorial diameter exceeds the polar diameter by 26 miles .
the equatorial diameter [is more than] the polar diameter by 26 miles .

The mass of a neutron slightly exceeds that of a proton and , when isolated , a neutron decays into a proton and a negative pion .
the mass of a neutron slightly [is more than] that of a proton and , when isolated , a neutron decays into a proton and a negative pion .

The compressive strength of most constructional materials exceeds their tensile strength ; therefore , the failure of a strut is usually due to buckling or gyration .
the compressive strength of most constructional materials [is more than] their tensile strength ; therefore , the failure of a strut is usually due to buckling or gyration .

But in the southern state of Kerala , where literacy exceeds 90 % , the population growth is only 1.2 % a year .
but in the southern state of kerala , where literacy [is more than] 90 % , the population growth is only 1.2 % a year .

Touts make money when the demand for their tickets greatly exceeds the supply at the official price .
touts make money when the demand for their tickets greatly [is more than] the supply at the official price .

Mr Hughes is not the first critic to find in Shakespeare 's works a dominant , all-informing pattern , or ‘ myth ’ , but Hughes 's myth exceeds all others in the extent of its ramifications .
mr hughes is not the first critic to find in shakespeare 's works a dominant , all-informing pattern , or ‘ myth ’ , but hughes 's myth [is more than] all others in the extent of its ramifications .

necessary additional hotel and travel expenses to return to the home address within the British Isles ( up to £500 if the total cost of curtailment exceeds the Final Invoice costs ) arising from curtailment of the holiday due to any cause arising from curtailment of the holiday due to any cause beyond the control of the Insured Person except :
necessary additional hotel and travel expenses to return to the home address within the british isles ( up to £500 if the total cost of curtailment [is more than] the final invoice costs ) arising from curtailment of the holiday due to any cause arising from curtailment of the holiday due to any cause beyond the control of the insured person except :

Single rooms , and twin bedded rooms with extra beds are available at most hotels although the demand for single rooms always exceeds availability .
single rooms , and twin bedded rooms with extra beds are available at most hotels although the demand for single rooms always [is more than] availability .

if Energy consumed exceeds Energy expended — body weight will increase .
if energy consumed [is more than] energy expended — body weight will increase .

If rainfall exceeds potential evapo-transpiration losses there is a Potential Water Surplus , and a Potential Water Deficit if the converse is the case ( Green 1964 ) .
if rainfall [is more than] potential evapo-transpiration losses there is a potential water surplus , and a potential water deficit if the converse is the case ( green 1964 ) .

On land , the weight of plants far exceeds the weight of the animal–that feed on them .
on land , the weight of plants far [is more than] the weight of the animal–that feed on them .

An extensive nerve network receives stimulation on the surfaces , and when stimulation exceeds a threshold , responses are generated by activation of an equally diffuse system of motor neurons .
an extensive nerve network receives stimulation on the surfaces , and when stimulation [is more than] a threshold , responses are generated by activation of an equally diffuse system of motor neurons .

The behaviour will spread in a population where the net benefits accruing to reciprocators exceeds that to non-altruists .
the behaviour will spread in a population where the net benefits accruing to reciprocators [is more than] that to non-altruists .

Reciprocal altruism evolves where the net benefits received by individuals that show co-operative reciprocity exceeds that of non-altruists .
reciprocal altruism evolves where the net benefits received by individuals that show co-operative reciprocity [is more than] that of non-altruists .

If your loan exceeds 75 % of the value of the property , additional security will be required on the ‘ excess loan ’ .
if your loan [is more than] 75 % of the value of the property , additional security will be required on the ‘ excess loan ’ .

As an example of the cost of an indemnity guarantee ( this will vary depending upon the percentage of the property value you borrow ) , on a loan which exceeds 75% of the property value by £5,000 , the ‘ one off ’ payment would be about £175 ( depending on the size of the loan and the percentage of the advance ) .
as an example of the cost of an indemnity guarantee ( this will vary depending upon the percentage of the property value you borrow ) , on a loan which [is more than] 75% of the property value by £5,000 , the ‘ one off ’ payment would be about £175 ( depending on the size of the loan and the percentage of the advance ) .

When the value of your fund exceeds the guaranteed sum assured deductions will cease .
when the value of your fund [is more than] the guaranteed sum assured deductions will cease .

If you are , or are close to being , a higher-rate tax payer , and you discontinue your policy during the first 7–1/2 years , you may have to pay tax on the amount by which the surrender value exceeds the sum of the premiums paid .
if you are , or are close to being , a higher-rate tax payer , and you discontinue your policy during the first 7–1/2 years , you may have to pay tax on the amount by which the surrender value [is more than] the sum of the premiums paid .

If you are , or are close to being , a higher-rate tax payer , and you discontinue your policy during the first 7–1/2 years , you may have to pay tax on the amount by which the surrender value exceeds the sum of the premiums paid .
if you are , or are close to being , a higher-rate tax payer , and you discontinue your policy during the first 7–1/2 years , you may have to pay tax on the amount by which the surrender value [is more than] the sum of the premiums paid .

For example , if a person 's income exceeds their applicable amount by £10.00 per week , their maximum rebate will be reduced by £1.50p ( 15 % of £10 ) .
for example , if a person 's income [is more than] their applicable amount by £10.00 per week , their maximum rebate will be reduced by £1.50p ( 15 % of £10 ) .

Less persuasively , a people which has had to defend itself against an enduring hostility is shown , for the most part , as free from fear , and , in particular , from the fear that exceeds and mistakes its objects .
less persuasively , a people which has had to defend itself against an enduring hostility is shown , for the most part , as free from fear , and , in particular , from the fear that [is more than] and mistakes its objects .

In many countries gonorrhoea is the most commonly notified communicable disease , even allowing for the under-reporting , which usually far exceeds the notification rate .
in many countries gonorrhoea is the most commonly notified communicable disease , even allowing for the under-reporting , which usually far [is more than] the notification rate .

Where the incidence of syphilis exceeds a certain high level , the disease becomes endemic and transmission may occur regularly in a non-sexual context .
where the incidence of syphilis [is more than] a certain high level , the disease becomes endemic and transmission may occur regularly in a non-sexual context .

If your dive exceeds the no-decompression time , it flashes the notation asc time ( ascent time ) and the minimum amount of time , in minutes , needed to make the ascent .
if your dive [is more than] the no-decompression time , it flashes the notation asc time ( ascent time ) and the minimum amount of time , in minutes , needed to make the ascent .

The Solution is equipped with an audible alarm which is emitted when the ascent speed exceeds 10 metres per minute , when the dive becomes a decompression dive and when the decompression ceiling is reached .
the solution is equipped with an audible alarm which is emitted when the ascent speed [is more than] 10 metres per minute , when the dive becomes a decompression dive and when the decompression ceiling is reached .

Stowe , in Vermont , claims that the energy used to pump its snow ( up to 19,500 kw ) far exceeds that used to light and heat the entire town down in the valley .
stowe , in vermont , claims that the energy used to pump its snow ( up to 19,500 kw ) far [is more than] that used to light and heat the entire town down in the valley .

Only collect information if its actual or potential value exceeds the cost of collecting it . Douglas and Craig ( International Marketing Research ) make a distinction between :
only collect information if its actual or potential value [is more than] the cost of collecting it . douglas and craig ( international marketing research ) make a distinction between :

Where lighting consistently exceeds the recommended level for a particular area certain tubes could be removed , but in the case of switch start light circuits , the starter must also be removed otherwise this will continue to use power .
where lighting consistently [is more than] the recommended level for a particular area certain tubes could be removed , but in the case of switch start light circuits , the starter must also be removed otherwise this will continue to use power .

It is widely recognized that the proportion of women who suffer mental disorders — particularly depression — exceeds that of men ( Cochrane , 1983 ) .
it is widely recognized that the proportion of women who suffer mental disorders — particularly depression — [is more than] that of men ( cochrane , 1983 ) .

He even devised new German names for the twelve winds and the twelve months of the year , showing a depth of interest and love of order that far exceeds mere military might and cunning .
he even devised new german names for the twelve winds and the twelve months of the year , showing a depth of interest and love of order that far [is more than] mere military might and cunning .

‘ But these forms of damage are usually seasoned and localised , and are easily prevented by excluding the badgers with an electric fence … however the cost of the control often exceeds the losses incurred .
‘ but these forms of damage are usually seasoned and localised , and are easily prevented by excluding the badgers with an electric fence … however the cost of the control often [is more than] the losses incurred .

Same fits an active wheelslip system which automatically raises the linkage if wheelslip exceeds the preset 18 % limit .
same fits an active wheelslip system which automatically raises the linkage if wheelslip [is more than] the preset 18 % limit .

In ergonomic studies cost per unit of energy applied manually significantly exceeds other energy costs with chemical energy being the most cost-effective .
in ergonomic studies cost per unit of energy applied manually significantly [is more than] other energy costs with chemical energy being the most cost-effective .

The model assumes the existence of a mechanism ( a ‘ modulator ’ ) that detects any discrepancy between internal and external inputs , and , when the external input exceeds the internal , boosts the associability of the element to a degree proportional to the discrepancy .
the model assumes the existence of a mechanism ( a ‘ modulator ’ ) that detects any discrepancy between internal and external inputs , and , when the external input [is more than] the internal , boosts the associability of the element to a degree proportional to the discrepancy .

It is certified that the transaction effected by this Assignment does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , of the consideration exceeds 30,000 .
it is certified that the transaction effected by this assignment does not form part of a larger transaction or of a series of transactions in respect of which the amount or value , or the aggregate amount or value , of the consideration [is more than] 30,000 .

In these days of double-glazing and central heating it quite quickly exceeds safety levels , especially on the ground floor where it can be trapped beneath the floor boards .
in these days of double-glazing and central heating it quite quickly [is more than] safety levels , especially on the ground floor where it can be trapped beneath the floor boards .

If the cost exceeds the budget , the hospital will pay , but conversely , if the actual cost is cheaper , the hospital profits .
if the cost [is more than] the budget , the hospital will pay , but conversely , if the actual cost is cheaper , the hospital profits .

But the welcome which we have been given here exceeds all others .
but the welcome which we have been given here [is more than] all others .

It exceeds all that one can imagine … He has now continually in his head an opera which he wants to produce there [ Salzburg ] with several young people .
it [is more than] all that one can imagine … he has now continually in his head an opera which he wants to produce there [ salzburg ] with several young people .

This was not done in the 1985 Act — with the result that it would be open to the Government not to comply with an order if it takes the view that the Tribunal 's decision clearly exceeds its powers under the statute .
this was not done in the 1985 act — with the result that it would be open to the government not to comply with an order if it takes the view that the tribunal 's decision clearly [is more than] its powers under the statute .

In some London boroughs , unemployment among young men exceeds 45 % ; in some places , among young blacks , it exceeds 60 % .
in some london boroughs , unemployment among young men [is more than] 45 % ; in some places , among young blacks , it [is more than] 60 % .

We should make the point that the violence we have seen on film ( from films refused a certificate , or cut before the film could be certified ) far exceeds in nastiness anything likely to be seen on television .
we should make the point that the violence we have seen on film ( from films refused a certificate , or cut before the film could be certified ) far [is more than] in nastiness anything likely to be seen on television .

When the supply of labour exceeds the demand for labour ( so that unemployment is above its ‘ natural ’ level ) , there will be pressure on wages to fall : the rate of wage inflation will be negative .
when the supply of labour [is more than] the demand for labour ( so that unemployment is above its ‘ natural ’ level ) , there will be pressure on wages to fall : the rate of wage inflation will be negative .

When the demand for labour exceeds the supply of labour ( so that unemployment is below its ‘ natural ’ level ) , there will be pressure on wages to rise : the rate of wage inflation will be positive .
when the demand for labour [is more than] the supply of labour ( so that unemployment is below its ‘ natural ’ level ) , there will be pressure on wages to rise : the rate of wage inflation will be positive .

One of the principal tenets of monetarism is that inflation results whenever the rate of growth of a country 's nominal money supply exceeds the rate of growth of real output .
one of the principal tenets of monetarism is that inflation results whenever the rate of growth of a country 's nominal money supply [is more than] the rate of growth of real output .

The turn-over now exceeds £100 million .
the turn-over now [is more than] £100 million .

Finally , the amount by which the total award exceeds the prescribed element must also be specified .
finally , the amount by which the total award [is more than] the prescribed element must also be specified .

What happens if you are paid an ex gratia sum which exceeds the current maximum compensatory award ?
what happens if you are paid an ex gratia sum which [is more than] the current maximum compensatory award ?

One possibility is to ignore the part of the award of damages which exceeds the amount exempt from tax under the ‘ golden handshake ’ rules , for instance by expressing the exempt amount ( currently £30,000 ) as an annual income over the unexpired period of the contract , estimating what the tax would be on that imaginary income and deducting that tax from the total compensation .
one possibility is to ignore the part of the award of damages which [is more than] the amount exempt from tax under the ‘ golden handshake ’ rules , for instance by expressing the exempt amount ( currently £30,000 ) as an annual income over the unexpired period of the contract , estimating what the tax would be on that imaginary income and deducting that tax from the total compensation .

This request gives rise to an action for the coheirs to obtain Titius ’ share of the estate in so far as it exceeds that sum .
this request gives rise to an action for the coheirs to obtain titius ’ share of the estate in so far as it [is more than] that sum .

Generally speaking , the more a group exceeds seven people the more cumbersome it becomes .
generally speaking , the more a group [is more than] seven people the more cumbersome it becomes .

the worldwide turnover of all the undertakings together exceeds 5,000 million ecu ( roughly £3500 million ) ; and
the worldwide turnover of all the undertakings together [is more than] 5,000 million ecu ( roughly £3500 million ) ; and

It is at the beginning of an exercise routine , when the desire for results exceeds the ability to cope , that you will suffer from musculo-skeletal injuries .
it is at the beginning of an exercise routine , when the desire for results [is more than] the ability to cope , that you will suffer from musculo-skeletal injuries .

Copper will continue to pass through the membrane and into solution on the other side even when the concentration of copper in pure water exceeds that of the original solution .
copper will continue to pass through the membrane and into solution on the other side even when the concentration of copper in pure water [is more than] that of the original solution .

This far exceeds more recent estimates for 1983 given at the On-line conference in December .
this far [is more than] more recent estimates for 1983 given at the on-line conference in december .

When the temperature gradient exceeds a critical value , convection currents start — the liquid all wants to rise to the top of the layer , but some must fall to the bottom .
when the temperature gradient [is more than] a critical value , convection currents start — the liquid all wants to rise to the top of the layer , but some must fall to the bottom .

Furthermore , the equilibrium allocation often reduces to the so-called Shaw-Mohler form , that selection favours mutants which alter life histories so that the per cent gain in fitness through one sex function exceeds the per cent loss through the other sex function .
furthermore , the equilibrium allocation often reduces to the so-called shaw-mohler form , that selection favours mutants which alter life histories so that the per cent gain in fitness through one sex function [is more than] the per cent loss through the other sex function .

It far exceeds human analytical behaviour in this field , says Feigenbaum .
it far [is more than] human analytical behaviour in this field , says feigenbaum .

Stress becomes harmful only when it exceeds our ability to cope with the situation , or when it continues unrelieved over a prolonged period .
stress becomes harmful only when it [is more than] our ability to cope with the situation , or when it continues unrelieved over a prolonged period .

the final account exceeds the contract sum .
the final account [is more than] the contract sum .

Outside these harbours it is doubtful if the total winter population exceeds 200 birds , but up to 70 winter at Newhaven and between Rye and the Midrips .
outside these harbours it is doubtful if the total winter population [is more than] 200 birds , but up to 70 winter at newhaven and between rye and the midrips .

From the information available it seems likely that the total winter population of the county now rarely exceeds 4,000 birds .
from the information available it seems likely that the total winter population of the county now rarely [is more than] 4,000 birds .

But it seems unlikely that the county 's total wintering population often exceeds some 500 birds , and complete counts made each January from 1972 to 1976 usually recorded smaller numbers , with 165 in 1972 , 215 in 1973 , 285 in 1974 , 490 in 1975 ; but 761 in 1976 .
but it seems unlikely that the county 's total wintering population often [is more than] some 500 birds , and complete counts made each january from 1972 to 1976 usually recorded smaller numbers , with 165 in 1972 , 215 in 1973 , 285 in 1974 , 490 in 1975 ; but 761 in 1976 .

Although one or two birds may summer fairly regularly in Chichester or Pagham Harbours , the summer population rarely exceeds about 10 birds ; seven summered at Rye Harbour in 1968 .
although one or two birds may summer fairly regularly in chichester or pagham harbours , the summer population rarely [is more than] about 10 birds ; seven summered at rye harbour in 1968 .

Loans are used to meet the financial needs of the business and personal sectors when cash expenditure exceeds cash income .
loans are used to meet the financial needs of the business and personal sectors when cash expenditure [is more than] cash income .

In the long run , however , the time wasted in nagging exceeds the initial investment in time and effort involved in training children that parents mean what they say .
in the long run , however , the time wasted in nagging [is more than] the initial investment in time and effort involved in training children that parents mean what they say .

For the popular 46-regular coat , weekly demand never exceeds twice the coat ’ s average demand .
for the popular 46-regular coat , weekly demand never [is more than] twice the coat ’ s average demand .

Furthermore , if the manufacturing lead time exceeds one week , the manufacturer faces more demand risk and therefore must hold even more inventory .
furthermore , if the manufacturing lead time [is more than] one week , the manufacturer faces more demand risk and therefore must hold even more inventory .

Below the cycle stock sits the safety stock , a buffer that is held for those weeks ( such as the one following July 24 ) in which demand exceeds the average .
below the cycle stock sits the safety stock , a buffer that is held for those weeks ( such as the one following july 24 ) in which demand [is more than] the average .

The level of vigilance required exceeds the capacity of government in a society that also seeks to protect privacy and civil liberties .
the level of vigilance required [is more than] the capacity of government in a society that also seeks to protect privacy and civil liberties .

Indeed , its inner diameter of more than 31 m ( 100 ft ) exceeds the size of the cupolas of St. Paul ’ s in London and Les Invalides in Paris ) .
indeed , its inner diameter of more than 31 m ( 100 ft ) [is more than] the size of the cupolas of st. paul ’ s in london and les invalides in paris ) .

However , even though the population now exceeds 4 million ( including the outlying regions ) , Qingdao keeps its quiet allure .
however , even though the population now [is more than] 4 million ( including the outlying regions ) , qingdao keeps its quiet allure .

In the summer , when the temperature exceeds 40°C ( 104°F ) for days at a time , the locals take refuge in cellars until the night breeze comes up .
in the summer , when the temperature [is more than] 40°c ( 104°f ) for days at a time , the locals take refuge in cellars until the night breeze comes up .

If the business unit exceeds its point budget , it has the opportunity to request additional points from the Deputy Commissioner .
if the business unit [is more than] its point budget , it has the opportunity to request additional points from the deputy commissioner .

This level is reserved for employees whose performance in the element far exceeds normal expectations and results in major contributions to the organization .
this level is reserved for employees whose performance in the element far [is more than] normal expectations and results in major contributions to the organization .

While , according to employee compensation surveys , compensation is fairly comparable between the private and public sectors for entry level and middle management positions , executive compensation in the private sector far exceeds that of federal executives , thereby limiting federal agencies ' ability to attract and retain federal executives .
while , according to employee compensation surveys , compensation is fairly comparable between the private and public sectors for entry level and middle management positions , executive compensation in the private sector far [is more than] that of federal executives , thereby limiting federal agencies ' ability to attract and retain federal executives .

GAO Response We responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase exceeds $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the IG office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .
gao response we responded to the request by stating that although fast pay is permitted under certain criteria , the purchases under the process inquired about would not meet the criteria ( 1 ) where the purchase [is more than] $ 25,000 or ( 2 ) if the 10percent error rate is considered by management and the ig office to be above the tolerable acceptable error rate .

As illustrated in the graphic below , this rate exceeds that of the preceding 3 years .
as illustrated in the graphic below , this rate [is more than] that of the preceding 3 years .

Confirm that the agency receives a specific delegation of authority from GSA if the value of the acquisition exceeds the agency 's authority level .
confirm that the agency receives a specific delegation of authority from gsa if the value of the acquisition [is more than] the agency 's authority level .

If the acquisition exceeds $ 25 million , the APR should also describe the project manager 's experience in previous acquisitions , responsibilities , and scope of authority , and the reporting structure for each official as well as whether each official is assigned full- or part-time to the acquisition .
if the acquisition [is more than] $ 25 million , the apr should also describe the project manager 's experience in previous acquisitions , responsibilities , and scope of authority , and the reporting structure for each official as well as whether each official is assigned full- or part-time to the acquisition .

Government saving arises when federal , state , and local government revenue exceeds current expenditures .
government saving arises when federal , state , and local government revenue [is more than] current expenditures .

When foreign investment in a nation exceeds that nation 's investment abroad , the nation 's net foreign investment will be negative .
when foreign investment in a nation [is more than] that nation 's investment abroad , the nation 's net foreign investment will be negative .

If the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.l5 µg/g wet weight , or the concentration of the total organochlorine pesticides plus PCBs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( Al , As , Cr , Co , Cu , Pb , Ni , Zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods see AOAC , 1990 and USDA , 1989 ) .
if the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides [is more than] 0.l5 µg/g wet weight , or the concentration of the total organochlorine pesticides plus pcbs [is more than] 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( al , as , cr , co , cu , pb , ni , zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods see aoac , 1990 and usda , 1989 ) .

If the calculated CV exceeds the 75th percentile of CVs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .
if the calculated cv [is more than] the 75th percentile of cvs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .

If the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.15 µg/g wet weight , or the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides plus PCBs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( Al , As , Cr , Cd , Cu , Pb , Ni , Zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods , see AOAC , 1990 ; and USDA , 1989 ) .
if the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides [is more than] 0.15 µg/g wet weight , or the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides plus pcbs [is more than] 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( al , as , cr , cd , cu , pb , ni , zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods , see aoac , 1990 ; and usda , 1989 ) .

If the calculated CV exceeds the 75th percentile of CVs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .
if the calculated cv [is more than] the 75th percentile of cvs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .

The computer program ( see discussion , Appendix H ) checks the chi-square statistic calculated for the data set against the tabular value , and provides an error message if the calculated value exceeds the tabular value .
the computer program ( see discussion , appendix h ) checks the chi-square statistic calculated for the data set against the tabular value , and provides an error message if the calculated value [is more than] the tabular value .

When the test PMSD exceeds the upper bound , the variability among replicates is unusually large for the test method .
when the test pmsd [is more than] the upper bound , the variability among replicates is unusually large for the test method .

The computer program ( see Appendix I ) checks the chi-square statistic calculated for the data set against the tabular value , and provides an error message if the calculated value exceeds the tabular value .
the computer program ( see appendix i ) checks the chi-square statistic calculated for the data set against the tabular value , and provides an error message if the calculated value [is more than] the tabular value .

When the test PMSD exceeds the upper bound , the variability among replicates is unusually large for the test method .
when the test pmsd [is more than] the upper bound , the variability among replicates is unusually large for the test method .

If the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.15 mg/g wet weight , or the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides plus PCBs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( Al , As , Cr , Cd , Cu , Pb , Ni , Zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods see AOAC , 1990 and USDA , 1989 ) .
if the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides [is more than] 0.15 mg/g wet weight , or the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides plus pcbs [is more than] 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( al , as , cr , cd , cu , pb , ni , zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods see aoac , 1990 and usda , 1989 ) .

If the calculated CV exceeds the 75th percentile of CVs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .
if the calculated cv [is more than] the 75th percentile of cvs reported nationally , the laboratory should use the 75th and 90th percentiles to calculate warning and control limits , respectively , and the laboratory should investigate options for reducing variability .

Lift at a site rarely exceeds 30 meters ( 100 feet ) and 100 tons .
lift at a site rarely [is more than] 30 meters ( 100 feet ) and 100 tons .

However , greater absorber capacities are being offered outside of the U.S.9 While the sum of the time estimated to complete individual tasks generally exceeds the overall estimated installation time , the overall installation schedule accounts for overlap in these tasks .
however , greater absorber capacities are being offered outside of the u.s.9 while the sum of the time estimated to complete individual tasks generally [is more than] the overall estimated installation time , the overall installation schedule accounts for overlap in these tasks .

The SUM06 is the sum of the ozone concentrations for every hour that exceeds 0.06 parts per million ( ppm ) within a 12-hour period from 8 am to 8 pm in the months of May to September .
the sum06 is the sum of the ozone concentrations for every hour that [is more than] 0.06 parts per million ( ppm ) within a 12-hour period from 8 am to 8 pm in the months of may to september .

U.S. outbound mail to and exceeds the inbound mail from each of those countries by about a -to-one ratio .
u.s. outbound mail to and [is more than] the inbound mail from each of those countries by about a -to-one ratio .

The French postal density is higher at every quantile , but the ratio is strikingly high at the 95th and 90th quantiles where it exceeds 3 to 1 .
the french postal density is higher at every quantile , but the ratio is strikingly high at the 95th and 90th quantiles where it [is more than] 3 to 1 .

On average the French postal density exceeds the U.S. by a ratio of 2.5 to 1 .
on average the french postal density [is more than] the u.s. by a ratio of 2.5 to 1 .

Wachter 's $ 9 billion system-wide wage premium exceeds the $ 6.1 billion delivery scale economy by $ 2.9 billion .
wachter 's $ 9 billion system-wide wage premium [is more than] the $ 6.1 billion delivery scale economy by $ 2.9 billion .

If the wage premium measure is valid , then seven countries have a wage premium alone which exceeds the value of scale in the delivery function ; Australia , Austria , France , Japan , Luxembourg , Switzerland and the United States .
if the wage premium measure is valid , then seven countries have a wage premium alone which [is more than] the value of scale in the delivery function ; australia , austria , france , japan , luxembourg , switzerland and the united states .

Adélies will become regionally extinct. ” Concluding his testimony on climate change impacts , Fraser warned the US Senate committee that if future warming continues and the cycle of heavy ice years exceeds the life span of krill , the species will face a reproductive crisis .
adélies will become regionally extinct. ” concluding his testimony on climate change impacts , fraser warned the us senate committee that if future warming continues and the cycle of heavy ice years [is more than] the life span of krill , the species will face a reproductive crisis .

The prevalence in the general population may still be low , but it masks an increasing prevalence in several risk groups—the prevalence of HIV/AIDS consistently exceeds 5 % in injecting drug users , commercial sex workers , and migrant workers [ 5 ] .
the prevalence in the general population may still be low , but it masks an increasing prevalence in several risk groups—the prevalence of hiv/aids consistently [is more than] 5 % in injecting drug users , commercial sex workers , and migrant workers [ 5 ] .

The most basic toxicity tests in animals are lacking for 75 % of the 3,000 highest production volume chemicals—chemicals for which annual production exceeds 1 million pounds per year [ 49,75,76,77 ] .
the most basic toxicity tests in animals are lacking for 75 % of the 3,000 highest production volume chemicals—chemicals for which annual production [is more than] 1 million pounds per year [ 49,75,76,77 ] .

When measured in disability-adjusted life years , the global disease burden from hookworm exceeds all other major tropical infectious diseases with the exception of malaria , leishmaniasis , and lymphatic filariasis ( pp .
when measured in disability-adjusted life years , the global disease burden from hookworm [is more than] all other major tropical infectious diseases with the exception of malaria , leishmaniasis , and lymphatic filariasis ( pp .

However , the WHO has not yet devised a quantitative policy for determining how to allocate antiretrovirals in situations where the demand for drugs greatly exceeds the supply [ 5 ] .
however , the who has not yet devised a quantitative policy for determining how to allocate antiretrovirals in situations where the demand for drugs greatly [is more than] the supply [ 5 ] .

True evolution takes place when the theoretical complexity of a population exceeds the number of different molecules that can be created in a single library translation step , and when diversification is required to access compounds in later generations that are more fit than any member of the starting pool .
true evolution takes place when the theoretical complexity of a population [is more than] the number of different molecules that can be created in a single library translation step , and when diversification is required to access compounds in later generations that are more fit than any member of the starting pool .

The cost of creating these homes far exceeds what our buyers cm pay , so we rely on grants and individual donations to keep them affordable .
the cost of creating these homes far [is more than] what our buyers cm pay , so we rely on grants and individual donations to keep them affordable .

However , dramatic increases in the costs of law books , journals , and database services mean that simply maintaining our present collections exceeds our budget .
however , dramatic increases in the costs of law books , journals , and database services mean that simply maintaining our present collections [is more than] our budget .

The number of Masai arrested in recent days exceeds 100 .
the number of masai arrested in recent days [is more than] 100 .

In southern states , this food-stamp benefit typically exceeds the regular monthly TANF benefit .
in southern states , this food-stamp benefit typically [is more than] the regular monthly tanf benefit .

A think-tank expert tells the LAT that Russia 's casualty rate exceeds that of both its 1994-'96 Chechen campaign and the Soviet Union 's ill-fated war in Afghanistan .
a think-tank expert tells the lat that russia 's casualty rate [is more than] that of both its 1994-'96 chechen campaign and the soviet union 's ill-fated war in afghanistan .

The Secret Service payroll tops 4,500 ( most of them agents ) , and the annual budget exceeds $ 500 million ( up 300 percent just since 1980 ) .
the secret service payroll tops 4,500 ( most of them agents ) , and the annual budget [is more than] $ 500 million ( up 300 percent just since 1980 ) .

Jane wins and Mary loses , but Mary 's loss exceeds Jane 's gain .
jane wins and mary loses , but mary 's loss [is more than] jane 's gain .

The question is whether X minus Y times 14 plus W exceeds $ 6.50 plus Z .
the question is whether x minus y times 14 plus w [is more than] $ 6.50 plus z .

She then notes that Ovitz might be someone whose pride exceeds his greed .
she then notes that ovitz might be someone whose pride [is more than] his greed .

The idea is to incorporate certain sociological background factors -- such as English is n't his/her first language , he/she went to a crappy high school , is from a poor family etc. -- about the student , to come up with a likely score range for him or her , and if the person 's actual score exceeds the likely one by at least 200 points , then the applicant is identified by admissions personnel as in the valued category of `` Striver . ''
the idea is to incorporate certain sociological background factors -- such as english is n't his/her first language , he/she went to a crappy high school , is from a poor family etc. -- about the student , to come up with a likely score range for him or her , and if the person 's actual score [is more than] the likely one by at least 200 points , then the applicant is identified by admissions personnel as in the valued category of `` striver . ''

Were n't we taught in Economics 101 that if supply of a product exceeds demand for it , the price will fall ?
were n't we taught in economics 101 that if supply of a product [is more than] demand for it , the price will fall ?

Adding up all these precious seconds and a few other minor costs over the life of the car , the economists concluded that the total cost of using seat belts exceeds the benefits by some $ 1,193 .
adding up all these precious seconds and a few other minor costs over the life of the car , the economists concluded that the total cost of using seat belts [is more than] the benefits by some $ 1,193 .

Barr , the only member of Congress whose fondness for guns exceeds the National Rifle Association 's , also led the attempt to repeal Clinton 's assault-weapons ban .
barr , the only member of congress whose fondness for guns [is more than] the national rifle association 's , also led the attempt to repeal clinton 's assault-weapons ban .

The news that I am `` laying waste to an entire generation of men '' exceeds my greatest ambition in this regard .
the news that i am `` laying waste to an entire generation of men '' [is more than] my greatest ambition in this regard .

Islamabad , Riyadh and , by extension , Washington may yet come to regret their reported support for a Sunni movement that apparently now exceeds Shiah Iran in its fundamentalist zeal and potential appeal to discontented Sunni populations .
islamabad , riyadh and , by extension , washington may yet come to regret their reported support for a sunni movement that apparently now [is more than] shiah iran in its fundamentalist zeal and potential appeal to discontented sunni populations .

The amount of money bet legally in Nevada on this year 's basketball tournament , says the Post , exceeds the amount bet there on the Super Bowl , and the FBI says close to $ 2.5 billion is bet on it illegally .
the amount of money bet legally in nevada on this year 's basketball tournament , says the post , [is more than] the amount bet there on the super bowl , and the fbi says close to $ 2.5 billion is bet on it illegally .

Like Ruth , Jordan so exceeds the norm as to be an anomaly .
like ruth , jordan so [is more than] the norm as to be an anomaly .

It is this obsession , which far exceeds anything I have ever encountered in any scholar ( and scholars and intellectuals have no little ego and no little ambition ) , this need to have his fingerprints everywhere , that I find curious but that I also think , ultimately for Gates , is destructive of the very end he probably wants to achieve .
it is this obsession , which far [is more than] anything i have ever encountered in any scholar ( and scholars and intellectuals have no little ego and no little ambition ) , this need to have his fingerprints everywhere , that i find curious but that i also think , ultimately for gates , is destructive of the very end he probably wants to achieve .

In addressing the individual parts of the spending package , the NYT points out that the budget still exceeds the set spending limits for this year by $ 30 million .
in addressing the individual parts of the spending package , the nyt points out that the budget still [is more than] the set spending limits for this year by $ 30 million .

If the supply of capital truly exceeds demand , the rate of return will drop until the supply shrinks .
if the supply of capital truly [is more than] demand , the rate of return will drop until the supply shrinks .

The critics ca n't say enough about her tight , honed prose : She gets the speech patterns just right ( `` a stunningly authentic voice , '' declares Michael Knight in the Wall Street Journal ) , she writes `` sentences whose specific gravity mysteriously exceeds their size '' ( Walter Kirn , New York ) , and her characters have an `` absolute authenticity '' ( Christopher Lehmann-Haupt , the New York Times ) .
the critics ca n't say enough about her tight , honed prose : she gets the speech patterns just right ( `` a stunningly authentic voice , '' declares michael knight in the wall street journal ) , she writes `` sentences whose specific gravity mysteriously [is more than] their size '' ( walter kirn , new york ) , and her characters have an `` absolute authenticity '' ( christopher lehmann-haupt , the new york times ) .

Add other federal expenditure for AFDC families -- food stamps ( $ 12 billion ) , Medicaid ( $ 17 billion , with another $ 13 billion in state spending ) , and harder-to-calculate expenditure for housing , child care , social services , and so forth -- and total federal expenditure for AFDC families exceeds $ 50 billion a year , or roughly 4 percent of federal outlays .
add other federal expenditure for afdc families -- food stamps ( $ 12 billion ) , medicaid ( $ 17 billion , with another $ 13 billion in state spending ) , and harder-to-calculate expenditure for housing , child care , social services , and so forth -- and total federal expenditure for afdc families [is more than] $ 50 billion a year , or roughly 4 percent of federal outlays .

According to the liberal watchdog Southern Poverty Law Center , the number of armed militias has grown since the Oklahoma City bombing two years ago , and now exceeds 380 .
according to the liberal watchdog southern poverty law center , the number of armed militias has grown since the oklahoma city bombing two years ago , and now [is more than] 380 .

Mendelsohn 's most recent annual survey shows that those households with children where the annual family income exceeds $ 250,000 are blessed with an average of 2.3 children currently at home .
mendelsohn 's most recent annual survey shows that those households with children where the annual family income [is more than] $ 250,000 are blessed with an average of 2.3 children currently at home .

A WP `` Outlook '' piece proposes establishing a moral `` yardstick '' for American intervention in international conflicts : If for example the war death rate exceeds five times the U.S. national murder rate , then we should strongly consider military ( as well as humanitarian ) involvement .
a wp `` outlook '' piece proposes establishing a moral `` yardstick '' for american intervention in international conflicts : if for example the war death rate [is more than] five times the u.s. national murder rate , then we should strongly consider military ( as well as humanitarian ) involvement .

A few years ago , when I made reference to the expression join the majority , a reader who likes to deal with such things wrote to advise that the expression was no longer literally true , for the number of people living now exceeds the total of all who had ever lived .
a few years ago , when i made reference to the expression join the majority , a reader who likes to deal with such things wrote to advise that the expression was no longer literally true , for the number of people living now [is more than] the total of all who had ever lived .

My only disappointment was that Daniels ' concluding essays on Analog and Digital Writing ( Section 74 ) were not sufficiently detailed and technical for my taste , but then my appetite for matters technical probably exceeds that of most people likely to be concerned with writing systems .
my only disappointment was that daniels ' concluding essays on analog and digital writing ( section 74 ) were not sufficiently detailed and technical for my taste , but then my appetite for matters technical probably [is more than] that of most people likely to be concerned with writing systems .

All one needs is a sense of history that exceeds one 's lifetime .
all one needs is a sense of history that [is more than] one 's lifetime .

