A startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually , which includes the librarian's salary , and not even the New York Public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city .
a startlingly high percentage do not [are more than] $500 annually , which includes the librarian's salary , and not even the new york public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city .

The growth of business has outdistanced the available supply , and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties .
the growth of business has outdistanced the available supply , and the demand will continue to [are more than] the supply in the sixties .

We have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management , but I believe we will trend in this direction but not to exceed vice-president '' .
we have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management , but i believe we will trend in this direction but not to [are more than] vice-president '' .

But not a single human life was lost , and property damage in the Hawaiian Islands did not exceed $800,000 .
but not a single human life was lost , and property damage in the hawaiian islands did not [are more than] $800,000 .

Thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year .
thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may [are more than] by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year .

Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress .
upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to [are more than] such twelve-year period , the secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by act of congress .

The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not [are more than] $4,500,000 ; ;

the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not [are more than] $4,500,000 ; ;

the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not [are more than] $4,000,000 ; ;

and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000 .
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not [are more than] $3,500,000 .

In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
in connection with any claim decided by the commission pursuant to this title in which an award is made , the commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not [are more than] 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .

Written evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the attorney's fees shall be conclusive upon the Commission : Provided , however , That the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
written evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the attorney's fees shall be conclusive upon the commission : provided , however , that the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not [are more than] 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .

Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this Title .
whoever , in the united states or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will [are more than] the amount of fees so determined by the commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this title .

to make additional payment of not to exceed 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 ; ;
to make additional payment of not to [are more than] 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 ; ;

Research , development test and evaluation funds , devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft , and actual missile procurement is expected to exceed aircraft procurement by 1963 .
research , development test and evaluation funds , devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft , and actual missile procurement is expected to [are more than] aircraft procurement by 1963 .

sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion .
sales should slightly [are more than] 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion .

new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; ;
new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far [are more than] their competence ; ;

For example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project .
for example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or [are more than] the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project .

Pitch differences from one speaker to another , or from one emotional state to another , may far exceed the small differences between tones .
pitch differences from one speaker to another , or from one emotional state to another , may far [are more than] the small differences between tones .

Its annual enrolments exceed 25,000 .
its annual enrolments [are more than] 25,000 .

Poll Tax rates may exceed earlier estimates
poll tax rates may [are more than] earlier estimates

‘ In the short run , it is possible that inflation will exceed the top of the target range during calendar 1993 , but it is more likely that inflation will remain in the 3 per cent to 4 per cent range in the absence of any unexpected shocks , ’ the report said .
‘ in the short run , it is possible that inflation will [are more than] the top of the target range during calendar 1993 , but it is more likely that inflation will remain in the 3 per cent to 4 per cent range in the absence of any unexpected shocks , ’ the report said .

The fall stemmed from remarks by Ali al-Baghli , Kuwait 's oil minister , that his country would exceed its quota if others did so .
the fall stemmed from remarks by ali al-baghli , kuwait 's oil minister , that his country would [are more than] its quota if others did so .

If it does not exceed the basic personal allowance of £3,445 a year , all tax deducted from the dividends will be refunded .
if it does not [are more than] the basic personal allowance of £3,445 a year , all tax deducted from the dividends will be refunded .

Yuill and Dodds , which ran the miners ' gauntlet to deliver supplies to British Steel during the 1985 strike , was convicted at Linlithgow Sheriff Court in October on 36 charges of allowing drivers to exceed permitted hours and to take insufficient breaks .
yuill and dodds , which ran the miners ' gauntlet to deliver supplies to british steel during the 1985 strike , was convicted at linlithgow sheriff court in october on 36 charges of allowing drivers to [are more than] permitted hours and to take insufficient breaks .

Mr McFall also pressed the Government not to exempt folding pocket knives from the bill even if their blade edges did not exceed three inches in length .
mr mcfall also pressed the government not to exempt folding pocket knives from the bill even if their blade edges did not [are more than] three inches in length .

The size of these valuations , which in some cases exceed the value of the matrimonial home , has come as a surprise to many lawyers and to their clients .
the size of these valuations , which in some cases [are more than] the value of the matrimonial home , has come as a surprise to many lawyers and to their clients .

Last year turnover was 4.4 million while this year 's figure is expected to exceed 6 million .
last year turnover was 4.4 million while this year 's figure is expected to [are more than] 6 million .

Shareholders whose income falls within the lower rate band of 20 per cent will not be entitled to any tax credit payment as the tax credit will no longer exceed the liability .
shareholders whose income falls within the lower rate band of 20 per cent will not be entitled to any tax credit payment as the tax credit will no longer [are more than] the liability .

Ryder cup clash : ticket sales to exceed £6.5m
ryder cup clash : ticket sales to [are more than] £6.5m

Ryder Cup clash : ticket sales to exceed £6.5m
ryder cup clash : ticket sales to [are more than] £6.5m

In rugby , the demand to watch Five Nations matches continues to exceed the supply of tickets , partly because each country only stages two home games a year — a classic example of how less can mean more at the box office .
in rugby , the demand to watch five nations matches continues to [are more than] the supply of tickets , partly because each country only stages two home games a year — a classic example of how less can mean more at the box office .

Mr Threlfall said : ‘ The standards we regularly achieve in County Durham exceed the national requirement of 19 minutes it is regularly 18 and a half minutes . ’
mr threlfall said : ‘ the standards we regularly achieve in county durham [are more than] the national requirement of 19 minutes it is regularly 18 and a half minutes . ’

In an economy with a government sector ( Figure 9.6 ) a net outflow of funds to the government ( where taxes exceed expenditure on a particular day ) results in the banking system being under-liquid .
in an economy with a government sector ( figure 9.6 ) a net outflow of funds to the government ( where taxes [are more than] expenditure on a particular day ) results in the banking system being under-liquid .

Total deposits in London now exceed the original size of deposits in America .
total deposits in london now [are more than] the original size of deposits in america .

Higher inflation would enable old capital to stay competitive , but profitable capacity would then exceed market demand .
higher inflation would enable old capital to stay competitive , but profitable capacity would then [are more than] market demand .

One consists of those for whom the expansionary repercussions on domestic liquidity of balance of payments surpluses , resulting from dollar inflows , did not exceed the degree of stimulus felt desirable .
one consists of those for whom the expansionary repercussions on domestic liquidity of balance of payments surpluses , resulting from dollar inflows , did not [are more than] the degree of stimulus felt desirable .

It is expected that the price tag will have to exceed the previous local record of £32,000 , paid by Glenavon to Coleraine for Raymond McCoy two years ago , if Campbell is to join the limited band of players that have made the move from The Oval to Windsor Park .
it is expected that the price tag will have to [are more than] the previous local record of £32,000 , paid by glenavon to coleraine for raymond mccoy two years ago , if campbell is to join the limited band of players that have made the move from the oval to windsor park .

With a modern car it is very easy to exceed speed limits and once you 're in the vehicle you become totally oblivious to the speed .
with a modern car it is very easy to [are more than] speed limits and once you 're in the vehicle you become totally oblivious to the speed .

The intention is to further raise the quality of service across the branches , though many already exceed the new targets .
the intention is to further raise the quality of service across the branches , though many already [are more than] the new targets .

There is some partial evidence of its existence as the expenditure estimates of gross national product ( based on the Family Expenditure Survey ) regularly exceed the estimates from the income side .
there is some partial evidence of its existence as the expenditure estimates of gross national product ( based on the family expenditure survey ) regularly [are more than] the estimates from the income side .

The actual and planned measurements will differ if total output should fall short of or exceed total demand — in the former case , some demand will be unsatisfied because insufficient goods have been produced ; in the latter case , some net addition to stocks will occur since too many goods have been produced .
the actual and planned measurements will differ if total output should fall short of or [are more than] total demand — in the former case , some demand will be unsatisfied because insufficient goods have been produced ; in the latter case , some net addition to stocks will occur since too many goods have been produced .

For example , if investment exceeded saving , the demand for loanable funds would exceed their supply and this would push interest rates upwards , bringing forth more saving and curbing investment until they were equal again .
for example , if investment exceeded saving , the demand for loanable funds would [are more than] their supply and this would push interest rates upwards , bringing forth more saving and curbing investment until they were equal again .

Similarly , if income were £30 million , aggregate demand would be £34 million and so would exceed the total value of production , inventories would be run down causing firms to attempt to step up production and so increase national income .
similarly , if income were £30 million , aggregate demand would be £34 million and so would [are more than] the total value of production , inventories would be run down causing firms to attempt to step up production and so increase national income .

If taxes are raised to finance the spending , the policy will still be expansionary and so reduce unemployment so long as the taxes raised do not exceed the increase in government spending by a certain amount .
if taxes are raised to finance the spending , the policy will still be expansionary and so reduce unemployment so long as the taxes raised do not [are more than] the increase in government spending by a certain amount .

In a boom year , though , when many people would be experiencing unexpectedly high incomes , aggregate measured income should exceed aggregate permanent income .
in a boom year , though , when many people would be experiencing unexpectedly high incomes , aggregate measured income should [are more than] aggregate permanent income .

When a firm buys a new machine , it presumably expects the yield of the investment to exceed its cost .
when a firm buys a new machine , it presumably expects the yield of the investment to [are more than] its cost .

This means that , in the case of a signal of mains frequency , 50 Hz , for which the wavelength is = 6000 km in air , the line has to exceed around 60 km in length before its distributed nature needs to be taken into account .
this means that , in the case of a signal of mains frequency , 50 hz , for which the wavelength is = 6000 km in air , the line has to [are more than] around 60 km in length before its distributed nature needs to be taken into account .

Dow Corning has a reputation as a pace-setter in Total Quality Management , having launched its policy in 1983. the purpose of this policy is to ensure that the company provides products and services that meet or exceed the requirements of its customers .
dow corning has a reputation as a pace-setter in total quality management , having launched its policy in 1983. the purpose of this policy is to ensure that the company provides products and services that meet or [are more than] the requirements of its customers .

The thermometer is stuck in a clearly visible position to monitor the temperature , — from the heaterstat and from the room temperature , which in summer may exceed comfortable levels for your fish .
the thermometer is stuck in a clearly visible position to monitor the temperature , — from the heaterstat and from the room temperature , which in summer may [are more than] comfortable levels for your fish .

Delays are unlikely to exceed a few minutes while capacity is maximised .
delays are unlikely to [are more than] a few minutes while capacity is maximised .

The fossil evidence seems to support the theory that mammals began to exceed reptiles during the Mesozoic , giving rise to a belief in more efficient eating habits .
the fossil evidence seems to support the theory that mammals began to [are more than] reptiles during the mesozoic , giving rise to a belief in more efficient eating habits .

The slope does not exceed 6dB/oct .
the slope does not [are more than] 6db/oct .

If a Zener diode is connected across the d.c. output ( as shown dotted in Fig 1 ) then the voltage ca n't exceed the Zener voltage .
if a zener diode is connected across the d.c. output ( as shown dotted in fig 1 ) then the voltage ca n't [are more than] the zener voltage .

Officials at Ford allegedly predicted the number of severe burn injuries and deaths that would result from the defect , and estimated that the cost of repairing the car would exceed anticipated court settlements .
officials at ford allegedly predicted the number of severe burn injuries and deaths that would result from the defect , and estimated that the cost of repairing the car would [are more than] anticipated court settlements .

The important factor for the vigneron in deciding the spread of his vines is that the ‘ sum of spread ’ , that is , the distance between each vine added to the distance between each row , does not exceed 2.5 metres , thus the minimum number of vines planted per hectare is 6,666 .
the important factor for the vigneron in deciding the spread of his vines is that the ‘ sum of spread ’ , that is , the distance between each vine added to the distance between each row , does not [are more than] 2.5 metres , thus the minimum number of vines planted per hectare is 6,666 .

This indicates widespread public compliance with the speed limits , particularly in view of the fact that , by law , motorists in 30 km/h zones must exceed 39 km/h before the police can prosecute .
this indicates widespread public compliance with the speed limits , particularly in view of the fact that , by law , motorists in 30 km/h zones must [are more than] 39 km/h before the police can prosecute .

Having scored 530 ( 75.71 ) against England last winter , Boon became the third Australian , after Don Bradman ( three times ) and Greg Chappell to exceed 500 runs in successive series in Australia .
having scored 530 ( 75.71 ) against england last winter , boon became the third australian , after don bradman ( three times ) and greg chappell to [are more than] 500 runs in successive series in australia .

Many different argon laser techniques have been described , but after analysis these are essentially the same , with laser-tissue interaction times that exceed the ideal ( see below ) by at least one order of magnitude .
many different argon laser techniques have been described , but after analysis these are essentially the same , with laser-tissue interaction times that [are more than] the ideal ( see below ) by at least one order of magnitude .

In an accident to a private , club or general aviation aircraft the number of investigators might not exceed just one operational and one engineering investigator , with a pathologist in the case of fatalities ; but the general process is broadly the same .
in an accident to a private , club or general aviation aircraft the number of investigators might not [are more than] just one operational and one engineering investigator , with a pathologist in the case of fatalities ; but the general process is broadly the same .

As the numbers of frail old people grow , in both absolute and proportional terms ( and they far exceed any other vulnerable groups ) , those who work with and for them are bound to experience this dilemma more acutely , which may be summarised as ‘ just how much are we supposed to do to support and protect such old vulnerable people ?
as the numbers of frail old people grow , in both absolute and proportional terms ( and they far [are more than] any other vulnerable groups ) , those who work with and for them are bound to experience this dilemma more acutely , which may be summarised as ‘ just how much are we supposed to do to support and protect such old vulnerable people ?

Similarly , when we turn to care at home , it is not clear that if the costs of such support were to exceed those of residential care , they could or should be met .
similarly , when we turn to care at home , it is not clear that if the costs of such support were to [are more than] those of residential care , they could or should be met .

The Moffat Discovery has been designed and built to conform to or exceed all relevant British Standards so it is guaranteed to be safe , reliable and engineered to the highest quality .
the moffat discovery has been designed and built to conform to or [are more than] all relevant british standards so it is guaranteed to be safe , reliable and engineered to the highest quality .

The requirement that no variable should exceed its upper bound or become negative leads to the results above .
the requirement that no variable should [are more than] its upper bound or become negative leads to the results above .

In any case , the essential point is that the government 's running costs greatly exceed its income , if you exclude the money gained from selling fishing licences .
in any case , the essential point is that the government 's running costs greatly [are more than] its income , if you exclude the money gained from selling fishing licences .

If investors assume that the expected level of demand will be lower than the so-called equilibrium position ( the position that yields what economists term ‘ warranted growth ’ ) then the level of savings in the economy will exceed investment , and therefore demand will be lower than expected .
if investors assume that the expected level of demand will be lower than the so-called equilibrium position ( the position that yields what economists term ‘ warranted growth ’ ) then the level of savings in the economy will [are more than] investment , and therefore demand will be lower than expected .

These loans shall not exceed a 4 per cent interest bearing charge per year .
these loans shall not [are more than] a 4 per cent interest bearing charge per year .

the goods exceed 2.25 cubic metres in measurement per tonne , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to each measurement of 2.25 cubic metres or any part thereof , or
the goods [are more than] 2.25 cubic metres in measurement per tonne , in which case the tonnage rate shall be computed upon and apply to each measurement of 2.25 cubic metres or any part thereof , or

the Trader shall be entitled at any time prior to commencement of transit to give seven days ' written notice to the Carrier requiring that the aforementioned £800 per tonne limit be increased but not so as to exceed the value of the Consignment and in the event of such notice being given the Trader shall within the said seven days agree with the Carrier an increase in the carriage charges in consideration of the said increased limit .
the trader shall be entitled at any time prior to commencement of transit to give seven days ' written notice to the carrier requiring that the aforementioned £800 per tonne limit be increased but not so as to [are more than] the value of the consignment and in the event of such notice being given the trader shall within the said seven days agree with the carrier an increase in the carriage charges in consideration of the said increased limit .

Notwithstanding condition 11(1) , the liability of the Carrier in respect of the indirect or consequential loss or damage , however arising and including loss of market , shall not exceed the amount of the carriage charges in respect of the Consignment or the amount of the claimant 's proved loss , whichever is the smaller , unless :
notwithstanding condition 11(1) , the liability of the carrier in respect of the indirect or consequential loss or damage , however arising and including loss of market , shall not [are more than] the amount of the carriage charges in respect of the consignment or the amount of the claimant 's proved loss , whichever is the smaller , unless :

No licence is needed for a motor vehicle and drawbar trailer combination if the gross plated weights do not exceed 3500kg , or , if unplated , the total unladen weights do not exceed 1525kg .
no licence is needed for a motor vehicle and drawbar trailer combination if the gross plated weights do not [are more than] 3500kg , or , if unplated , the total unladen weights do not [are more than] 1525kg .

The debt must exceed £750 for this procedure to be invoked .
the debt must [are more than] £750 for this procedure to be invoked .

Some of our major competitors actually forecast that they will exceed bar sales by the early 1990s .
some of our major competitors actually forecast that they will [are more than] bar sales by the early 1990s .

Finally came men who did not own freehold land : husbandmen , servants in husbandry and the servants of artificers — anyone whose estate in goods and chattels did not exceed £10 .
finally came men who did not own freehold land : husbandmen , servants in husbandry and the servants of artificers — anyone whose estate in goods and chattels did not [are more than] £10 .

The alternative solution is that the structure of ownership had changed little since 1522 , and that most land values recorded at that date represented the profits from subletting customary holdings — mostly in small parcels since the sums involved did not generally exceed ten or twelve shillings .
the alternative solution is that the structure of ownership had changed little since 1522 , and that most land values recorded at that date represented the profits from subletting customary holdings — mostly in small parcels since the sums involved did not generally [are more than] ten or twelve shillings .

Actual quantities , which exceed internal expectations of only a month ago , boil down to between 100,000 and 200,000 units a quarter which in turn means that by the end of the current quarter Sun expects to be able to fill all the back orders it has for Model 41 Sparcstation 10s plus the orders they get in the intervening weeks .
actual quantities , which [are more than] internal expectations of only a month ago , boil down to between 100,000 and 200,000 units a quarter which in turn means that by the end of the current quarter sun expects to be able to fill all the back orders it has for model 41 sparcstation 10s plus the orders they get in the intervening weeks .

The Committee was warned , however , that while under the terms of the Public Health Act of 1925 reasonable subscriptions by a local authority to a voluntary hospital or institution were permitted ; their expenditure was not to exceed the equivalent of the penny-in-the-pound ( 0.4° ) rate on the property liable to be rated for such expenditure .
the committee was warned , however , that while under the terms of the public health act of 1925 reasonable subscriptions by a local authority to a voluntary hospital or institution were permitted ; their expenditure was not to [are more than] the equivalent of the penny-in-the-pound ( 0.4° ) rate on the property liable to be rated for such expenditure .

It was given the authority to send William Mingay to Manfield Orthopaedic Hospital at Northampton for ‘ re-education of the muscles ’ for a period of three months , the cost not to exceed £2 per week .
it was given the authority to send william mingay to manfield orthopaedic hospital at northampton for ‘ re-education of the muscles ’ for a period of three months , the cost not to [are more than] £2 per week .

It is very easy to cause scorch ( plasmolysis ) if used too strongly — never exceed 1 ounce ( 28g ) per square yard ( square metre ) .
it is very easy to cause scorch ( plasmolysis ) if used too strongly — never [are more than] 1 ounce ( 28g ) per square yard ( square metre ) .

Never exceed the equivalent of ½ ounce ( 14g ) per square yard ( square metre ) dissolved in a gallon ( 4.5 litres ) of water , and never allow direct contact with stems or leaves .
never [are more than] the equivalent of ½ ounce ( 14g ) per square yard ( square metre ) dissolved in a gallon ( 4.5 litres ) of water , and never allow direct contact with stems or leaves .

The handmaids of the Everqueen are not mere courtiers ; they are her warrior guard — a hundred beautiful Elf-maids schooled in the arts of war till they exceed or even surpass the greatest of Elf knights with sword , bow and lance .
the handmaids of the everqueen are not mere courtiers ; they are her warrior guard — a hundred beautiful elf-maids schooled in the arts of war till they [are more than] or even surpass the greatest of elf knights with sword , bow and lance .

Through his work as a teacher , he became fond of the race of Men and saw in it the possibility and the threat that in time it might far exceed the declining race of Elves .
through his work as a teacher , he became fond of the race of men and saw in it the possibility and the threat that in time it might far [are more than] the declining race of elves .

The total of all your AVCs plus other contributions to the pension plan is not allowed to exceed 15 per cent of your earnings .
the total of all your avcs plus other contributions to the pension plan is not allowed to [are more than] 15 per cent of your earnings .

It goes without saying that it is not £75,000 in respect of each but the total earnings ’ figure which must not exceed £75,000 .
it goes without saying that it is not £75,000 in respect of each but the total earnings ’ figure which must not [are more than] £75,000 .

The Inland Revenue limits described above include any contributions made by your employer , so the total must therefore not exceed the allowed amount .
the inland revenue limits described above include any contributions made by your employer , so the total must therefore not [are more than] the allowed amount .

You can leave your pension in the fund , as described above , and additionally contribute to a personal pension , providing your contributions do not exceed the allowed Inland Revenue limit , i.e. two-thirds of final salary ( or whatever is allowed according to the rules of the scheme ) .
you can leave your pension in the fund , as described above , and additionally contribute to a personal pension , providing your contributions do not [are more than] the allowed inland revenue limit , i.e. two-thirds of final salary ( or whatever is allowed according to the rules of the scheme ) .

If she is still under 60 when her husband claims his state pension and does not work or her earnings do not exceed £43.1 0 , he should be able to obtain a supplement of around £32.55 to his pension , on the grounds of having a wife to support .
if she is still under 60 when her husband claims his state pension and does not work or her earnings do not [are more than] £43.1 0 , he should be able to obtain a supplement of around £32.55 to his pension , on the grounds of having a wife to support .

The full amount is only given to people whose income does not exceed £14,200 .
the full amount is only given to people whose income does not [are more than] £14,200 .

It is only changes in test scores which exceed these reliability estimates that can be regarded as reflecting real changes in the child 's ability .
it is only changes in test scores which [are more than] these reliability estimates that can be regarded as reflecting real changes in the child 's ability .

Any floats that would exceed this length are then indicated on the screen so that you can adjust them if you wish .
any floats that would [are more than] this length are then indicated on the screen so that you can adjust them if you wish .

The ( tax free ) capital gains made by owner-occupiers generally far exceed any possible savings that they might make from their income .
the ( tax free ) capital gains made by owner-occupiers generally far [are more than] any possible savings that they might make from their income .

There are three separate criteria that must be met before a commercial fusion reactor can be built : temperature , density and ‘ confinement time ’ must all exceed certain minimum values .
there are three separate criteria that must be met before a commercial fusion reactor can be built : temperature , density and ‘ confinement time ’ must all [are more than] certain minimum values .

The temperature will have to exceed 100 million degrees ( or 10 keV in the units the fusion scientists use ; 1 keV corresponds to 11.6 million degrees ) .
the temperature will have to [are more than] 100 million degrees ( or 10 kev in the units the fusion scientists use ; 1 kev corresponds to 11.6 million degrees ) .

It is a defence for a person charged with ‘ Being in Charge ’ to prove that at the time he is alleged to have committed the offence the circumstances were such that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle whilst the proportion of alcohol in his breath , blood or urine remained likely to exceed the prescribed limit ; but in determining whether there was such a likelihood the court may disregard any injury to him and any damage to the vehicle .
it is a defence for a person charged with ‘ being in charge ’ to prove that at the time he is alleged to have committed the offence the circumstances were such that there was no likelihood of his driving the vehicle whilst the proportion of alcohol in his breath , blood or urine remained likely to [are more than] the prescribed limit ; but in determining whether there was such a likelihood the court may disregard any injury to him and any damage to the vehicle .

Would first statements made up to 28 February 1994 be deemed to exceed 18 months ?
would first statements made up to 28 february 1994 be deemed to [are more than] 18 months ?

The Companies Act should be amended so that directors ' service contracts do not exceed three years without shareholders ' approval .
the companies act should be amended so that directors ' service contracts do not [are more than] three years without shareholders ' approval .

In 1992 European sales are expected to exceed $ 400m .
in 1992 european sales are expected to [are more than] $ 400m .

Because investment business is peripheral to their main activity ( and it is a condition of authorisation that it should not normally exceed 20 % of total fee income ) , many firms allow themselves to remain woefully ignorant of the regulations and of how to apply them within their own practice .
because investment business is peripheral to their main activity ( and it is a condition of authorisation that it should not normally [are more than] 20 % of total fee income ) , many firms allow themselves to remain woefully ignorant of the regulations and of how to apply them within their own practice .

The Woolwich feared that failure to make the payment would damage its reputation and that any penalties that could be enforced if the Regulations were valid would exceed the return that could be made by investing the sum .
the woolwich feared that failure to make the payment would damage its reputation and that any penalties that could be enforced if the regulations were valid would [are more than] the return that could be made by investing the sum .

In 1892 magistrates were given the power not to record testimony when the sentence was not to exceed imprisonment for one month or a fine of twenty-five rupees .
in 1892 magistrates were given the power not to record testimony when the sentence was not to [are more than] imprisonment for one month or a fine of twenty-five rupees .

As with anything that can not be easily quantified , it is difficult to determine the point where the benefits of additional information exceed the costs .
as with anything that can not be easily quantified , it is difficult to determine the point where the benefits of additional information [are more than] the costs .

No holding in any one company is expected to exceed 2 % of the portfolio 's value .
no holding in any one company is expected to [are more than] 2 % of the portfolio 's value .

Conditions to be met are that the employee must be enrolled for at least one academic year with actual full-time attendance to average at least 20 weeks a year , and the rate of payments ( excluding university fees etc payable ) must not exceed £7,000 a year or the equivalent monthly or weekly rate .
conditions to be met are that the employee must be enrolled for at least one academic year with actual full-time attendance to average at least 20 weeks a year , and the rate of payments ( excluding university fees etc payable ) must not [are more than] £7,000 a year or the equivalent monthly or weekly rate .

Additionally , the rate of payment must not exceed that which an individual in similar personal circumstances would receive as a grant from a public awarding body .
additionally , the rate of payment must not [are more than] that which an individual in similar personal circumstances would receive as a grant from a public awarding body .

Where payments exceed these limits , they become fully taxable .
where payments [are more than] these limits , they become fully taxable .

This is because the cost of providing the car may exceed the perceived benefit to the employee .
this is because the cost of providing the car may [are more than] the perceived benefit to the employee .

‘ This reserve , which is net after tax , is available to fall back on for dividends should player expenditure greatly exceed cup income in any year , ’ Mr Launders explained .
‘ this reserve , which is net after tax , is available to fall back on for dividends should player expenditure greatly [are more than] cup income in any year , ’ mr launders explained .

Liabilities exceed assets
liabilities [are more than] assets

In Britain 1.5m people are drinking at levels that are definitely harmful ( 50 plus units a week for men , 36 for women ) , and another 7m exceed the recommended limits of 21 units a week for men , 14 for women .
in britain 1.5m people are drinking at levels that are definitely harmful ( 50 plus units a week for men , 36 for women ) , and another 7m [are more than] the recommended limits of 21 units a week for men , 14 for women .

Remember that if you sell one of these instruments before maturity , then changes in interest rates will almost certainly mean that its capital value has altered and you will get a gain or loss , which could be substantial and exceed the interest earned .
remember that if you sell one of these instruments before maturity , then changes in interest rates will almost certainly mean that its capital value has altered and you will get a gain or loss , which could be substantial and [are more than] the interest earned .

If , instead , the viscosity is high and crystals are maintained in the boundary layer , the crystal content and density of the thermal boundary layer will always exceed the density of the underlying warmer suspension and equation ( 1 ) is not valid .
if , instead , the viscosity is high and crystals are maintained in the boundary layer , the crystal content and density of the thermal boundary layer will always [are more than] the density of the underlying warmer suspension and equation ( 1 ) is not valid .

Among those elongated tails that are apparently sexually selected , the marginal costs of graduated tails greatly exceed those of streamer-shaped tails ( that is pintails and deep forks ; Fig .
among those elongated tails that are apparently sexually selected , the marginal costs of graduated tails greatly [are more than] those of streamer-shaped tails ( that is pintails and deep forks ; fig .

Punishments , however , must not exceed the minimum that is necessary to deter — we would not , Beccaria again argues , will it otherwise in the social contract .
punishments , however , must not [are more than] the minimum that is necessary to deter — we would not , beccaria again argues , will it otherwise in the social contract .

The market for Casodex could exceed $ 100m a year .
the market for casodex could [are more than] $ 100m a year .

Small electorates can be managed by politicians , and when the typical county might number forty to sixty freeholders in its electoral roll , while even one of the more extensive lists would rarely exceed 150 voters , many of whom would be nominally qualified , there was clearly opportunity for manipulation .
small electorates can be managed by politicians , and when the typical county might number forty to sixty freeholders in its electoral roll , while even one of the more extensive lists would rarely [are more than] 150 voters , many of whom would be nominally qualified , there was clearly opportunity for manipulation .

Exposure time should exceed your previously established ‘ max .
exposure time should [are more than] your previously established ‘ max .

These set the minimum amount of capital ( free assets , or the amount by which an insurers ' assets exceed the actuarial calculation of its liabilities ) that an insurer must have to reassure customers and regulators that it can meet its liabilities .
these set the minimum amount of capital ( free assets , or the amount by which an insurers ' assets [are more than] the actuarial calculation of its liabilities ) that an insurer must have to reassure customers and regulators that it can meet its liabilities .

When the requirements of duties and wishes exceed the limitations that people are working within , we may say that they come to constitute demands .
when the requirements of duties and wishes [are more than] the limitations that people are working within , we may say that they come to constitute demands .

While the jobs and goals continue to exceed people 's limitations , overload and pressure will persist .
while the jobs and goals continue to [are more than] people 's limitations , overload and pressure will persist .

Since the level of owner-occupation is rising , and the number of future retirees entitled to some form of contributory pension will exceed the current number , it seems likely that private saving will play a greater role in determining the economic status of the elderly in the future than it has done in the past .
since the level of owner-occupation is rising , and the number of future retirees entitled to some form of contributory pension will [are more than] the current number , it seems likely that private saving will play a greater role in determining the economic status of the elderly in the future than it has done in the past .

However , unrestricted price rises have sharply changed the estimates , which already exceed $ 5 million .
however , unrestricted price rises have sharply changed the estimates , which already [are more than] $ 5 million .

The intention was to operate the Croydon at normal all-up weight and not to exceed the normal maximum cruising speed , thereby simulating normal airline operation .
the intention was to operate the croydon at normal all-up weight and not to [are more than] the normal maximum cruising speed , thereby simulating normal airline operation .

Provided rents do not exceed £3,250 a year , they will be fully exempt .
provided rents do not [are more than] £3,250 a year , they will be fully exempt .

That is , continuous dynamic dealing with minor perturbations is automatic and so also is the application of basic rules about safety ; for example , the system or some part of it might be programmed to go through a step-change function such as a shut-down if certain parameters exceed prescribed limits .
that is , continuous dynamic dealing with minor perturbations is automatic and so also is the application of basic rules about safety ; for example , the system or some part of it might be programmed to go through a step-change function such as a shut-down if certain parameters [are more than] prescribed limits .

Much of the work in this area has been done by economists whose approach is based upon the hypothesis that workers will join unions if the expected benefits and returns from the services which unions can provide — in the form of relative wage gains , taking up grievances , access to specialised information and the like — exceed the expected costs .
much of the work in this area has been done by economists whose approach is based upon the hypothesis that workers will join unions if the expected benefits and returns from the services which unions can provide — in the form of relative wage gains , taking up grievances , access to specialised information and the like — [are more than] the expected costs .

By the end of July an advance of about two and a half miles had been made on a front which at this depth did not exceed two miles .
by the end of july an advance of about two and a half miles had been made on a front which at this depth did not [are more than] two miles .

This royalty shall not exceed the amount that would have been paid had such copies been printed and sold by the Publisher and which is set out in Clause 1 of this Schedule .
this royalty shall not [are more than] the amount that would have been paid had such copies been printed and sold by the publisher and which is set out in clause 1 of this schedule .

If the benefits they will receive , multiplied by the likelihood of their personal contribution making the decisive difference , exceed the costs of joining , then they sign up .
if the benefits they will receive , multiplied by the likelihood of their personal contribution making the decisive difference , [are more than] the costs of joining , then they sign up .

If costs exceed benefits multiplied by the probability that their contribution will be decisive , they will remain inactive .
if costs [are more than] benefits multiplied by the probability that their contribution will be decisive , they will remain inactive .

Frogs , lizards and small mammals are all hunted on the ground ; and the largest rattlesnakes , such as the diamondbacks , which may exceed 2 m ( 6l/2 ft ) in length , feed on animals as large as a hare .
frogs , lizards and small mammals are all hunted on the ground ; and the largest rattlesnakes , such as the diamondbacks , which may [are more than] 2 m ( 6l/2 ft ) in length , feed on animals as large as a hare .

The size of the gang , however , should be kept as small as possible and should not exceed six members .
the size of the gang , however , should be kept as small as possible and should not [are more than] six members .

The cost per annum , which will be borne by the purchaser of the completed property , may well exceed £500 — which may affect sale prices and hence the land value .
the cost per annum , which will be borne by the purchaser of the completed property , may well [are more than] £500 — which may affect sale prices and hence the land value .

The author has encountered a covenant on a site bounding the River Test in Hampshire , where from the back of the house to the boundary no construction of any sort was permitted above ground level and trees and vegetation could not exceed 6 feet in height .
the author has encountered a covenant on a site bounding the river test in hampshire , where from the back of the house to the boundary no construction of any sort was permitted above ground level and trees and vegetation could not [are more than] 6 feet in height .

Storage costs often exceed the value of goods stored during the normal turnover period .
storage costs often [are more than] the value of goods stored during the normal turnover period .

In the construction industry this delay for processing does not normally exceed two or three days , with a maximum of seven days ( one week 's wages in hand ) .
in the construction industry this delay for processing does not normally [are more than] two or three days , with a maximum of seven days ( one week 's wages in hand ) .

There may also be ethical and social objections to the absence of competition : it is simply not fair that large firms or cartels should be able to oppress smaller competitors and/or customers by charging prices that greatly exceed the costs of supply .
there may also be ethical and social objections to the absence of competition : it is simply not fair that large firms or cartels should be able to oppress smaller competitors and/or customers by charging prices that greatly [are more than] the costs of supply .

Others are spelt ‘ ceed ’ : exceed , proceed , succeed .
others are spelt ‘ ceed ’ : [are more than] , proceed , succeed .

As shown by recent studies on the facilitation of trade , the weight of the documentation of all consignments on board a contemporary container vessel can exceed 40 kilograms .
as shown by recent studies on the facilitation of trade , the weight of the documentation of all consignments on board a contemporary container vessel can [are more than] 40 kilograms .

Government expenditure also encourages consumption and hence economic growth even though they may also have detrimental effects if they exceed certain high levels — a claim that will be discussed in the following chapter .
government expenditure also encourages consumption and hence economic growth even though they may also have detrimental effects if they [are more than] certain high levels — a claim that will be discussed in the following chapter .

It does not , of course , follow that because markets are of only limited effectiveness that legal intervention , in the shape of a more active liability regime or a reformed governance structure , would necessarily lead to an outcome closer to the ideal , since the costs of intervention may exceed the benefits .
it does not , of course , follow that because markets are of only limited effectiveness that legal intervention , in the shape of a more active liability regime or a reformed governance structure , would necessarily lead to an outcome closer to the ideal , since the costs of intervention may [are more than] the benefits .

Unless the file is small or main storage is very large , the cylinder index size may exceed the space available for it .
unless the file is small or main storage is very large , the cylinder index size may [are more than] the space available for it .

If keys are greater than 155 bytes in length , the track index will exceed one full track in extent , and maximum length keys of 256 bytes will cause the cylinder index to take up as much as 28 per cent of the second track on the cylinder as well .
if keys are greater than 155 bytes in length , the track index will [are more than] one full track in extent , and maximum length keys of 256 bytes will cause the cylinder index to take up as much as 28 per cent of the second track on the cylinder as well .

This will mean that an additional revolution is lost , so the total time incurred per overflow record will exceed one revolution on average .
this will mean that an additional revolution is lost , so the total time incurred per overflow record will [are more than] one revolution on average .

The effect of grouped updates is to cause parts of the file to require few , if any , updates so records are being skipped , and other areas in which all — or most — records are updated , and thus there will be lost revolutions because processing times exceed inter-record gap times .
the effect of grouped updates is to cause parts of the file to require few , if any , updates so records are being skipped , and other areas in which all — or most — records are updated , and thus there will be lost revolutions because processing times [are more than] inter-record gap times .

Did the effect of the law exceed what was necessary to achieve that aim — did its effects on the free movement of goods exceed what was necessary to achieve that aim ?
did the effect of the law [are more than] what was necessary to achieve that aim — did its effects on the free movement of goods [are more than] what was necessary to achieve that aim ?

Held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to exceed six months ( Sir George Waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the Law of Property Act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .
held , allowing the appeal and substituting a period of postponement not to [are more than] six months ( sir george waller dissenting ) , that for the purposes of making an order for sale in favour of a trustee in bankruptcy under s. 30 of the law of property act 1925 no distinction was to be made between a case where a property was being enjoyed as the matrimonial home and one where it had ceased to be so used ; that where a spouse , having a beneficial interest in such property , had become bankrupt , the interests of the creditors would usually prevail over the interests of the other spouse and a sale of the property ordered within a short period ; that only in exceptional circumstances , more than the ordinary consequences of debt and improvidence , could the interests of the other spouse prevail so as to enable an order for sale to be postponed for a substantial period ; and that , accordingly , since the circumstances of the wives and their children , albeit distressing , were not exceptional , the order sought by the trustee should be made .

Where the board of directors exceed any limitation on their powers resulting from the ‘ objects of the company ’ , their actions may be ratified by a special resolution passed by a general meeting of members .
where the board of directors [are more than] any limitation on their powers resulting from the ‘ objects of the company ’ , their actions may be ratified by a special resolution passed by a general meeting of members .

However , a person is not treated as a seasonal worker if his off-season , or off-seasons in aggregate , do not exceed seven weeks .
however , a person is not treated as a seasonal worker if his off-season , or off-seasons in aggregate , do not [are more than] seven weeks .

One example is the practice of engaging casual chambermaids , porters , waiters , bar and kitchen staff to cover the traditionally busy week or two around Christmas , or to help out at other times of the year when hotel occupancy rates exceed expected levels .
one example is the practice of engaging casual chambermaids , porters , waiters , bar and kitchen staff to cover the traditionally busy week or two around christmas , or to help out at other times of the year when hotel occupancy rates [are more than] expected levels .

It may be seen by comparing eqns ( 4.64 ) and ( 4.35 ) that for a ring made of sufficiently thin wire the kinetic inductance may exceed the ordinary magnetic inductance .
it may be seen by comparing eqns ( 4.64 ) and ( 4.35 ) that for a ring made of sufficiently thin wire the kinetic inductance may [are more than] the ordinary magnetic inductance .

Disclose separate totals of political and charitable contributions made by the group , if together they exceed £200 .
disclose separate totals of political and charitable contributions made by the group , if together they [are more than] £200 .

The amortisation period should not normally exceed 20 years .
the amortisation period should not normally [are more than] 20 years .

Where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , the following should be disclosed : emoluments of chairman emoluments of highest paid director if they exceed the emoluments of the chairman the number of directors whose emoluments fall within rising bands of £5,000 .
where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , the following should be disclosed : emoluments of chairman emoluments of highest paid director if they [are more than] the emoluments of the chairman the number of directors whose emoluments fall within rising bands of £5,000 .

Give separate totals for political and charitable contributions if together they exceed £200 .
give separate totals for political and charitable contributions if together they [are more than] £200 .

You can avoid any foods you do not like and replace them with others from these lists so long as you do not exceed your daily calorie allowance .
you can avoid any foods you do not like and replace them with others from these lists so long as you do not [are more than] your daily calorie allowance .

You can vary the menu according to your taste within the restrictions mentioned , but make sure you do not exceed your daily calorie allowance .
you can vary the menu according to your taste within the restrictions mentioned , but make sure you do not [are more than] your daily calorie allowance .

And after all your own Piranha does exceed the 10½ inch maximum quoted by your references !
and after all your own piranha does [are more than] the 10½ inch maximum quoted by your references !

Do not exceed the stated dose in the belief that higher concentrations will be more effective .
do not [are more than] the stated dose in the belief that higher concentrations will be more effective .

In several countries , technical assistance salaries now exceed national public service pay-rolls .
in several countries , technical assistance salaries now [are more than] national public service pay-rolls .

It was n't uncommon for adults to exceed four feet in length and yes , they were dangerous .
it was n't uncommon for adults to [are more than] four feet in length and yes , they were dangerous .

‘ For the purposes of section 6(3) ( a ) of the Act of 1980 ( which excludes the duty to comply with a parent 's preference as to the school at which education is to be provided for his child if compliance with the preference would prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources ) , no such prejudice shall be taken to arise from the admission to a school in any school year of a number of pupils in any relevant age group which does not exceed [ the number so to be admitted ] .
‘ for the purposes of section 6(3) ( a ) of the act of 1980 ( which excludes the duty to comply with a parent 's preference as to the school at which education is to be provided for his child if compliance with the preference would prejudice the provision of efficient education or the efficient use of resources ) , no such prejudice shall be taken to arise from the admission to a school in any school year of a number of pupils in any relevant age group which does not [are more than] [ the number so to be admitted ] .

So much is this the case that the best emeralds exceed diamonds of comparable size in value .
so much is this the case that the best emeralds [are more than] diamonds of comparable size in value .

The deviations from the no-arbitrage condition that can not be removed in this way should not exceed the difference in transactions costs between the alternative strategies , e.g .
the deviations from the no-arbitrage condition that can not be removed in this way should not [are more than] the difference in transactions costs between the alternative strategies , e.g .

Asset pricing theory leads to the expectation that the arithmetic returns on the market index ( capital gains plus dividends ) will exceed the risk-free rate of interest .
asset pricing theory leads to the expectation that the arithmetic returns on the market index ( capital gains plus dividends ) will [are more than] the risk-free rate of interest .

Where the net proceeds of sale exceed the amount of any claim the detainer may have for damages and expenses , the excess is recoverable from him by the person who would be entitled to the livestock but for the sale .
where the net proceeds of sale [are more than] the amount of any claim the detainer may have for damages and expenses , the excess is recoverable from him by the person who would be entitled to the livestock but for the sale .

Market analysis suggests that inkjet sales , which were virtually zilch three or four years ago , will massively exceed both laser and dot matrix printer sales over the next few years , accounting for about half of the total printer market by 1997 .
market analysis suggests that inkjet sales , which were virtually zilch three or four years ago , will massively [are more than] both laser and dot matrix printer sales over the next few years , accounting for about half of the total printer market by 1997 .

1801 An estimate of £10 ; 12:6 for enclosing Kilneave was considered too much and was rejected , no estimate was produced for Kilmeny . There was an estimate of £10:1:0 for enclosing Kiels , with a gate , and they recommended that it be done if it did not exceed
1801 an estimate of £10 ; 12:6 for enclosing kilneave was considered too much and was rejected , no estimate was produced for kilmeny . there was an estimate of £10:1:0 for enclosing kiels , with a gate , and they recommended that it be done if it did not [are more than]

Mr. Osborne stated that he and Mr. Stewart met as requested by the last meeting and made a selection of Thirty-six Books a list of which he had now pleasure of laying before the Meeting for their approval , but the Meeting found that they would need to curtail the list to Twentythree so as not to exceed the ammount of two pounds . ``
mr. osborne stated that he and mr. stewart met as requested by the last meeting and made a selection of thirty-six books a list of which he had now pleasure of laying before the meeting for their approval , but the meeting found that they would need to curtail the list to twentythree so as not to [are more than] the ammount of two pounds . ``

As the resources required to meet all demands are likely to exceed those available to society the ethical questions arise in decisions on what can be afforded , in terms of both the total amount of resources to be spent on health care compared with other demands such as education or housing and the distribution of those resources .
as the resources required to meet all demands are likely to [are more than] those available to society the ethical questions arise in decisions on what can be afforded , in terms of both the total amount of resources to be spent on health care compared with other demands such as education or housing and the distribution of those resources .

Distinguished academics from America , where `` total communication `` is the norm in education , and the achievements of the deaf community far exceed the achievements of ours , gave the key lectures .
distinguished academics from america , where `` total communication `` is the norm in education , and the achievements of the deaf community far [are more than] the achievements of ours , gave the key lectures .

Let the print drain for a few seconds and place it on your flash enlarger ( that 's why the bin liner ) and now run your flash test across the print Exposure times should exceed your previously established ‘ max.flash ’ .
let the print drain for a few seconds and place it on your flash enlarger ( that 's why the bin liner ) and now run your flash test across the print exposure times should [are more than] your previously established ‘ max.flash ’ .

Waiting times in this centre exceed five months despite full clinics and extra , urgent cases being seen outside normal times set aside for outpatient clinics .
waiting times in this centre [are more than] five months despite full clinics and extra , urgent cases being seen outside normal times set aside for outpatient clinics .

In December 1987 Peter Morrison , Minister of State for Energy , estimated that the North 's ( including Wear and Tees side ) offshore industry was expected to exceed 4000 jobs in 1988–9 .
in december 1987 peter morrison , minister of state for energy , estimated that the north 's ( including wear and tees side ) offshore industry was expected to [are more than] 4000 jobs in 1988–9 .

In the first case , profits depend on having annual incomes which exceed annual out goings ; in the second , the price must be greater than the total cost of production inputs ( see Ambrose , 1986 : 4 ) .
in the first case , profits depend on having annual incomes which [are more than] annual out goings ; in the second , the price must be greater than the total cost of production inputs ( see ambrose , 1986 : 4 ) .

‘ Now , then — ’ It was an international hotel menu of the kind Flavia was familiar with from her grandmother 's days , impressive enough though the variety of dishes would exceed the variety of tastes .
‘ now , then — ’ it was an international hotel menu of the kind flavia was familiar with from her grandmother 's days , impressive enough though the variety of dishes would [are more than] the variety of tastes .

It is not difficult , however , to exceed this , for good — or bad — reasons .
it is not difficult , however , to [are more than] this , for good — or bad — reasons .

Coutts had considered Virgin 's request to exceed their overdraft by £200,000 over the next seven days .
coutts had considered virgin 's request to [are more than] their overdraft by £200,000 over the next seven days .

He should be told that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol exceeds the statutory limit but does not exceed 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath ; that in these circumstances he is entitled to claim to have this specimen replaced by a specimen of blood or urine if he wishes ; but that , if he does so , it will be for the constable to decide whether the replacement specimen is to be of blood or urine and that if the constable requires a specimen of blood it will be taken by a doctor unless the doctor considers that there are medical reasons for not taking blood , when urine may be given instead .
he should be told that the specimen of breath which he has given containing the lower proportion of alcohol exceeds the statutory limit but does not [are more than] 50 microgrammes of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath ; that in these circumstances he is entitled to claim to have this specimen replaced by a specimen of blood or urine if he wishes ; but that , if he does so , it will be for the constable to decide whether the replacement specimen is to be of blood or urine and that if the constable requires a specimen of blood it will be taken by a doctor unless the doctor considers that there are medical reasons for not taking blood , when urine may be given instead .

In the case of a prisoner whose tariff does not exceed 20 years , these representations will not be relevant to the tariff but only to the question whether he should be detained beyond the end of his tariff period because of the danger he is thought to pose .
in the case of a prisoner whose tariff does not [are more than] 20 years , these representations will not be relevant to the tariff but only to the question whether he should be detained beyond the end of his tariff period because of the danger he is thought to pose .

They all seek declarations to the following effect : ( a ) that as a matter of law in the case of a prisoner serving a mandatory life sentence the Secretary of State is required to set a period for retribution and deterrence which does not exceed the tariff recommended by the judiciary ; ( b ) that the Secretary of State is required by law to tell the prisoner what period the judiciary have recommended , and the reasons for that recommendation , and also if he has departed from that recommendation to tell the prisoner his reason for doing so ; ( c ) that the prisoner is entitled to be given the opportunity to make representations to the Secretary of State before the tariff is set , and for this purpose to be told of any information upon which the Secretary of State will make his decision which is not in his , the prisoner 's , possession .
they all seek declarations to the following effect : ( a ) that as a matter of law in the case of a prisoner serving a mandatory life sentence the secretary of state is required to set a period for retribution and deterrence which does not [are more than] the tariff recommended by the judiciary ; ( b ) that the secretary of state is required by law to tell the prisoner what period the judiciary have recommended , and the reasons for that recommendation , and also if he has departed from that recommendation to tell the prisoner his reason for doing so ; ( c ) that the prisoner is entitled to be given the opportunity to make representations to the secretary of state before the tariff is set , and for this purpose to be told of any information upon which the secretary of state will make his decision which is not in his , the prisoner 's , possession .

( 5 ) No indemnity shall be payable under this Act in any of the following cases : — ( a ) where the applicant or a person from whom he derives title ( otherwise than under a disposition for valuable consideration which is registered or protected on the register ) has caused or substantially contributed to the loss by fraud or lack of proper care ; … ( 6 ) Where an indemnity is paid in respect of the loss of an estate or interest in or charge on land the amount so paid shall not exceed — ( a ) Where the register is not rectified , the value of the estate , interest or charge at the time when the error or omission which caused the loss was made ; ( b ) Where the register is rectified , the value ( if there had been no rectification ) of the estate , interest or charge , immediately before the time of rectification .
( 5 ) no indemnity shall be payable under this act in any of the following cases : — ( a ) where the applicant or a person from whom he derives title ( otherwise than under a disposition for valuable consideration which is registered or protected on the register ) has caused or substantially contributed to the loss by fraud or lack of proper care ; … ( 6 ) where an indemnity is paid in respect of the loss of an estate or interest in or charge on land the amount so paid shall not [are more than] — ( a ) where the register is not rectified , the value of the estate , interest or charge at the time when the error or omission which caused the loss was made ; ( b ) where the register is rectified , the value ( if there had been no rectification ) of the estate , interest or charge , immediately before the time of rectification .

( 2 ) … in relation to an institution in respect of which a payment falls to be made under section 58 ( 2 ) above any reference in this Act to a depositor 's protected deposit is a reference to the liability of the institution to him in respect of — ( a ) the principal amount of each sterling deposit which was made by him with a United Kingdom office of the institution before the making of the administration order and which under the terms on which it was made is or becomes due or payable while the order is in force ; and ( b ) accrued interest on any such deposit up to the time when it is or becomes due and payable as aforesaid ; but so that the total liability of the institution to him in respect of such deposits does not exceed £20,000 .
( 2 ) … in relation to an institution in respect of which a payment falls to be made under section 58 ( 2 ) above any reference in this act to a depositor 's protected deposit is a reference to the liability of the institution to him in respect of — ( a ) the principal amount of each sterling deposit which was made by him with a united kingdom office of the institution before the making of the administration order and which under the terms on which it was made is or becomes due or payable while the order is in force ; and ( b ) accrued interest on any such deposit up to the time when it is or becomes due and payable as aforesaid ; but so that the total liability of the institution to him in respect of such deposits does not [are more than] £20,000 .

‘ 17. … article 30 of the Treaty must be interpreted as meaning that the prohibition which it lays down does not apply to national rules prohibiting retailers from opening their premises on Sunday where the restrictive effects on Community trade which may result therefrom do not exceed the effects intrinsic to rules of that kind .
‘ 17. … article 30 of the treaty must be interpreted as meaning that the prohibition which it lays down does not apply to national rules prohibiting retailers from opening their premises on sunday where the restrictive effects on community trade which may result therefrom do not [are more than] the effects intrinsic to rules of that kind .

In the Torfaen judgment the Court ruled , in relation to similar national legislation prohibiting the opening of retail shops on Sundays , that such a prohibition was not compatible with the principle of the free movement of goods provided for in the Treaty unless any obstacles to Community trade thereby created did not exceed what was necessary in order to ensure the attainment of the objective in view and unless that objective was justified with regard to Community law .
in the torfaen judgment the court ruled , in relation to similar national legislation prohibiting the opening of retail shops on sundays , that such a prohibition was not compatible with the principle of the free movement of goods provided for in the treaty unless any obstacles to community trade thereby created did not [are more than] what was necessary in order to ensure the attainment of the objective in view and unless that objective was justified with regard to community law .

On the hearing of the petition , the court may : ( i ) make a bankruptcy order ; or ( ii ) make a bankruptcy order and issue a certificate for the summary administration of the bankrupt 's estate ( where the total debts do not exceed the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently £20,000 , and the bankrupt has not been adjudicated bankrupt before in the last five years nor has he entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement ) ( s 275 ) ; ( iii ) make a bankruptcy order and appoint the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement as trustee provided that notice of the supervisor 's intention to seek appointment as a trustee was given in the petition and to the creditors ; ( iv ) appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report under s 273 .
on the hearing of the petition , the court may : ( i ) make a bankruptcy order ; or ( ii ) make a bankruptcy order and issue a certificate for the summary administration of the bankrupt 's estate ( where the total debts do not [are more than] the `` small bankruptcies level `` , currently £20,000 , and the bankrupt has not been adjudicated bankrupt before in the last five years nor has he entered into any composition with his creditors or scheme of arrangement ) ( s 275 ) ; ( iii ) make a bankruptcy order and appoint the former supervisor of a voluntary arrangement as trustee provided that notice of the supervisor 's intention to seek appointment as a trustee was given in the petition and to the creditors ; ( iv ) appoint an insolvency practitioner to prepare a report under s 273 .

Even if the proved debt did not include the right to interest , interest can be claimed , up to the date of the bankruptcy order in the following cases : ( i ) in respect of a debt due by virtue of a written instrument payable at a certain time , interest may be claimed from that time ( r 6.113 ( 2 ) ) at judgment rate ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) ; ( ii ) otherwise , after demand for repayment has been made stating that interest will thereafter be charged ( r 6.113 ( 3 ) ) then at the rate specified in the notice provided that it does not exceed judgment rate and is only from the date of the demand ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) .
even if the proved debt did not include the right to interest , interest can be claimed , up to the date of the bankruptcy order in the following cases : ( i ) in respect of a debt due by virtue of a written instrument payable at a certain time , interest may be claimed from that time ( r 6.113 ( 2 ) ) at judgment rate ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) ; ( ii ) otherwise , after demand for repayment has been made stating that interest will thereafter be charged ( r 6.113 ( 3 ) ) then at the rate specified in the notice provided that it does not [are more than] judgment rate and is only from the date of the demand ( r 6.113 ( 4 ) ) .

The alternative is to use the wind generator or the solar panel as the primary source of recharging , in which case its output must correspond to or exceed the power drain being placed on the battery .
the alternative is to use the wind generator or the solar panel as the primary source of recharging , in which case its output must correspond to or [are more than] the power drain being placed on the battery .

’ Some suggest the quantities of dead fish dumped overboard exceed the quantities retained , and a new rule was recently introduced stipulating that two inspectors accompany every foreign fishing vessel within Namibian waters .
’ some suggest the quantities of dead fish dumped overboard [are more than] the quantities retained , and a new rule was recently introduced stipulating that two inspectors accompany every foreign fishing vessel within namibian waters .

The amount should not exceed 4° in 15 minutes .
the amount should not [are more than] 4° in 15 minutes .

For example , if 100 ft or less has to be gained , then the rate of change should not exceed 200 ft/min .
for example , if 100 ft or less has to be gained , then the rate of change should not [are more than] 200 ft/min .

In general , do not exceed the total time of the still air pattern by more than 1 minute .
in general , do not [are more than] the total time of the still air pattern by more than 1 minute .

Beyond the outer marker the maximum heading change should not exceed 5° at any one time .
beyond the outer marker the maximum heading change should not [are more than] 5° at any one time .

Market segments are then used as targets against which appropriate products or services can be positioned , if the forecast revenues are likely to exceed the costs to be incurred .
market segments are then used as targets against which appropriate products or services can be positioned , if the forecast revenues are likely to [are more than] the costs to be incurred .

All he has done is to show , in a crude way , that , in order to increase the market value of the firm , one needs to identify opportunities where actual returns exceed those required for the risk involved !
all he has done is to show , in a crude way , that , in order to increase the market value of the firm , one needs to identify opportunities where actual returns [are more than] those required for the risk involved !

This policy was adopted by the government as part of its general economic strategy to cut public expenditure and meant that local authorities could only exceed a predetermined level of spending on higher education if they found the additional sums of money from the rates .
this policy was adopted by the government as part of its general economic strategy to cut public expenditure and meant that local authorities could only [are more than] a predetermined level of spending on higher education if they found the additional sums of money from the rates .

At some locations , concentrations of these elements in drinking water exceed the national drinking water standards , while in some lakes high methyl mercury content in fish could have potentially adverse effects .
at some locations , concentrations of these elements in drinking water [are more than] the national drinking water standards , while in some lakes high methyl mercury content in fish could have potentially adverse effects .

Additional air pollution in each of these classes must not exceed specific air quality ‘ increments ’ , thereby assuring a level of air quality which should in all cases be cleaner than that required by the NAAQSs .
additional air pollution in each of these classes must not [are more than] specific air quality ‘ increments ’ , thereby assuring a level of air quality which should in all cases be cleaner than that required by the naaqss .

Nationally , the urban sulphur dioxide problem has diminished to the point where only a small number of urban sites now exceed the air quality standard .
nationally , the urban sulphur dioxide problem has diminished to the point where only a small number of urban sites now [are more than] the air quality standard .

Total expenditure on the scheme should not exceed current expenditure on allowances .
total expenditure on the scheme should not [are more than] current expenditure on allowances .

What is clear however , is that rate-capping failed to produce the curbs in local spending which the government desired and in 1987 the Department of Environment , armed with the full battery of post-1979 legislation , had to concede that English local authorities were on course to exceed government expenditure targets by at least 500m ( The Times 28 October 1987 ) .
what is clear however , is that rate-capping failed to produce the curbs in local spending which the government desired and in 1987 the department of environment , armed with the full battery of post-1979 legislation , had to concede that english local authorities were on course to [are more than] government expenditure targets by at least 500m ( the times 28 october 1987 ) .

The thaw does not usually exceed about 1 m on flat ground , but on south facing slopes it may penetrate to 1.5 m ( Chernov , 1985 ) .
the thaw does not usually [are more than] about 1 m on flat ground , but on south facing slopes it may penetrate to 1.5 m ( chernov , 1985 ) .

The Middlemen , for its part , denounces the incestuous and parasitical world of literary journalism in terms that far exceed gentle mockery .
the middlemen , for its part , denounces the incestuous and parasitical world of literary journalism in terms that far [are more than] gentle mockery .

On the other hand , while all the 19 Outer London Boroughs also lost population in only two cases ( Brent and Richmond ) did the decreases exceed 10 per cent ( 10.2 per cent and 10.4 per cent respectively ) .
on the other hand , while all the 19 outer london boroughs also lost population in only two cases ( brent and richmond ) did the decreases [are more than] 10 per cent ( 10.2 per cent and 10.4 per cent respectively ) .

Heights do not usually exceed 12 metres but in a few instances heights of more than 20 metres have been involved .
heights do not usually [are more than] 12 metres but in a few instances heights of more than 20 metres have been involved .

This has recently been transported to the Macintosh under the name Textures and offers a level of control that exceed the capabilities of the LaserWriter by several orders of magnitude .
this has recently been transported to the macintosh under the name textures and offers a level of control that [are more than] the capabilities of the laserwriter by several orders of magnitude .

In other words , by bringing together two separate and individual ‘ units of resource ’ the output of the units combined will exceed the joint output of the separate units so that :
in other words , by bringing together two separate and individual ‘ units of resource ’ the output of the units combined will [are more than] the joint output of the separate units so that :

His third defence ( the second was in London ) packed this south-side football stadium again , and the gate money was reputed to exceed £12,000 .
his third defence ( the second was in london ) packed this south-side football stadium again , and the gate money was reputed to [are more than] £12,000 .

His involvement in Royalist conspiracy during the Interregnum did not exceed the bounds of prudence , however .
his involvement in royalist conspiracy during the interregnum did not [are more than] the bounds of prudence , however .

x does not exceed y than to decide that the following two sentences had the same meaning :
x does not [are more than] y than to decide that the following two sentences had the same meaning :

x does not exceed y .
x does not [are more than] y .

Extreme events which exceed the normal capacity of the human system to reflect , absorb or buffer them are inherent in hazard .
extreme events which [are more than] the normal capacity of the human system to reflect , absorb or buffer them are inherent in hazard .

As a more extreme example may be quoted the case of a south-easterly gale in the Straits of Dover : however long the gale blew the waves could never exceed a certain height determined by the distance across the Straits .
as a more extreme example may be quoted the case of a south-easterly gale in the straits of dover : however long the gale blew the waves could never [are more than] a certain height determined by the distance across the straits .

Thus , if the general beach slope is very gentle and the fetch of the waves , and therefore their wave length , limited , the gradient of the swash bar may exceed the beach gradient .
thus , if the general beach slope is very gentle and the fetch of the waves , and therefore their wave length , limited , the gradient of the swash bar may [are more than] the beach gradient .

Generally speaking , the minima recorded in the air and on the rock surface are the same , but the maxima recorded on rock considerably exceed the air maxima , the actual amount of the excess depending principally on the nature of the surface and the relation of the surface to the prevailing wind .
generally speaking , the minima recorded in the air and on the rock surface are the same , but the maxima recorded on rock considerably [are more than] the air maxima , the actual amount of the excess depending principally on the nature of the surface and the relation of the surface to the prevailing wind .

But singers with this ability ( and who also have absolute pitch ) are not very common , and if we want to have our music sung by the majority of singers , it is best to write within the normal limits : Many singers can exceed these limits , but we must remember that , apart from the fact that most people these days have middle-range voices , everyone has a limited zone in which the voice is at its best .
but singers with this ability ( and who also have absolute pitch ) are not very common , and if we want to have our music sung by the majority of singers , it is best to write within the normal limits : many singers can [are more than] these limits , but we must remember that , apart from the fact that most people these days have middle-range voices , everyone has a limited zone in which the voice is at its best .

An applicant in receipt of income support or family credit is automatically entitled to advice without payment of contribution provided that his or her capital does not exceed the prescribed limits .
an applicant in receipt of income support or family credit is automatically entitled to advice without payment of contribution provided that his or her capital does not [are more than] the prescribed limits .

The radiometric ages of the dust exceed those of the rocks from which the dust is supposedly derived .
the radiometric ages of the dust [are more than] those of the rocks from which the dust is supposedly derived .

No satellites of Mercury were discovered , and therefore any satellite can not exceed about 3 km radius .
no satellites of mercury were discovered , and therefore any satellite can not [are more than] about 3 km radius .

In this context it is worth recalling the long-established case law on the judicial review of a Community institution 's discretion where ‘ the evaluation of a complex economic situation ’ is involved : the Court must confine itself to examining whether the exercise of the discretion contains a manifest error , or constitutes a misuse of power or whether the institution did not ‘ clearly ’ exceed the bounds of its discretion .
in this context it is worth recalling the long-established case law on the judicial review of a community institution 's discretion where ‘ the evaluation of a complex economic situation ’ is involved : the court must confine itself to examining whether the exercise of the discretion contains a manifest error , or constitutes a misuse of power or whether the institution did not ‘ clearly ’ [are more than] the bounds of its discretion .

This recent reduction should not mask the fact that casualties in this age group still exceed the 1981–85 baseline .
this recent reduction should not mask the fact that casualties in this age group still [are more than] the 1981–85 baseline .

During peak period ‘ drink/drive ’ hours , nearly 1 in 3 of all drivers and riders breathalysed after an accident exceed the legal limit
during peak period ‘ drink/drive ’ hours , nearly 1 in 3 of all drivers and riders breathalysed after an accident [are more than] the legal limit

But timber consumption continues to exceed growth rate and , in a move to break this cycle , China is to execute a plan to reduce the present level of consumption and limit the use of timber for the next five years .
but timber consumption continues to [are more than] growth rate and , in a move to break this cycle , china is to execute a plan to reduce the present level of consumption and limit the use of timber for the next five years .

For such Catholic sixth forms or sixth form colleges , therefore , the challenge is not simply to be as good as the alternative but to exceed it in reputation and appeal .
for such catholic sixth forms or sixth form colleges , therefore , the challenge is not simply to be as good as the alternative but to [are more than] it in reputation and appeal .

Brussels will be able to grant permission to exceed limits in particular areas on the basis of " objective criteria " which suggest that the use of larger amounts is safe .
brussels will be able to grant permission to [are more than] limits in particular areas on the basis of " objective criteria " which suggest that the use of larger amounts is safe .

It is clear from current projections that demand for additional space within the University for both Arts and Sciences will considerably exceed the capacity of the University 's present buildings and the available development sites on which the University might build .
it is clear from current projections that demand for additional space within the university for both arts and sciences will considerably [are more than] the capacity of the university 's present buildings and the available development sites on which the university might build .

However , the Exchange requires that the price must not exceed a price equal to 5 per cent above the average of the middle market quotations taken from the Daily Official List for the 10 business days before the purchase is made ( para 30.4 , Chapter 2 , Section 5 of the Yellow Book ) .
however , the exchange requires that the price must not [are more than] a price equal to 5 per cent above the average of the middle market quotations taken from the daily official list for the 10 business days before the purchase is made ( para 30.4 , chapter 2 , section 5 of the yellow book ) .

The court may determine the length of an order pending appeal but it can not exceed the appeal period .
the court may determine the length of an order pending appeal but it can not [are more than] the appeal period .

In the county court and High Court , claims for costs must be assessed if they do not exceed £500 and a solicitor may opt for assessment where costs do not exceed £1,000 ( Civil Legal Aid ( General ) Regulations 1989 ) .
in the county court and high court , claims for costs must be assessed if they do not [are more than] £500 and a solicitor may opt for assessment where costs do not [are more than] £1,000 ( civil legal aid ( general ) regulations 1989 ) .

Application must be made to the legal aid area office for authority to exceed this limit .
application must be made to the legal aid area office for authority to [are more than] this limit .

If the amount of the capital sum exceeds the amount of income available , then the settlor will be taxed in the next year and subsequent years up to the amount of income available in the next year or subsequent years but never so that the tax liabilities exceed the amount of the capital sum that was paid out directly or indirectly to the settlor .
if the amount of the capital sum exceeds the amount of income available , then the settlor will be taxed in the next year and subsequent years up to the amount of income available in the next year or subsequent years but never so that the tax liabilities [are more than] the amount of the capital sum that was paid out directly or indirectly to the settlor .

The courts first began to take obscenity seriously as a result of private prosecutions brought in the early nineteenth century by the Society for the Suppression of Vice , dubbed by Sydney Smith `` a society for suppressing the vices of those whose incomes do not exceed £500 per annum `` .
the courts first began to take obscenity seriously as a result of private prosecutions brought in the early nineteenth century by the society for the suppression of vice , dubbed by sydney smith `` a society for suppressing the vices of those whose incomes do not [are more than] £500 per annum `` .

tyrosine and usually exceed 2.0 i.u .
tyrosine and usually [are more than] 2.0 i.u .

The length of the name must not exceed 12 characters .
the length of the name must not [are more than] 12 characters .

On the ( implicit ) assumption that market prices for land would rise , the time would inevitably come when the charge would begin to greatly exceed the corresponding claim on the 300 million fund .
on the ( implicit ) assumption that market prices for land would rise , the time would inevitably come when the charge would begin to greatly [are more than] the corresponding claim on the 300 million fund .

To be fair his game did exceed that .
to be fair his game did [are more than] that .

The supply of money will thus exceed the demand .
the supply of money will thus [are more than] the demand .

The interest rate mechanism works as follows : ( a ) a rise in money supply causes money supply to exceed money demand ; interest rates fall ; ( b ) this causes investment to rise ; ( c ) this causes a multiplied rise in national income but ( d ) as national income rises so the transactions demand for money will rise , thus preventing quite such a large fall in interest rates .
the interest rate mechanism works as follows : ( a ) a rise in money supply causes money supply to [are more than] money demand ; interest rates fall ; ( b ) this causes investment to rise ; ( c ) this causes a multiplied rise in national income but ( d ) as national income rises so the transactions demand for money will rise , thus preventing quite such a large fall in interest rates .

‘ Scalding ? ’ she questioned , and learned also that temperatures had been known to exceed seventy degrees Celsius .
‘ scalding ? ’ she questioned , and learned also that temperatures had been known to [are more than] seventy degrees celsius .

Beneath Sumatra the subduction zone does not exceed a depth of 200 km , but north of Java it reaches 400 km and north of Flores , at the extreme eastern end of the zone of steady-state subduction , it attains a depth of 700 km .
beneath sumatra the subduction zone does not [are more than] a depth of 200 km , but north of java it reaches 400 km and north of flores , at the extreme eastern end of the zone of steady-state subduction , it attains a depth of 700 km .

Partial subduction of the underthrusting plate continues until frictional forces and the buoyancy of the continental crust exceed the driving force of plate motion ( Fig .
partial subduction of the underthrusting plate continues until frictional forces and the buoyancy of the continental crust [are more than] the driving force of plate motion ( fig .

Horizontal movements along these major thrusts can exceed 100 km and rock thicknesses of several kilometres can be involved .
horizontal movements along these major thrusts can [are more than] 100 km and rock thicknesses of several kilometres can be involved .

The two major ranges , the Lesser Himalayas and The Higher Himalayas , both of which exceed 8000 m in height , are bounded by three major linear structures : from south to north these are the Main Boundary Thrust , the Main Central Thrust and the Indus-Tsangpo suture zone .
the two major ranges , the lesser himalayas and the higher himalayas , both of which [are more than] 8000 m in height , are bounded by three major linear structures : from south to north these are the main boundary thrust , the main central thrust and the indus-tsangpo suture zone .

Some continents , most notably Africa , have extensive plateaus which lie at elevations ( 2000 m or more ) which far exceed the average height of the continental platforms .
some continents , most notably africa , have extensive plateaus which lie at elevations ( 2000 m or more ) which far [are more than] the average height of the continental platforms .

Consequently , if a volcanic island is to be formed the rate of growth of a volcano must exceed the rate of ocean floor subsidence .
consequently , if a volcanic island is to be formed the rate of growth of a volcano must [are more than] the rate of ocean floor subsidence .

Depths of weathering may exceed 100 m and exceptionally reach 300 m or more .
depths of weathering may [are more than] 100 m and exceptionally reach 300 m or more .

‘ Hath she wisdom ? It is precious , but beware that thou exceed :
‘ hath she wisdom ? it is precious , but beware that thou [are more than] :

Nevertheless we are still left with the nagging question : under what circumstances will the actual rate of inflation exceed the expected rate of inflation ?
nevertheless we are still left with the nagging question : under what circumstances will the actual rate of inflation [are more than] the expected rate of inflation ?

However if the actual price level turned out to be higher in t than was expected at the end of t - 1 , firms would be more willing to produce extra output and y t , would exceed y * ; .
however if the actual price level turned out to be higher in t than was expected at the end of t - 1 , firms would be more willing to produce extra output and y t , would [are more than] y * ; .

Where , in complying with s 51 ( 8 ) , the responsible person reduces the amount which would otherwise be awarded to the person in question , the amount of that reduction must not exceed a prescribed percentage ( for the time being 25 per cent ) and on any taxation of the costs payable by that person to his legal representative , regard must be had to the amount of the reduction ( s 51 ( 9 ) ) .
where , in complying with s 51 ( 8 ) , the responsible person reduces the amount which would otherwise be awarded to the person in question , the amount of that reduction must not [are more than] a prescribed percentage ( for the time being 25 per cent ) and on any taxation of the costs payable by that person to his legal representative , regard must be had to the amount of the reduction ( s 51 ( 9 ) ) .

Save for costs on summons and for enforcing the award ( or such costs as are directed by the arbitrator to have been incurred through unreasonable conduct ) , no solicitor 's charges as between party and party are allowed in those arbitration proceedings which have been referred because the sum claimed or amount involved did not exceed £1,000 ( Ord 19 , r 6 ) .
save for costs on summons and for enforcing the award ( or such costs as are directed by the arbitrator to have been incurred through unreasonable conduct ) , no solicitor 's charges as between party and party are allowed in those arbitration proceedings which have been referred because the sum claimed or amount involved did not [are more than] £1,000 ( ord 19 , r 6 ) .

Order 29 , r12 ( 1 ) simply states that the interim payment should be just and not exceed a reasonable proportion of the damages that the plaintiff is likely to be awarded .
order 29 , r12 ( 1 ) simply states that the interim payment should be just and not [are more than] a reasonable proportion of the damages that the plaintiff is likely to be awarded .

It is mandatory for the court to award interest where judgment is given for personal injuries or death which exceed £200 unless the court is satisfied there is a special reason .
it is mandatory for the court to award interest where judgment is given for personal injuries or death which [are more than] £200 unless the court is satisfied there is a special reason .

It was clear from the type of contract entered into ( purchase of seed to grow a commercial crop to be sold for profit ) that the likely loss , caused if the defendants supplied defective seed , would exceed the purchase price by such an amount ( namely the value of the ultimate crop ) that the limitation really amounted to a total exclusion of liability .
it was clear from the type of contract entered into ( purchase of seed to grow a commercial crop to be sold for profit ) that the likely loss , caused if the defendants supplied defective seed , would [are more than] the purchase price by such an amount ( namely the value of the ultimate crop ) that the limitation really amounted to a total exclusion of liability .

This is because economic loss can be of unforeseen proportions , can far exceed , in many cases the total contract value , and thus be a risk which it is for all practical purposes beyond the financial strength of most businessmen to assume , particularly if they were to accept such risks routinely in all their business dealings .
this is because economic loss can be of unforeseen proportions , can far [are more than] , in many cases the total contract value , and thus be a risk which it is for all practical purposes beyond the financial strength of most businessmen to assume , particularly if they were to accept such risks routinely in all their business dealings .

The increasing complexity of everyday business life has led many firms to recruit full time administrators whose status matches ( if indeed in terms of the power they wield it does not exceed ) that of the partners themselves ; or indeed one partner may be seconded to administrative duties on a permanent basis .
the increasing complexity of everyday business life has led many firms to recruit full time administrators whose status matches ( if indeed in terms of the power they wield it does not [are more than] ) that of the partners themselves ; or indeed one partner may be seconded to administrative duties on a permanent basis .

This will usually favour the firm which seeks injunctive relief , since the damage which might result from failing to restrain a former partner is almost bound to exceed that which could be caused by holding the latter to his covenants .
this will usually favour the firm which seeks injunctive relief , since the damage which might result from failing to restrain a former partner is almost bound to [are more than] that which could be caused by holding the latter to his covenants .

The expression " breach of warranty " is often used in disputes about deferred consideration , when vendors are said in the agreement to " warrant " that the profits reach a specified figure , and the purchasers seek a repayment from the vendors to compensate them for that loss , in most cases calculated on a pre-agreed formula : if the profits exceed the specified figure , the vendors may be entitled to additional consideration .
the expression " breach of warranty " is often used in disputes about deferred consideration , when vendors are said in the agreement to " warrant " that the profits reach a specified figure , and the purchasers seek a repayment from the vendors to compensate them for that loss , in most cases calculated on a pre-agreed formula : if the profits [are more than] the specified figure , the vendors may be entitled to additional consideration .

( a ) Where there has been oppressive , arbitrary or unconstitutional action by the servants of the government , or ( b ) Where the defendant 's conduct has been calculated by him to make a profit for himself which might exceed the compensation otherwise payable .
( a ) where there has been oppressive , arbitrary or unconstitutional action by the servants of the government , or ( b ) where the defendant 's conduct has been calculated by him to make a profit for himself which might [are more than] the compensation otherwise payable .

Care must also be taken to ensure that , if the price of the consideration shares falls , the total shares to be issued do not exceed 30 per cent of the purchaser 's share capital as the vendor may then be obliged to make an offer to purchase the remainder of the purchaser 's share capital under rule 9 of the City Code .
care must also be taken to ensure that , if the price of the consideration shares falls , the total shares to be issued do not [are more than] 30 per cent of the purchaser 's share capital as the vendor may then be obliged to make an offer to purchase the remainder of the purchaser 's share capital under rule 9 of the city code .

Older cars will be exempt if disposal costs exceed the value of recycled parts , as will cars destroyed in accidents .
older cars will be exempt if disposal costs [are more than] the value of recycled parts , as will cars destroyed in accidents .

It notes that even without taking into account the current drought in the region and the effects of global warming , demand there will continue to exceed local supplies .
it notes that even without taking into account the current drought in the region and the effects of global warming , demand there will continue to [are more than] local supplies .

We estimate that a typical child would have to eat a tonne of chocolate a week for life to exceed the safe dose , `` said the alliance 's spokesman .
we estimate that a typical child would have to eat a tonne of chocolate a week for life to [are more than] the safe dose , `` said the alliance 's spokesman .

Announcing the government 's decision , Indian Ministers insisted that it was solely related to their wish to proceed without outside interference , and claimed that the project would go ahead , and would meet or exceed the standards set by the Bank .
announcing the government 's decision , indian ministers insisted that it was solely related to their wish to proceed without outside interference , and claimed that the project would go ahead , and would meet or [are more than] the standards set by the bank .

The new figures exceed those recorded in the previous record `` burning seasons `` in 1987 and 1989 .
the new figures [are more than] those recorded in the previous record `` burning seasons `` in 1987 and 1989 .

Such packages have resulted in stockpiles of chemicals — methyl bromide in Sudan and dimethoate in Guinea-Bissau and Benin — that far exceed projected demands .
such packages have resulted in stockpiles of chemicals — methyl bromide in sudan and dimethoate in guinea-bissau and benin — that far [are more than] projected demands .

For the remaining 5 per cent of the year , they are allowed to exceed the standards by an unlimited amount .
for the remaining 5 per cent of the year , they are allowed to [are more than] the standards by an unlimited amount .

Many authorities responded reluctantly , some resisting the government 's wishes , and only in the 1970s did the number of pupils in comprehensive schools exceed the number attending selective schools .
many authorities responded reluctantly , some resisting the government 's wishes , and only in the 1970s did the number of pupils in comprehensive schools [are more than] the number attending selective schools .

The difficulty was this : he wanted to increase the elevation to creep forward over those last 300 yards ( he did not dare exceed the two-pound charge ) but , as every gunner knows , increasing the elevation beyond five degrees can be a risky business ; it is not the great number of rounds that destroys a cannon but the high elevation at which it is fired .
the difficulty was this : he wanted to increase the elevation to creep forward over those last 300 yards ( he did not dare [are more than] the two-pound charge ) but , as every gunner knows , increasing the elevation beyond five degrees can be a risky business ; it is not the great number of rounds that destroys a cannon but the high elevation at which it is fired .

The other explanation is that because seven-year-olds produce more inadequate messages than older children , their partners need to do more than equal the performance of the other age groups — they need to exceed it considerably .
the other explanation is that because seven-year-olds produce more inadequate messages than older children , their partners need to do more than equal the performance of the other age groups — they need to [are more than] it considerably .

Reluctantly , however , he authorised Baldwin to make a settlement which did not exceed a payment of £25 million a year .
reluctantly , however , he authorised baldwin to make a settlement which did not [are more than] a payment of £25 million a year .

It is a project which will exceed my lifetime ’ .
it is a project which will [are more than] my lifetime ’ .

Male suicides generally exceed female suicides ( although the ratio is reversed for attempted suicide ) .
male suicides generally [are more than] female suicides ( although the ratio is reversed for attempted suicide ) .

Female shoplifting offences exceed those of men , but women commit only a small percentage of sexual crimes and crimes of violence .
female shoplifting offences [are more than] those of men , but women commit only a small percentage of sexual crimes and crimes of violence .

Do n't exceed about ten minutes .
do n't [are more than] about ten minutes .

Only the very finest Persian-style pieces exceed the medium price bracket , and no other country makes rugs of comparable quality for the price .
only the very finest persian-style pieces [are more than] the medium price bracket , and no other country makes rugs of comparable quality for the price .

Then , if production of the good is socially worthwhile , the revenues will exceed the cost of production .
then , if production of the good is socially worthwhile , the revenues will [are more than] the cost of production .

Letter post items must not exceed 610mm in length by 460mm in width .
letter post items must not [are more than] 610mm in length by 460mm in width .

Any compensation shall not exceed the market value of the items lost , or reduction in value of items damaged .
any compensation shall not [are more than] the market value of the items lost , or reduction in value of items damaged .

‘ Moped ’ a motor cycle which does not exceed : Maximum design speed 30 mph , kerbside weight 250 kg , cylinder capacity ( if applicable ) 50 cc .
‘ moped ’ a motor cycle which does not [are more than] : maximum design speed 30 mph , kerbside weight 250 kg , cylinder capacity ( if applicable ) 50 cc .

1 ml/hour gives 10mcg/kg/hour Normal dosage — 4–8mcg/kg/hour = 0.4–0.8ml/hour Never exceed 15mcg/kg/hour because of the accumulative effects of morphine .
1 ml/hour gives 10mcg/kg/hour normal dosage — 4–8mcg/kg/hour = 0.4–0.8ml/hour never [are more than] 15mcg/kg/hour because of the accumulative effects of morphine .

If the management of a state asset is delegated to a private manager , a contract between the state agency and the manager must be entered into , the contents of which may be freely negotiated except that the term may not exceed ten years .
if the management of a state asset is delegated to a private manager , a contract between the state agency and the manager must be entered into , the contents of which may be freely negotiated except that the term may not [are more than] ten years .

Please remember , however , that if you exceed the agreed amount or overdraw your account without prior arrangement , you will automatically be charged a higher rate of interest on the excess or on unauthorised amounts .
please remember , however , that if you [are more than] the agreed amount or overdraw your account without prior arrangement , you will automatically be charged a higher rate of interest on the excess or on unauthorised amounts .

The great advantage of arranging a CheckOver is the peace of mind that comes from knowing that , provided you do not exceed your agreed CheckOver limit , we wo n't bounce your cheques or refuse you cash .
the great advantage of arranging a checkover is the peace of mind that comes from knowing that , provided you do not [are more than] your agreed checkover limit , we wo n't bounce your cheques or refuse you cash .

If you overdraw your account without telling us , or if you exceed your CheckOver limit , there will be a £10 administration fee to pay for that quarter , for the additional work involved .
if you overdraw your account without telling us , or if you [are more than] your checkover limit , there will be a £10 administration fee to pay for that quarter , for the additional work involved .

Are you suggesting that we exceed the Light Railway Order speed of 25 mph ?
are you suggesting that we [are more than] the light railway order speed of 25 mph ?

These plants can exceed the size of some national markets , leading producers to concentrate their production on a few sites and export to small markets : some chemical plants in Brazil or Mexico serve other parts of the Latin American market .
these plants can [are more than] the size of some national markets , leading producers to concentrate their production on a few sites and export to small markets : some chemical plants in brazil or mexico serve other parts of the latin american market .

By the late 1980s , Brazilian inflation had created such a thriving ( and openly tolerated ) black market in foreign currency that some multinationals found it worthwhile to exceed the 12 per cent limit .
by the late 1980s , brazilian inflation had created such a thriving ( and openly tolerated ) black market in foreign currency that some multinationals found it worthwhile to [are more than] the 12 per cent limit .

The standards of the best are set by the competition and one 's aim is always to exceed them .
the standards of the best are set by the competition and one 's aim is always to [are more than] them .

The cheque must not exceed the limit set by the banker 's card , i.e. £50 unless the management personally accept the responsibility of authorising cheques over this amount .
the cheque must not [are more than] the limit set by the banker 's card , i.e. £50 unless the management personally accept the responsibility of authorising cheques over this amount .

Check that the total amount of the bill does not exceed the ‘ floor limit ’ , which is the maximum amount of credit allowed without getting special authorisation .
check that the total amount of the bill does not [are more than] the ‘ floor limit ’ , which is the maximum amount of credit allowed without getting special authorisation .

that the property in question was of a sort covered by the innkeeper 's duty . The scope of the innkeeper 's duty is further limited by s.2(3) : where the proprietor of an hotel is liable as an innkeeper to make good the loss of or damage to property brought to the hotel , his liability to any one guest shall not exceed fifty pounds in respect of any one article , or one hundred pounds in the aggregate , except where —
that the property in question was of a sort covered by the innkeeper 's duty . the scope of the innkeeper 's duty is further limited by s.2(3) : where the proprietor of an hotel is liable as an innkeeper to make good the loss of or damage to property brought to the hotel , his liability to any one guest shall not [are more than] fifty pounds in respect of any one article , or one hundred pounds in the aggregate , except where —

For effective motivation , the rewards of employment must exceed the losses .
for effective motivation , the rewards of employment must [are more than] the losses .

If only one in 10 of those people cared for at home had instead to be looked after in residential institutions the additional public cost would exceed £1 billion a year .
if only one in 10 of those people cared for at home had instead to be looked after in residential institutions the additional public cost would [are more than] £1 billion a year .

Although light industry continued to exceed heavy industry in terms of value of output , the balance between the two shifted significantly .
although light industry continued to [are more than] heavy industry in terms of value of output , the balance between the two shifted significantly .

The total time lost by system users as a result of errors or the need to correct errors should not exceed twelve and a half hours taken over a three month rolling average ( i.e. 98% accuracy of processing ) .
the total time lost by system users as a result of errors or the need to correct errors should not [are more than] twelve and a half hours taken over a three month rolling average ( i.e. 98% accuracy of processing ) .

The demands made by terminals on channels and lines are very unlikely to exceed their capacity .
the demands made by terminals on channels and lines are very unlikely to [are more than] their capacity .

It is extremely easy to exceed these bounds when specifying a program , and so it is essential that a programmer experienced in the particular system or systems to be used is involved in the initial design discussions .
it is extremely easy to [are more than] these bounds when specifying a program , and so it is essential that a programmer experienced in the particular system or systems to be used is involved in the initial design discussions .

The proportion of owner-occupiers among councillors increased in line with the general growth in this form of tenure and they continued to exceed the general population in this regard .
the proportion of owner-occupiers among councillors increased in line with the general growth in this form of tenure and they continued to [are more than] the general population in this regard .

Expo '92 is forecast to exceed all records as the biggest exhibition of its kind , but the important question is whether it will live up to long term expectations . By Hashi Syedain
expo '92 is forecast to [are more than] all records as the biggest exhibition of its kind , but the important question is whether it will live up to long term expectations . by hashi syedain

Expo '92 is scheduled to exceed all records for events of this kind , which began with the great exhibition in London in 1851 .
expo '92 is scheduled to [are more than] all records for events of this kind , which began with the great exhibition in london in 1851 .

In Andalusia itself , the investment in transport is scheduled to exceed $ 7 billion .
in andalusia itself , the investment in transport is scheduled to [are more than] $ 7 billion .

The cost of travel to the place of trial will also be relevant ; in an extreme case , the expense of the plaintiff 's own journey to the only available forum might exceed the value of the claim , though in other cases legal aid may be available to cover those costs .
the cost of travel to the place of trial will also be relevant ; in an extreme case , the expense of the plaintiff 's own journey to the only available forum might [are more than] the value of the claim , though in other cases legal aid may be available to cover those costs .

The model allows the viewer to apply the air pressure to a flooded tunnel , causing it to dewater , to increase the pressure and eventually exceed the head of water resulting in a ‘ blow out ’ .
the model allows the viewer to apply the air pressure to a flooded tunnel , causing it to dewater , to increase the pressure and eventually [are more than] the head of water resulting in a ‘ blow out ’ .

The total number of persons using the accommodation shall not exceed the number for which it has been booked ;
the total number of persons using the accommodation shall not [are more than] the number for which it has been booked ;

If the costs of an activity exceed the benefits , he will maximize his total satisfactions by choosing not to engage in it .
if the costs of an activity [are more than] the benefits , he will maximize his total satisfactions by choosing not to engage in it .

The requisite data is not available , and it is never likely to become available … Overall , do the economic benefits of insider trading exceed the costs ?
the requisite data is not available , and it is never likely to become available … overall , do the economic benefits of insider trading [are more than] the costs ?

Our own view is that the costs to the economy of insider trading exceed the benefits , but it seems to be impossible to quantify either costs or benefits over any period of time … [ Alternatively ] do the economic benefits of attempting to prevent insider trading exceed the costs ?
our own view is that the costs to the economy of insider trading [are more than] the benefits , but it seems to be impossible to quantify either costs or benefits over any period of time … [ alternatively ] do the economic benefits of attempting to prevent insider trading [are more than] the costs ?

( e ) … there shall be paid from amounts imposed as a penalty under this section and recovered by the Commission or the Attorney General , such sums , not to exceed 10 per cent of such amounts , as the Commission deems appropriate , to the person or persons who provide information leading to the imposition of such penalty .
( e ) … there shall be paid from amounts imposed as a penalty under this section and recovered by the commission or the attorney general , such sums , not to [are more than] 10 per cent of such amounts , as the commission deems appropriate , to the person or persons who provide information leading to the imposition of such penalty .

Rates of colonisation with potentially pathogenic micro-organisms are even higher , particularly in ventilated patients , and may exceed 80 % in those staying in the intensive care unit for five or more days .
rates of colonisation with potentially pathogenic micro-organisms are even higher , particularly in ventilated patients , and may [are more than] 80 % in those staying in the intensive care unit for five or more days .

When using this method , the panes must have a width less than 250mm , and the area of each pane must not exceed 0.5m 2 .
when using this method , the panes must have a width less than 250mm , and the area of each pane must not [are more than] 0.5m 2 .

Central banks require reserves of international liquidity for two reasons : to support the domestic exchange rate in foreign exchange markets ; and to meet the possibility that in any given time-period payment to foreigners will exceed receipts .
central banks require reserves of international liquidity for two reasons : to support the domestic exchange rate in foreign exchange markets ; and to meet the possibility that in any given time-period payment to foreigners will [are more than] receipts .

Although the system of relief under the Poor Law had changed when the Boards of Guardians were disbanded in 1929 and changes had been made in the unemployment insurance scheme , the principle of not allowing unemployment benefit to exceed a man 's wages was by no means abandoned .
although the system of relief under the poor law had changed when the boards of guardians were disbanded in 1929 and changes had been made in the unemployment insurance scheme , the principle of not allowing unemployment benefit to [are more than] a man 's wages was by no means abandoned .

In 1976 the Department of Health and Social Security estimated that the total cost to central and local government funds of an equal pension age of 60 would exceed £2,000 million a year , or about £100 a worker .
in 1976 the department of health and social security estimated that the total cost to central and local government funds of an equal pension age of 60 would [are more than] £2,000 million a year , or about £100 a worker .

The main areas where titanium levels , mainly in ilmenite or titanomagnetite , exceed normal levels in basic rocks are :
the main areas where titanium levels , mainly in ilmenite or titanomagnetite , [are more than] normal levels in basic rocks are :

The compensation payable by us in respect of a claim or number of claims arising from one occurrence will not exceed £1,000,000 .
the compensation payable by us in respect of a claim or number of claims arising from one occurrence will not [are more than] £1,000,000 .

pay an equivalent cost settlement provided that the maximum amount payable by General Accident shall not exceed
pay an equivalent cost settlement provided that the maximum amount payable by general accident shall not [are more than]

The liability of the Corporation under this Section ( subject to Condition 5 of this Policy ) for all compensation payable in respect of or arising out of one occurrence or in respect of or arising out of all occurrences of a series consequent on or attributable to one source or original cause shall not exceed £1,000,000 .
the liability of the corporation under this section ( subject to condition 5 of this policy ) for all compensation payable in respect of or arising out of one occurrence or in respect of or arising out of all occurrences of a series consequent on or attributable to one source or original cause shall not [are more than] £1,000,000 .

Given that Batch 3 courses are still to start — candidates will first enrol for them in the summer of 1992 — it looks as if the number of candidates involved in advanced courses in any one year is going to exceed 30,000 when the steady stage is eventually reached for the new system — and that the number of Higher National Unit enrolments per year will approach 200,000 .
given that batch 3 courses are still to start — candidates will first enrol for them in the summer of 1992 — it looks as if the number of candidates involved in advanced courses in any one year is going to [are more than] 30,000 when the steady stage is eventually reached for the new system — and that the number of higher national unit enrolments per year will approach 200,000 .

Additional studies by the Building Research Establishment indicate that isolated structural damage can occur when gust speeds exceed about 39 knots and widespread damage can occur when gustspeeds exceed about 49 knots .
additional studies by the building research establishment indicate that isolated structural damage can occur when gust speeds [are more than] about 39 knots and widespread damage can occur when gustspeeds [are more than] about 49 knots .

It is possible to settle the claim on a diminution in market value basis , provided this would not exceed the cost of repair .
it is possible to settle the claim on a diminution in market value basis , provided this would not [are more than] the cost of repair .

All claims involving litigation including recoveries Branches will deal with Public Liability claims where the estimate does not exceed £2500 .
all claims involving litigation including recoveries branches will deal with public liability claims where the estimate does not [are more than] £2500 .

The Policyholder may claim a constructive total loss when the subject matter of insurance is reasonably abandoned to the Insurer on the account of its actual total loss appearing to be unavoidable or because it could not be preserved from such actual total loss without an expenditure that would exceed its value when recovered/repaired .
the policyholder may claim a constructive total loss when the subject matter of insurance is reasonably abandoned to the insurer on the account of its actual total loss appearing to be unavoidable or because it could not be preserved from such actual total loss without an expenditure that would [are more than] its value when recovered/repaired .

If the vessel is sold unrepaired then the measure of indemnity will be the depreciation in the sale price caused by the unrepaired damage , provided such depreciation would not exceed the reasonable cost of repairs if the vessel had been repaired at the time of loss .
if the vessel is sold unrepaired then the measure of indemnity will be the depreciation in the sale price caused by the unrepaired damage , provided such depreciation would not [are more than] the reasonable cost of repairs if the vessel had been repaired at the time of loss .

Under a Marine Policy the Insurer will be liable to settle successive partial losses even if the total amount of such losses within one Policy period should exceed the Sum Insured .
under a marine policy the insurer will be liable to settle successive partial losses even if the total amount of such losses within one policy period should [are more than] the sum insured .

Thus where the owner or operator of a British vessel is able to claim the benefit of limitation his liability for any incident will not exceed approximately $ 380,000 .
thus where the owner or operator of a british vessel is able to claim the benefit of limitation his liability for any incident will not [are more than] approximately $ 380,000 .

We will , therefore , be interested in any local catastrophe which causes damage likely to exceed the branch handling limit in total .
we will , therefore , be interested in any local catastrophe which causes damage likely to [are more than] the branch handling limit in total .

Limits of Amounts payable under this Section 2(a) is amended to read as follows : all items not listed individually on your latest schedule-maximum amount payable for each item will not exceed $1,000 .
limits of amounts payable under this section 2(a) is amended to read as follows : all items not listed individually on your latest schedule-maximum amount payable for each item will not [are more than] $1,000 .

That they will take all reasonable steps to advise the Society whenever they are notified of a claim arising under a policy to which this Agreement applies to which the cost of settlement is likely to exceed $1,000 .
that they will take all reasonable steps to advise the society whenever they are notified of a claim arising under a policy to which this agreement applies to which the cost of settlement is likely to [are more than] $1,000 .

Under the contingency insurance arrangements available in the market , but which do not form an integral part of the Agreement , insurance protection can be made available where the sum insured on private dwellinghouses does not exceed the threshold .
under the contingency insurance arrangements available in the market , but which do not form an integral part of the agreement , insurance protection can be made available where the sum insured on private dwellinghouses does not [are more than] the threshold .

We would argue that the benefits exceed the costs .
we would argue that the benefits [are more than] the costs .

‘ Nothing can exceed the energy and magnificence of the character of Satan as expressed in Paradise Lost . ’ Do you think the portrayal of Satan is a source of unbalance in the poem as a whole ? ’
‘ nothing can [are more than] the energy and magnificence of the character of satan as expressed in paradise lost . ’ do you think the portrayal of satan is a source of unbalance in the poem as a whole ? ’

In 1976 the figure was set at 20,000 , and it was expected in that year that the figure would not exceed 15,000 in the following and subsequent years .
in 1976 the figure was set at 20,000 , and it was expected in that year that the figure would not [are more than] 15,000 in the following and subsequent years .

One demand made during the Pilgrimage of Grace in 1536 was that entry fines should not exceed the value of two years ' rent , so it is likely that by this time , when a rising population was creating a shortage of land , some landlords were seeking more .
one demand made during the pilgrimage of grace in 1536 was that entry fines should not [are more than] the value of two years ' rent , so it is likely that by this time , when a rising population was creating a shortage of land , some landlords were seeking more .

Population shortage had reduced the demand for land , and it was not until the sixteenth century that demand again began to exceed supply .
population shortage had reduced the demand for land , and it was not until the sixteenth century that demand again began to [are more than] supply .

note : The question has been set up so that there is a situation where the current liabilities exceed the current assets in order to allow an explanation of how dangerous this can be in terms of risk .
note : the question has been set up so that there is a situation where the current liabilities [are more than] the current assets in order to allow an explanation of how dangerous this can be in terms of risk .

Answer guide : In this case the future benefit to be obtained is difficult to judge and may not exceed the rental .
answer guide : in this case the future benefit to be obtained is difficult to judge and may not [are more than] the rental .

It also carries a risk of perforation and haemorrhage and , when undertaken repeatedly in low-risk people , this risk may exceed the benefit .
it also carries a risk of perforation and haemorrhage and , when undertaken repeatedly in low-risk people , this risk may [are more than] the benefit .

economic agents simultaneously employ an economic model of the economy and use all available information , the expected marginal benefits of which equal or exceed its marginal cost , to make predictions about economic outcomes .
economic agents simultaneously employ an economic model of the economy and use all available information , the expected marginal benefits of which equal or [are more than] its marginal cost , to make predictions about economic outcomes .

This is the output that satisfies the constraint that total cost does not exceed the total benefit derived by consumer-voters .
this is the output that satisfies the constraint that total cost does not [are more than] the total benefit derived by consumer-voters .

Of course , this particular case depends on the assumption that the reversion level exceeds ( and continues to exceed ) the most preferred level .
of course , this particular case depends on the assumption that the reversion level exceeds ( and continues to [are more than] ) the most preferred level .

You should try and amalgamate these DCs so that the total does not exceed 10 .
you should try and amalgamate these dcs so that the total does not [are more than] 10 .

where file name must have a minimum of one character in both the name and the extension , but must not exceed 64 characters , nor contain spaces .
where file name must have a minimum of one character in both the name and the extension , but must not [are more than] 64 characters , nor contain spaces .

You should specify a date and time which does not exceed the current date and time in the format dd-MMM-yyyy hh:mm .
you should specify a date and time which does not [are more than] the current date and time in the format dd-mmm-yyyy hh:mm .

In November 1987 Texas Eastern agreed to clean up 89 chemically contaminated sites along an oil pipeline ; the total cost was estimated to exceed $ 400m .
in november 1987 texas eastern agreed to clean up 89 chemically contaminated sites along an oil pipeline ; the total cost was estimated to [are more than] $ 400m .

For all of these types of capital allowance , where , on sale , the disposal proceeds exceed the cost of the asset less the allowances claimed , the disposal will give rise to a clawback of allowances equal to the smaller of the excess and the allowances claimed .
for all of these types of capital allowance , where , on sale , the disposal proceeds [are more than] the cost of the asset less the allowances claimed , the disposal will give rise to a clawback of allowances equal to the smaller of the excess and the allowances claimed .

here the proceeds do not exceed the cost of the asset less the allowance claimed , an allowance equal to the shortfall will be given unless the original expenditure was pooled , in which case the balance of the pooled expenditure after deducting the disposal proceeds will continue to be written down at 25 % per annum .
here the proceeds do not [are more than] the cost of the asset less the allowance claimed , an allowance equal to the shortfall will be given unless the original expenditure was pooled , in which case the balance of the pooled expenditure after deducting the disposal proceeds will continue to be written down at 25 % per annum .

Analysis of contractor 's cash flow projections and their discounting back to current prices may reveal that what appears to be the cheapest tender is not in fact so , or that it would exceed the client 's budget at certain times .
analysis of contractor 's cash flow projections and their discounting back to current prices may reveal that what appears to be the cheapest tender is not in fact so , or that it would [are more than] the client 's budget at certain times .

Parties had to exceed a 5 per cent threshold of votes in either the Czech Lands or Slovakia in order to win seats ; votes for unsuccessful parties were redistributed proportionally among successful ones .
parties had to [are more than] a 5 per cent threshold of votes in either the czech lands or slovakia in order to win seats ; votes for unsuccessful parties were redistributed proportionally among successful ones .

Parties had to exceed the 5 per cent limit to win seats in the Czech National Council , but the threshold in Slovakia was only 3 per cent .
parties had to [are more than] the 5 per cent limit to win seats in the czech national council , but the threshold in slovakia was only 3 per cent .

Despite the reduction of inflation to 12.9 per cent ( compared with a 1989 target of 15 per cent ) and a growth rate in 1989 which was expected narrowly to exceed population growth , the economy 's structure remained largely unchanged , particularly in agriculture , with a prominent division between estates producing commodities for export , and a peasant sector where successful farmers were in a tiny minority .
despite the reduction of inflation to 12.9 per cent ( compared with a 1989 target of 15 per cent ) and a growth rate in 1989 which was expected narrowly to [are more than] population growth , the economy 's structure remained largely unchanged , particularly in agriculture , with a prominent division between estates producing commodities for export , and a peasant sector where successful farmers were in a tiny minority .

Foreign investment was , however , not generally to exceed 49 per cent of the firm 's capital .
foreign investment was , however , not generally to [are more than] 49 per cent of the firm 's capital .

The package adhered to Bush 's election campaign pledge not to raise taxes , whilst also ensuring that , in theory , the budget deficit did not exceed $ 64,000 million , the legal requirement stipulated by the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction law .
the package adhered to bush 's election campaign pledge not to raise taxes , whilst also ensuring that , in theory , the budget deficit did not [are more than] $ 64,000 million , the legal requirement stipulated by the gramm-rudman-hollings deficit reduction law .

The Jordanian Interior Ministry for its part had estimated on Sept. 4 that the number of refugees arriving in Jordan could exceed 1,000,000 .
the jordanian interior ministry for its part had estimated on sept. 4 that the number of refugees arriving in jordan could [are more than] 1,000,000 .

Defeated presidential candidates who won at least 1 per cent of the total vote were entitled to an extra seat for their party in the National Assembly so that the final overall number of deputies could exceed 90 .
defeated presidential candidates who won at least 1 per cent of the total vote were entitled to an extra seat for their party in the national assembly so that the final overall number of deputies could [are more than] 90 .

Friction , jealousy and suspicion of all kinds , of course , persisted , but without any doubt , even before American entry into the war , the intimacy and exchanges between the two nations were beginning to exceed the norms to be found within the ordinary run of international partnerships .
friction , jealousy and suspicion of all kinds , of course , persisted , but without any doubt , even before american entry into the war , the intimacy and exchanges between the two nations were beginning to [are more than] the norms to be found within the ordinary run of international partnerships .

From an economic point of view , the private benefits to the successful innovator are likely to exceed social benefits even if the latter are positive because many innovations , particularly on the product development as opposed to the process/new technology side , do not offer strong benefits to investors aside from existing instruments .
from an economic point of view , the private benefits to the successful innovator are likely to [are more than] social benefits even if the latter are positive because many innovations , particularly on the product development as opposed to the process/new technology side , do not offer strong benefits to investors aside from existing instruments .

Thus the acquirer should be compensated for its loss of bargain and , in very extreme cases , damages could exceed the purchase consideration .
thus the acquirer should be compensated for its loss of bargain and , in very extreme cases , damages could [are more than] the purchase consideration .

The total consideration shall not exceed £ [ ] million .
the total consideration shall not [are more than] £ [ ] million .

Should the transaction cease for any reason then you will be liable for outstanding costs , which will not exceed the fixed fee amounts quoted above .
should the transaction cease for any reason then you will be liable for outstanding costs , which will not [are more than] the fixed fee amounts quoted above .

The aggregate liability of the Vendor in respect of all claims for breach of any of the Warranties shall not in any event exceed the Consideration ;
the aggregate liability of the vendor in respect of all claims for breach of any of the warranties shall not in any event [are more than] the consideration ;

the Purchaser shall not make any claim or claims against the Vendor in respect of the breach of any of the Warranties unless the amount of each individual claim shall exceed £ ; and the aggregate amount of such claims shall exceed £ ;
the purchaser shall not make any claim or claims against the vendor in respect of the breach of any of the warranties unless the amount of each individual claim shall [are more than] £ ; and the aggregate amount of such claims shall [are more than] £ ;

Each year the number of working days lost will exceed , by a significant margin , those lost by strikes even in the very worst years of industrial unrest .
each year the number of working days lost will [are more than] , by a significant margin , those lost by strikes even in the very worst years of industrial unrest .

The permitted limits of £1,000 a year in total for gifts , and the exemptions of as many small gifts of £100 a year as the donor may choose and of all gifts out of surplus income are not unreasonable for ordinary individuals ; and the raising of the exempt gift on marriage to £5,000 per parent will probably exceed the capacity of most parents , particularly that of the bride 's parents saddled with the cost of the reception as well .
the permitted limits of £1,000 a year in total for gifts , and the exemptions of as many small gifts of £100 a year as the donor may choose and of all gifts out of surplus income are not unreasonable for ordinary individuals ; and the raising of the exempt gift on marriage to £5,000 per parent will probably [are more than] the capacity of most parents , particularly that of the bride 's parents saddled with the cost of the reception as well .

We can make charges which do not exceed the costs reasonably attributable to the supply of the information .
we can make charges which do not [are more than] the costs reasonably attributable to the supply of the information .

This explains the abundance of deltaic sediments in the stratigraphical record of the continental areas , but one must also expect that such sediments will either not exceed a critical maximum thickness , such as that suggested above , or they must have been deposited in a tectonically subsiding trough .
this explains the abundance of deltaic sediments in the stratigraphical record of the continental areas , but one must also expect that such sediments will either not [are more than] a critical maximum thickness , such as that suggested above , or they must have been deposited in a tectonically subsiding trough .

Supervisors are concerned that banks should balance their assets and liabilities in each currency in such a way that their ‘ exposure ’ ( to risk of loss on the foreign exchange market ) should not exceed 10 % of their capital base .
supervisors are concerned that banks should balance their assets and liabilities in each currency in such a way that their ‘ exposure ’ ( to risk of loss on the foreign exchange market ) should not [are more than] 10 % of their capital base .

Solicitors who do not tell their clients in advance as much as they can about the likely cost of a piece of work — or exceed an estimate without notice — are now at risk of having their charges reduced by the Law Society under its powers to penalise Inadequate Professional Services .
solicitors who do not tell their clients in advance as much as they can about the likely cost of a piece of work — or [are more than] an estimate without notice — are now at risk of having their charges reduced by the law society under its powers to penalise inadequate professional services .

Again , do not exceed 2048k , as performance gains , even with exceptionally large hard drives are minimal — less than 1 % — above this figure .
again , do not [are more than] 2048k , as performance gains , even with exceptionally large hard drives are minimal — less than 1 % — above this figure .

to understand and exceed our customers ' needs for high quality , value for money products and services ;
to understand and [are more than] our customers ' needs for high quality , value for money products and services ;

‘ We aim to understand and exceed our customers ’ needs for high quality , value for money products and services . ’
‘ we aim to understand and [are more than] our customers ’ needs for high quality , value for money products and services . ’

Bristol , which had a large increase in students last year , like Oxford and Cambridge , did not seek this year to exceed its own previously announced planned expansion .
bristol , which had a large increase in students last year , like oxford and cambridge , did not seek this year to [are more than] its own previously announced planned expansion .

Figure legends should not exceed 300 words and ideally should be shorter .
figure legends should not [are more than] 300 words and ideally should be shorter .

The sizes of these crystallites are small relative to the length of a fully extended polymer chain , but they are also found to be independent of the molar mass and rarely exceed 1 to 100 nm .
the sizes of these crystallites are small relative to the length of a fully extended polymer chain , but they are also found to be independent of the molar mass and rarely [are more than] 1 to 100 nm .

Colour authority and stock service capability allied to tight cost control and good buying saw Laidlaw & Fairgrieve exceed last year 's record figures .
colour authority and stock service capability allied to tight cost control and good buying saw laidlaw & fairgrieve [are more than] last year 's record figures .

Our last Letters are dated Hobart Town Feb. 9 up to which time his expedition had been eminently successful ; far more so than he could have anticipated ; the most liberal assistance had been rendered him by the Authorities , everything that could facilitate his views being cheerfully accorded : while nothing could exceed the kindness of Sir John and Lady Franklin in whose house he was then residing : in fact so much were they interested in his pursuits that upon more than one occasion they accompanied him in his exploring parties .
our last letters are dated hobart town feb. 9 up to which time his expedition had been eminently successful ; far more so than he could have anticipated ; the most liberal assistance had been rendered him by the authorities , everything that could facilitate his views being cheerfully accorded : while nothing could [are more than] the kindness of sir john and lady franklin in whose house he was then residing : in fact so much were they interested in his pursuits that upon more than one occasion they accompanied him in his exploring parties .

This season the company has exported 640,000 tonnes of cereals and malt , while imports for the year are expected to exceed 200,000 tonnes . Although it is at a disadvantage to the very deep water berths at Tilbury , Hull and Southampton , which can berth vessels of 25–30,000 tonnes , it still handles similar tonnages !
this season the company has exported 640,000 tonnes of cereals and malt , while imports for the year are expected to [are more than] 200,000 tonnes . although it is at a disadvantage to the very deep water berths at tilbury , hull and southampton , which can berth vessels of 25–30,000 tonnes , it still handles similar tonnages !

the number of shares issued under any employee share scheme not involving the grant of options , when aggregated with the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( excluding lapsed options ) under the Executive Scheme and any other employee share option scheme shall not in any ten year period exceed 10% of the Company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ;
the number of shares issued under any employee share scheme not involving the grant of options , when aggregated with the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( excluding lapsed options ) under the executive scheme and any other employee share option scheme shall not in any ten year period [are more than] 10% of the company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ;

the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( excluding lapsed options ) under the Executive Scheme and any other employee share option scheme ( other than a savings related scheme ) shall not in any ten year period exceed 5% of the Company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ; and
the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( excluding lapsed options ) under the executive scheme and any other employee share option scheme ( other than a savings related scheme ) shall not in any ten year period [are more than] 5% of the company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ; and

the total number of shares issued or capable of being issued pursuant to options granted under the Executive Scheme during the four year period commencing on the date of adoption shall not exceed 2.5% of the issued ordinary share capital for the time being .
the total number of shares issued or capable of being issued pursuant to options granted under the executive scheme during the four year period commencing on the date of adoption shall not [are more than] 2.5% of the issued ordinary share capital for the time being .

Contemporaries were well aware of this : `` Were an inventory to be taken of household goods and furniture of a peasant or mechanic in France and of a peasant or mechanic in England , the latter would be found on average to exceed the former in value by at least three to one . ``
contemporaries were well aware of this : `` were an inventory to be taken of household goods and furniture of a peasant or mechanic in france and of a peasant or mechanic in england , the latter would be found on average to [are more than] the former in value by at least three to one . ``

Demand for funds was more likely to exceed supply in manufacturing districts , and country banks in this situation drew on their correspondents in the City by sending in immature bills .
demand for funds was more likely to [are more than] supply in manufacturing districts , and country banks in this situation drew on their correspondents in the city by sending in immature bills .

Always check the recommended wattage on any light shade purchased and do not fit bulbs which exceed it .
always check the recommended wattage on any light shade purchased and do not fit bulbs which [are more than] it .

‘ Nothing could exceed my delight , Benedict ! ’ uttered Mrs Alderley , beaming . ‘ If your poor mother had ever dreamed of this ! ’
‘ nothing could [are more than] my delight , benedict ! ’ uttered mrs alderley , beaming . ‘ if your poor mother had ever dreamed of this ! ’

Its reflectance did not exceed 7.5 % of the white card reading in any trial .
its reflectance did not [are more than] 7.5 % of the white card reading in any trial .

Figure 15–4 shows that tax on films makes the gross-of-tax price of films to consumers exceed the net-of-tax price received by producers of films .
figure 15–4 shows that tax on films makes the gross-of-tax price of films to consumers [are more than] the net-of-tax price received by producers of films .

Since consumers equate price to marginal benefits derived from the last unit , in general marginal benefit will exceed marginal cost in imperfectly competitive industries .
since consumers equate price to marginal benefits derived from the last unit , in general marginal benefit will [are more than] marginal cost in imperfectly competitive industries .

Your marginal costs are also society 's marginal costs , but society 's marginal benefits exceed your own .
your marginal costs are also society 's marginal costs , but society 's marginal benefits [are more than] your own .

Because private producers fail to take account of the costs they impose on others , in equilibrium the social marginal cost will exceed the social marginal benefit .
because private producers fail to take account of the costs they impose on others , in equilibrium the social marginal cost will [are more than] the social marginal benefit .

Thus , beyond a certain point the marginal social benefit of further risk reduction will exceed the marginal social cost .
thus , beyond a certain point the marginal social benefit of further risk reduction will [are more than] the marginal social cost .

When firms have monopoly power , price and social marginal benefit of the last output unit exceed the private and social marginal cost of producing that last output unit .
when firms have monopoly power , price and social marginal benefit of the last output unit [are more than] the private and social marginal cost of producing that last output unit .

The social gains from an efficient road or rail network may exceed the private benefit for which direct users are prepared to pay .
the social gains from an efficient road or rail network may [are more than] the private benefit for which direct users are prepared to pay .

There was a proviso that should the value of the jewels exceed the amount of the debt , the excess must be paid over to the king 's treasury .
there was a proviso that should the value of the jewels [are more than] the amount of the debt , the excess must be paid over to the king 's treasury .

An issue that the guillotine motion will not allow us to discuss does not involve improving the average standards , but the fact that those local authorities that already exceed the minimum standard and conduct inspections more frequently than once every four years will be required to lower their standards .
an issue that the guillotine motion will not allow us to discuss does not involve improving the average standards , but the fact that those local authorities that already [are more than] the minimum standard and conduct inspections more frequently than once every four years will be required to lower their standards .

For example , our exports of television sets substantially exceed imports .
for example , our exports of television sets substantially [are more than] imports .

If the scheme is to qualify for grant aid , the benefit-cost assessment must show that the present value of all the benefits derived from the scheme exceed the present value of all the costs .
if the scheme is to qualify for grant aid , the benefit-cost assessment must show that the present value of all the benefits derived from the scheme [are more than] the present value of all the costs .

The width of the channel to be provided would normally be 30 m , but in places would exceed 100 m .
the width of the channel to be provided would normally be 30 m , but in places would [are more than] 100 m .

As with the poll tax , our local authorities believe that the cost will far exceed that predicted by Welsh Office Ministers and their officials .
as with the poll tax , our local authorities believe that the cost will far [are more than] that predicted by welsh office ministers and their officials .

To catch up with Germany by the end of the decade , Britain 's productivity growth must exceed Germany 's by 3 per cent .
to catch up with germany by the end of the decade , britain 's productivity growth must [are more than] germany 's by 3 per cent .

The Social Secretary was encouraged by fellow members of the preservation group to obtain sponsorship for the group 's funds and succeeded in raising an amount which , when all payments are collected , should exceed £40 .
the social secretary was encouraged by fellow members of the preservation group to obtain sponsorship for the group 's funds and succeeded in raising an amount which , when all payments are collected , should [are more than] £40 .

To make commercial sense of this arrangement , the contract would also need to contain a provision placing a duty on the seller to account to the buyer for any amount by which the proceeds of sub-sales of unmixed goods exceed the amount of the buyer 's indebtedness to the seller .
to make commercial sense of this arrangement , the contract would also need to contain a provision placing a duty on the seller to account to the buyer for any amount by which the proceeds of sub-sales of unmixed goods [are more than] the amount of the buyer 's indebtedness to the seller .

So a private sector agent will only provide a public good if his private benefits exceed the costs of producing the good .
so a private sector agent will only provide a public good if his private benefits [are more than] the costs of producing the good .

The allocative outcome is inefficient because the social costs of depletion and usage exceed the social benefits from the extra consumption .
the allocative outcome is inefficient because the social costs of depletion and usage [are more than] the social benefits from the extra consumption .

Pressure-reducing valve to ensure that the actual pressure in the system does not exceed a safe level ( typically ⅓ Of the test pressure of the hot water cylinder )
pressure-reducing valve to ensure that the actual pressure in the system does not [are more than] a safe level ( typically ⅓ of the test pressure of the hot water cylinder )

At one extreme the particle dimensions may exceed one metre , but at the other are the very fine particles less than one micrometre in diameter .
at one extreme the particle dimensions may [are more than] one metre , but at the other are the very fine particles less than one micrometre in diameter .

The greatest load on a sieve should not exceed 4–6 grain diameters ( McManus , 1965 ) .
the greatest load on a sieve should not [are more than] 4–6 grain diameters ( mcmanus , 1965 ) .

returns which exceed the rate of inflation .
returns which [are more than] the rate of inflation .

The risk that payments might exceed existing money holdings for some unforeseen reason could prove very embarrassing .
the risk that payments might [are more than] existing money holdings for some unforeseen reason could prove very embarrassing .

And in fact , some of the values that have often been associated with literature would seem to conform to Derrida 's anti-logocentric approach , in so far as the so-called medium in literature ( the form , the language ) has been presumed to exceed to a greater or lesser extent any content or message it may have .
and in fact , some of the values that have often been associated with literature would seem to conform to derrida 's anti-logocentric approach , in so far as the so-called medium in literature ( the form , the language ) has been presumed to [are more than] to a greater or lesser extent any content or message it may have .

Yet she knew that the ordeal to come must tax all her strength and , not impossibly , exceed it .
yet she knew that the ordeal to come must tax all her strength and , not impossibly , [are more than] it .

to offer to the holders of ordinary shares of £1 each in the capital of the Company ( ‘ Ordinary Shares ’ ) the right to elect to receive an allotment of new Ordinary Shares , credited as fully paid , in lieu of all or part of the final cash dividend in respect of the financial year of the Company ended on 31st March 1993 in all respects in such manner as may be determined by the directors on the basis and subject to the conditions of the circular dated 21st June 1993 sent to the members of the Company by the Company and , in particular , such that the aggregate nominal value of the new Ordinary Shares which such holders may elect to receive may exceed the aggregate cash dividend which they would otherwise be entitled to receive ; and
to offer to the holders of ordinary shares of £1 each in the capital of the company ( ‘ ordinary shares ’ ) the right to elect to receive an allotment of new ordinary shares , credited as fully paid , in lieu of all or part of the final cash dividend in respect of the financial year of the company ended on 31st march 1993 in all respects in such manner as may be determined by the directors on the basis and subject to the conditions of the circular dated 21st june 1993 sent to the members of the company by the company and , in particular , such that the aggregate nominal value of the new ordinary shares which such holders may elect to receive may [are more than] the aggregate cash dividend which they would otherwise be entitled to receive ; and

Engineers should not exceed their level of competence where the result might put people at risk , nor ask others to exceed theirs .
engineers should not [are more than] their level of competence where the result might put people at risk , nor ask others to [are more than] theirs .

Do not exceed your level of competence on risk issues or ask others to do so ; seek expert assistance where necessary .
do not [are more than] your level of competence on risk issues or ask others to do so ; seek expert assistance where necessary .

This was done by giving subjects a maximum number of accidents which their estimates could not exceed .
this was done by giving subjects a maximum number of accidents which their estimates could not [are more than] .

Films were excluded if weather conditions made viewing difficult , if for example the windscreen wipers were used , or if the total length of the film would exceed one minute .
films were excluded if weather conditions made viewing difficult , if for example the windscreen wipers were used , or if the total length of the film would [are more than] one minute .

The period of occupation of this area must not exceed 40 weeks .
the period of occupation of this area must not [are more than] 40 weeks .

The period of occupation of this area must not exceed 40 weeks .
the period of occupation of this area must not [are more than] 40 weeks .

Our Canadian business , which underwent an organisational restructuring the previous year , was able to benefit in 1992 and both drystone and coated tonnages were significantly higher enabling the business to offset price weakness in the marketplace and exceed its budget .
our canadian business , which underwent an organisational restructuring the previous year , was able to benefit in 1992 and both drystone and coated tonnages were significantly higher enabling the business to offset price weakness in the marketplace and [are more than] its budget .

With mandatory spending projected to exceed 50 per cent of total outlays in 1993 , Darman proposed to remedy this `` fundamental flaw in the present system of budget discipline `` by introducing a cap on mandatory spending growth similar to that which already controlled the growth of discretionary spending .
with mandatory spending projected to [are more than] 50 per cent of total outlays in 1993 , darman proposed to remedy this `` fundamental flaw in the present system of budget discipline `` by introducing a cap on mandatory spending growth similar to that which already controlled the growth of discretionary spending .

Obsolete articles included stipulations that Finnish ground forces could not exceed 34,400 persons and that Finnish forces could not acquire submarines , guided missiles or bombers .
obsolete articles included stipulations that finnish ground forces could not [are more than] 34,400 persons and that finnish forces could not acquire submarines , guided missiles or bombers .

The list of favoured clients who received compensation was believed to exceed 200 names .
the list of favoured clients who received compensation was believed to [are more than] 200 names .

( 3 ) This section applies to a contract if — ( a ) the rent does not exceed the figure applicable in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) , and ( b ) the letting is not on such terms as to the tenant 's responsibility as are mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) … ( 5 ) This section does not apply where a house is let for a term of three years or more ( the lease not being determinable at the option of either party before the expiration of three years ) upon terms that the tenant puts the premises into a condition reasonably fit for human habitation .
( 3 ) this section applies to a contract if — ( a ) the rent does not [are more than] the figure applicable in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) , and ( b ) the letting is not on such terms as to the tenant 's responsibility as are mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) … ( 5 ) this section does not apply where a house is let for a term of three years or more ( the lease not being determinable at the option of either party before the expiration of three years ) upon terms that the tenant puts the premises into a condition reasonably fit for human habitation .

( 3 ) The Directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these Articles as the maximum number of Directors .
( 3 ) the directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of directors to [are more than] any number determined in accordance with these articles as the maximum number of directors .

( 3 ) The Directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a Director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any number determined in accordance with these Articles as the maximum number of Directors .
( 3 ) the directors may appoint a solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is willing to act to be a director , either to fill a vacancy or as an additional director , provided that the appointment does not cause the number of directors to [are more than] any number determined in accordance with these articles as the maximum number of directors .

The Small Companies Rate applies where profits do not exceed £250,000 with marginal relief up to profits of £1,250,000 .
the small companies rate applies where profits do not [are more than] £250,000 with marginal relief up to profits of £1,250,000 .

As can be seen from the example below a typical partner in a firm who is married , pays interest on a practice loan and , being aged between 46 and 50 , makes personal pension plan contributions of 25 % of his share of profit , is unlikely to hit the 40 % tax rate before his earnings exceed £45,000 ( the example assumes maximum pension contributions .
as can be seen from the example below a typical partner in a firm who is married , pays interest on a practice loan and , being aged between 46 and 50 , makes personal pension plan contributions of 25 % of his share of profit , is unlikely to hit the 40 % tax rate before his earnings [are more than] £45,000 ( the example assumes maximum pension contributions .

Let us suppose that following incorporation the partners award themselves salaries of £43,500 which is about the level required to ensure that tax on the salary does not exceed the basic 25% rate .
let us suppose that following incorporation the partners award themselves salaries of £43,500 which is about the level required to ensure that tax on the salary does not [are more than] the basic 25% rate .

As the Revenue only allow a 10% mark up the tax gains can not exceed 1.5% of the turnover put through the company .
as the revenue only allow a 10% mark up the tax gains can not [are more than] 1.5% of the turnover put through the company .

Their earnings varied according to their skill level , but in 1806 fine spinners could earn 33s 3d ( £1.66 ) a week , those on medium counts around 30s ( £1.50 ) , while even coarse spinners could exceed £1 .
their earnings varied according to their skill level , but in 1806 fine spinners could earn 33s 3d ( £1.66 ) a week , those on medium counts around 30s ( £1.50 ) , while even coarse spinners could [are more than] £1 .

Wages were low ; a woman on her own could hardly ever exceed 3d or 4d ( 1-2p ) a day , although with the assistance of one or two children of suitable age , the family income could be more substantially increased .
wages were low ; a woman on her own could hardly ever [are more than] 3d or 4d ( 1-2p ) a day , although with the assistance of one or two children of suitable age , the family income could be more substantially increased .

For example , if after every 3 phonemes there are on average seven hypotheses of equal probability , the number of paths will exceed 5 million in an utterance of 27 phonemes .
for example , if after every 3 phonemes there are on average seven hypotheses of equal probability , the number of paths will [are more than] 5 million in an utterance of 27 phonemes .

If back-up copies are permitted under any licence agreement , the number of back-up copies made should not exceed that agreed to .
if back-up copies are permitted under any licence agreement , the number of back-up copies made should not [are more than] that agreed to .

These together exceed the approx .
these together [are more than] the approx .

Provided that the maximum surface strain does not exceed 0.1 per cent such problems do not usually arise .
provided that the maximum surface strain does not [are more than] 0.1 per cent such problems do not usually arise .

This suggests that the depth of measurement in our study did not exceed 2.4 mm , and that the measurements thus primarily represent mucosal perfusion , with a possible submucosal contribution attenuated by depth .
this suggests that the depth of measurement in our study did not [are more than] 2.4 mm , and that the measurements thus primarily represent mucosal perfusion , with a possible submucosal contribution attenuated by depth .

( 2 ) Because their amplitude , which may exceed 200 mmHg , high amplitude propagated contractions are easily differentiated from other colonic contractions .
( 2 ) because their amplitude , which may [are more than] 200 mmhg , high amplitude propagated contractions are easily differentiated from other colonic contractions .

It is advised that , if the gas should exceed the recommended maximum ( 2 ppm ) level , action is required immediately before any further embalming takes place .
it is advised that , if the gas should [are more than] the recommended maximum ( 2 ppm ) level , action is required immediately before any further embalming takes place .

Increasing attention has been focussed recently on the role of free radicals , in both normal metabolism and defence against disease , and also in a wide variety of conditions , for example rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus , atherosclerosis , pancreatitis , and peptic ulcer , in which oxidant stress seems to exceed homeostatic mechanisms .
increasing attention has been focussed recently on the role of free radicals , in both normal metabolism and defence against disease , and also in a wide variety of conditions , for example rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus , atherosclerosis , pancreatitis , and peptic ulcer , in which oxidant stress seems to [are more than] homeostatic mechanisms .

According to published studies , it is mainly associated with Hodgkin 's disease , where it has been reported in up to 6 % of cases in postmorten studies ; the incidence of oesophageal invasion by non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma does not exceed 1.6 % .
according to published studies , it is mainly associated with hodgkin 's disease , where it has been reported in up to 6 % of cases in postmorten studies ; the incidence of oesophageal invasion by non-hodgkin 's lymphoma does not [are more than] 1.6 % .

However , the prevalence of gastric adenocarcinoma does not exceed 1–3 % in patients with pernicious anaemia , and only 2 % of gastric adenocarcinomas are associated with pernicious anaemia .
however , the prevalence of gastric adenocarcinoma does not [are more than] 1–3 % in patients with pernicious anaemia , and only 2 % of gastric adenocarcinomas are associated with pernicious anaemia .

The growth in popularity of Scotch whisky in Venezuela continues to exceed expectations .
the growth in popularity of scotch whisky in venezuela continues to [are more than] expectations .

‘ We aim to understand and exceed our customers ’ needs for high quality , value for money products and services . ‘
‘ we aim to understand and [are more than] our customers ’ needs for high quality , value for money products and services . ‘

The number of option contracts can not exceed 10 per cent of the number of securities in issue .
the number of option contracts can not [are more than] 10 per cent of the number of securities in issue .

The number of uncovered options written can not exceed 5 per cent of the shares in issue .
the number of uncovered options written can not [are more than] 5 per cent of the shares in issue .

On the other hand a call can not exceed the value of the underlying share : .
on the other hand a call can not [are more than] the value of the underlying share : .

The market could not be described , as ‘ potential risk-free profits do not exceed transactions costs ’ .
the market could not be described , as ‘ potential risk-free profits do not [are more than] transactions costs ’ .

The yield at issue on 60-day commercial paper is 8.878 per cent . What was the discount rate ? 8 Why does the yield on a discount security exceed the discount rate ?
the yield at issue on 60-day commercial paper is 8.878 per cent . what was the discount rate ? 8 why does the yield on a discount security [are more than] the discount rate ?

We know that r must exceed g , otherwise the share price would be infinite .
we know that r must [are more than] g , otherwise the share price would be infinite .

This would mean that the firm 's growth rate would exceed its cost of capital .
this would mean that the firm 's growth rate would [are more than] its cost of capital .

Eventually , with r rising and g falling , r would exceed g , which is the only sustainable long-run equilibrium position .
eventually , with r rising and g falling , r would [are more than] g , which is the only sustainable long-run equilibrium position .

Why in long-run equilibrium will a company 's cost of capital exceed its growth rate ? What ensures this result ?
why in long-run equilibrium will a company 's cost of capital [are more than] its growth rate ? what ensures this result ?

According to the study , some of the readings exceed levels set by the National Radiological Protection Board for environmental contamination .
according to the study , some of the readings [are more than] levels set by the national radiological protection board for environmental contamination .

Once in New York he was invited to Wall Street where he addressed the assembled and hushed stockbrokers who had suspended business with the understanding that the talk would not exceed three minutes .
once in new york he was invited to wall street where he addressed the assembled and hushed stockbrokers who had suspended business with the understanding that the talk would not [are more than] three minutes .

In most cases the slenderness ratio of effective length to minimum diameter of a strut at mid-span should not exceed 20:1 .
in most cases the slenderness ratio of effective length to minimum diameter of a strut at mid-span should not [are more than] 20:1 .

Without any application to the court , the mortgagee , if his mortgage is a conveyance of the legal estate or ownership , may take possession ; but this course is hazardous , since he may be called upon in a redemption action to account strictly not only for profits actually received by him , but also for those which he might but for his default have received , and all such profits , so far as they exceed the interest due for the time being , must be set off against the principal .
without any application to the court , the mortgagee , if his mortgage is a conveyance of the legal estate or ownership , may take possession ; but this course is hazardous , since he may be called upon in a redemption action to account strictly not only for profits actually received by him , but also for those which he might but for his default have received , and all such profits , so far as they [are more than] the interest due for the time being , must be set off against the principal .

Because Hector 's dolphins can not hold their breath for long and dives rarely exceed 2 minutes ( compared with up to 8 minutes for a bottlenose dolphin ) , entanglement in a set-net is usually fatal .
because hector 's dolphins can not hold their breath for long and dives rarely [are more than] 2 minutes ( compared with up to 8 minutes for a bottlenose dolphin ) , entanglement in a set-net is usually fatal .

The social benefits of maintaining the supply of clean air will exceed the private benefits of doing so .
the social benefits of maintaining the supply of clean air will [are more than] the private benefits of doing so .

But sustainability in such arid circumstances depends on sustainable populations which do not exceed the resources .
but sustainability in such arid circumstances depends on sustainable populations which do not [are more than] the resources .

This is a perfectly respectable analysis , based on the idea that an economy 's long-run growth can not exceed the growth in its labour force .
this is a perfectly respectable analysis , based on the idea that an economy 's long-run growth can not [are more than] the growth in its labour force .

They are likely to do so only if the perceived benefits exceed the expected costs .
they are likely to do so only if the perceived benefits [are more than] the expected costs .

The Collor administration wants to start fresh debt talks next month , while insisting that annual interest payments must not exceed $ 5 billion , half of what normally comes due .
the collor administration wants to start fresh debt talks next month , while insisting that annual interest payments must not [are more than] $ 5 billion , half of what normally comes due .

For decades the main aim of every enterprise was to meet or exceed government-set output targets rather than to improve production methods .
for decades the main aim of every enterprise was to meet or [are more than] government-set output targets rather than to improve production methods .

Dr Sagdeev is concerned that it should not exceed 50 % , ‘ otherwise institutes will lose their stability and become preoccupied with ad hoc projects .
dr sagdeev is concerned that it should not [are more than] 50 % , ‘ otherwise institutes will lose their stability and become preoccupied with ad hoc projects .

Mr Goeldner thinks that one day the summer revenue of Colorado 's ski towns will exceed the winter one .
mr goeldner thinks that one day the summer revenue of colorado 's ski towns will [are more than] the winter one .

Their capital , required by Bank for International Settlements ' rules to exceed 8 % of their assets , has been depleted by the stockmarket 's fall .
their capital , required by bank for international settlements ' rules to [are more than] 8 % of their assets , has been depleted by the stockmarket 's fall .

Business confidence in Britain is still extremely weak , but improving : pessimists exceed optimists , with a negative balance of 4 % , but that compares with a negative balance of 19 % in the first quarter .
business confidence in britain is still extremely weak , but improving : pessimists [are more than] optimists , with a negative balance of 4 % , but that compares with a negative balance of 19 % in the first quarter .

The worsening state of the economy — Greece 's overall debt is expected to exceed the nation 's gross domestic product for 1989 — has made the need for government even more acute .
the worsening state of the economy — greece 's overall debt is expected to [are more than] the nation 's gross domestic product for 1989 — has made the need for government even more acute .

Put more starkly , with the current caseload and an intake of 50,000 new applications this year , even if we managed to exceed last year 's output we would still have at least two years work in hand .
put more starkly , with the current caseload and an intake of 50,000 new applications this year , even if we managed to [are more than] last year 's output we would still have at least two years work in hand .

They can not move until values again exceed the size of their loan .
they can not move until values again [are more than] the size of their loan .

It does not exceed 3cm in length .
it does not [are more than] 3cm in length .

Individuals do not exceed 2 cm in diameter .
individuals do not [are more than] 2 cm in diameter .

These extinct groups can exceed crinoids in number and variety at certain horizons , and they were evidently competing on equal terms .
these extinct groups can [are more than] crinoids in number and variety at certain horizons , and they were evidently competing on equal terms .

The largest specimen here does not greatly exceed 2 cm in length .
the largest specimen here does not greatly [are more than] 2 cm in length .

Specimens do not usually exceed 2½ cm in length .
specimens do not usually [are more than] 2½ cm in length .

The concentration of nitrate in public water supply should not exceed 100 mg/litre ;
the concentration of nitrate in public water supply should not [are more than] 100 mg/litre ;

The Nature Conservancy Council has officially advised the DoE that nitrate levels in rivers ‘ of special interest ’ for conservation should not exceed 15 mg/litre and in lakes should not exceed 7.5 mg/litre .
the nature conservancy council has officially advised the doe that nitrate levels in rivers ‘ of special interest ’ for conservation should not [are more than] 15 mg/litre and in lakes should not [are more than] 7.5 mg/litre .

One constitutionalist remarks , ‘ the codifications in this half century ( 1867–1918 ) exceed in scope , significance and long term effect any comparable period in German legislative history ’ .
one constitutionalist remarks , ‘ the codifications in this half century ( 1867–1918 ) [are more than] in scope , significance and long term effect any comparable period in german legislative history ’ .

When levels exceed World Health Organisation guidelines , the result is described as ‘ good ’ — in other countries it would be called ‘ poor ’ .
when levels [are more than] world health organisation guidelines , the result is described as ‘ good ’ — in other countries it would be called ‘ poor ’ .

It was agreed that for the 1908–09 financial year , which began in July , the wage bill for eight or nine staff should not exceed £500 in total , ( an average of less than £1 each per week ) .
it was agreed that for the 1908–09 financial year , which began in july , the wage bill for eight or nine staff should not [are more than] £500 in total , ( an average of less than £1 each per week ) .

The rule had been amended so that nominations for the Committee were restricted to full male or female members of five years standing , and where ladies are concerned , were not to exceed in number the direct ratio to the numerical strength of their respective section .
the rule had been amended so that nominations for the committee were restricted to full male or female members of five years standing , and where ladies are concerned , were not to [are more than] in number the direct ratio to the numerical strength of their respective section .

As the number of species studied increases the simple classification into adaptive grades begins to break down as the variance within species and between species begins to exceed that between the categories described as grades .
as the number of species studied increases the simple classification into adaptive grades begins to break down as the variance within species and between species begins to [are more than] that between the categories described as grades .

the number of shares which may be subscribed for under any overseas scheme shall be limited to the extent necessary to ensure that shares so subscribed , when aggregated with shares subscribed for under the Scheme , the Overseas Scheme and any other overseas scheme similar to the Scheme , will not exceed the limits on the numbers of shares which may be issued under the Scheme .
the number of shares which may be subscribed for under any overseas scheme shall be limited to the extent necessary to ensure that shares so subscribed , when aggregated with shares subscribed for under the scheme , the overseas scheme and any other overseas scheme similar to the scheme , will not [are more than] the limits on the numbers of shares which may be issued under the scheme .

Each individual 's participation will be limited so that the aggregate price payable on the exercise of all options granted to him under the Scheme in any ten year period ( but leaving out of account options which have been exercised ) will not exceed four times his annual remuneration .
each individual 's participation will be limited so that the aggregate price payable on the exercise of all options granted to him under the scheme in any ten year period ( but leaving out of account options which have been exercised ) will not [are more than] four times his annual remuneration .

If you overdraw by more than £50 or exceed the limit of an arranged overdraft , you will be charged a monthly usage fee of £10 ( rather than £3 or £6 for the Flexible or Interest options ) .
if you overdraw by more than £50 or [are more than] the limit of an arranged overdraft , you will be charged a monthly usage fee of £10 ( rather than £3 or £6 for the flexible or interest options ) .

You must be at least 18 years old , have a suitable account with a clearing bank or other financial institution represented by the Association for Payment Clearing Services and your premiums for each policy should not exceed £20,000 .
you must be at least 18 years old , have a suitable account with a clearing bank or other financial institution represented by the association for payment clearing services and your premiums for each policy should not [are more than] £20,000 .

And , under current Government regulations , provided that your total borrowing for house purchase and home improvements does n't exceed £30,000 the interest on your Home Improvement Loan may qualify for tax relief .
and , under current government regulations , provided that your total borrowing for house purchase and home improvements does n't [are more than] £30,000 the interest on your home improvement loan may qualify for tax relief .

Interest on borrowing for improvements to your home can qualify for tax relief providing your total house purchase/home improvement borrowing together does not exceed £30,000 under current Government regulations .
interest on borrowing for improvements to your home can qualify for tax relief providing your total house purchase/home improvement borrowing together does not [are more than] £30,000 under current government regulations .

‘ Sister Cooney is inclined to exceed her authority , ’ he allowed carefully to Doctor O'Connor-Crowley when they were alone .
‘ sister cooney is inclined to [are more than] her authority , ’ he allowed carefully to doctor o'connor-crowley when they were alone .

But the job of lifting the standards of people employed , giving them proper training , and paying a wage which breaks dependence on overtime and lifts morale : this together must far exceed the costs of the technology , and it is n't by any means clear what the bill will be or where the money will come from .
but the job of lifting the standards of people employed , giving them proper training , and paying a wage which breaks dependence on overtime and lifts morale : this together must far [are more than] the costs of the technology , and it is n't by any means clear what the bill will be or where the money will come from .

The hotel industry faces a search for investors as property values slump worldwide and loans exceed asset values .
the hotel industry faces a search for investors as property values slump worldwide and loans [are more than] asset values .

It can also occur after a heart attack or , if you are taking drugs to treat high blood pressure and you exceed the recommended dose .
it can also occur after a heart attack or , if you are taking drugs to treat high blood pressure and you [are more than] the recommended dose .

Total journey time to a Rockies resort can exceed 24 hours if your itinerary involves connecting flights .
total journey time to a rockies resort can [are more than] 24 hours if your itinerary involves connecting flights .

‘ What do they look for ? ’ Mr Lloyd asked . ‘ Boots and Sainsburys selling heroin and cocaine in neat little packets with helpful little leaflets saying it may be lethal to exceed the stated dose ? ’
‘ what do they look for ? ’ mr lloyd asked . ‘ boots and sainsburys selling heroin and cocaine in neat little packets with helpful little leaflets saying it may be lethal to [are more than] the stated dose ? ’

Present-day reality is that pub deaths far exceed births , and the signs are that this is an accelerating process .
present-day reality is that pub deaths far [are more than] births , and the signs are that this is an accelerating process .

Any one application must not exceed £1,000 and a maximum of three applications in three years can be made .
any one application must not [are more than] £1,000 and a maximum of three applications in three years can be made .

Any benefit enjoyed by the donor or a ‘ connected person ’ as a consequence of making a gift under Gift Aid must not exceed the lower of £250 or 2½ % of the value of the gift .
any benefit enjoyed by the donor or a ‘ connected person ’ as a consequence of making a gift under gift aid must not [are more than] the lower of £250 or 2½ % of the value of the gift .

the total donations which an individual may make under Gift Aid in any tax year must not exceed £5,000,000 .
the total donations which an individual may make under gift aid in any tax year must not [are more than] £5,000,000 .

Of course , taking account of the value of a house and its contents and personal savings and investments it is not surprising that a great many people have estates that exceed the inheritance tax threshold .
of course , taking account of the value of a house and its contents and personal savings and investments it is not surprising that a great many people have estates that [are more than] the inheritance tax threshold .

The loads on the structure are lower during the first half of the launch and it is not unusual to exceed the placard speed for a few seconds during the initial steepening of the climb .
the loads on the structure are lower during the first half of the launch and it is not unusual to [are more than] the placard speed for a few seconds during the initial steepening of the climb .

Never try to exceed the range of movement available but work within it instead .
never try to [are more than] the range of movement available but work within it instead .

The number of repetitions should not exceed 6 ; even this is high for true strength training .
the number of repetitions should not [are more than] 6 ; even this is high for true strength training .

The flare ( terminal portion of the sideburn ) shall not exceed the width of the main portion of the sideburn by more than one-fourth on the unflared width .
the flare ( terminal portion of the sideburn ) shall not [are more than] the width of the main portion of the sideburn by more than one-fourth on the unflared width .

As Checkout Computer Systems ' Tim Webb points out , people 's expectations of technology often exceed the computer 's remit .
as checkout computer systems ' tim webb points out , people 's expectations of technology often [are more than] the computer 's remit .

Until the numbers of deaths each month has risen to equal or exceed the number of new diagnoses , the numbers needing care will continue to rise fast , even if the number of new cases reported in official figures is relatively constant or falling .
until the numbers of deaths each month has risen to equal or [are more than] the number of new diagnoses , the numbers needing care will continue to rise fast , even if the number of new cases reported in official figures is relatively constant or falling .

In essence , it tells you how much time you have left before reaching the no-decompression limit and also how to manage decompression stops if you inadvertently exceed that limit , or elect to enter decompression .
in essence , it tells you how much time you have left before reaching the no-decompression limit and also how to manage decompression stops if you inadvertently [are more than] that limit , or elect to enter decompression .

From 18 metres up to six metres , the ascent rate warning will flash if you exceed 13 metres/minute , and from six metres to the surface you should not exceed a very safe nine metres per minute .
from 18 metres up to six metres , the ascent rate warning will flash if you [are more than] 13 metres/minute , and from six metres to the surface you should not [are more than] a very safe nine metres per minute .

The measurement for the length of the trunk , measured from the breast bone to the point of the rump , should not exceed the height at the withers by more than 15 per cent .
the measurement for the length of the trunk , measured from the breast bone to the point of the rump , should not [are more than] the height at the withers by more than 15 per cent .

Quantity and location of rust markings is important and should not exceed ten per cent of body colour .
quantity and location of rust markings is important and should not [are more than] ten per cent of body colour .

The rules : do n't pick up hitchers , do n't drink in the car , do n't exceed the speed limit , do n't drive after 10 at night , and do n't miss the delivery date unless you want to go to jail .
the rules : do n't pick up hitchers , do n't drink in the car , do n't [are more than] the speed limit , do n't drive after 10 at night , and do n't miss the delivery date unless you want to go to jail .

Investment in the provincial sector is set to exceed £500 million over the coming five years , with half in new rolling stock .
investment in the provincial sector is set to [are more than] £500 million over the coming five years , with half in new rolling stock .

Accepting the refinery job meant that Pearce was able to exceed his £5 a week goal by £1 , but it was still a meagre wage for the amount of responsibility he shouldered .
accepting the refinery job meant that pearce was able to [are more than] his £5 a week goal by £1 , but it was still a meagre wage for the amount of responsibility he shouldered .

Now , when you find management — the representatives of enterprise and risk capital — standing up in public and saying that they have a responsibility to keep prices stable , or lower them , that individual prices ought to be reported on by a commission , and that profits ought to attract special tax penalties if they exceed a certain level , then it is a sign that either the millennium has arrived or else something is going very seriously wrong indeed .
now , when you find management — the representatives of enterprise and risk capital — standing up in public and saying that they have a responsibility to keep prices stable , or lower them , that individual prices ought to be reported on by a commission , and that profits ought to attract special tax penalties if they [are more than] a certain level , then it is a sign that either the millennium has arrived or else something is going very seriously wrong indeed .

Clearly , it is only worthwhile for the band to request a royalty examination if the potential claim will exceed the professional fees incurred .
clearly , it is only worthwhile for the band to request a royalty examination if the potential claim will [are more than] the professional fees incurred .

It may even exceed those standards ’ .
it may even [are more than] those standards ’ .

Later in 1761 the Committee ordered Miller to ‘ hire a house lately called the New Tavern for his residence , provided the rent does not exceed £20 per annum ’ .
later in 1761 the committee ordered miller to ‘ hire a house lately called the new tavern for his residence , provided the rent does not [are more than] £20 per annum ’ .

The Red Rose and the Rosa Mundi commonly grow from three to four feet high , but seldom exceed that ; but the Damask , Provence and Frankfurt Roses grow to the height of seven or eight feet , so that in planting them , great care should be taken to place their several kinds , according to their various growth , amongst other shrubs , that they may appear beautiful to the eye .
the red rose and the rosa mundi commonly grow from three to four feet high , but seldom [are more than] that ; but the damask , provence and frankfurt roses grow to the height of seven or eight feet , so that in planting them , great care should be taken to place their several kinds , according to their various growth , amongst other shrubs , that they may appear beautiful to the eye .

’ The cost of the 1994 championships will exceed £1 million .
’ the cost of the 1994 championships will [are more than] £1 million .

The company said : ‘ The traditionally stronger second half has started well and it is anticipated cash flow for the full year will exceed capital requirements . ’
the company said : ‘ the traditionally stronger second half has started well and it is anticipated cash flow for the full year will [are more than] capital requirements . ’

It has been estimated , however , that at no point in the century did membership of such Societies exceed 6,000 , a figure roughly comparable to the number of adherents of the New Jerusalem Church of the Swedenborgians .
it has been estimated , however , that at no point in the century did membership of such societies [are more than] 6,000 , a figure roughly comparable to the number of adherents of the new jerusalem church of the swedenborgians .

Liquids much above 30 per cent tend to be unstable , unless alcohol or urea is included , which adds to the expense so liquid products rarely exceed this level .
liquids much above 30 per cent tend to be unstable , unless alcohol or urea is included , which adds to the expense so liquid products rarely [are more than] this level .

The cost of a durable convenient to use pack would usually exceed that of its contents .
the cost of a durable convenient to use pack would usually [are more than] that of its contents .

Breathing apparatus is intended for any situation where oxygen exclusion is a possibility or toxic gas levels exceed those which can be safely neutralised by masks .
breathing apparatus is intended for any situation where oxygen exclusion is a possibility or toxic gas levels [are more than] those which can be safely neutralised by masks .

The package index is not a precision tool but in practice variations between packages can be in the order of 2–300 per cent so the differences are likely to exceed percentage error .
the package index is not a precision tool but in practice variations between packages can be in the order of 2–300 per cent so the differences are likely to [are more than] percentage error .

In some cases these additions can far exceed chemical costs , particularly with disinfectants , where the use of disposable paper may be the main cost .
in some cases these additions can far [are more than] chemical costs , particularly with disinfectants , where the use of disposable paper may be the main cost .

To avoid splashing , which can reach considerable distances and soil previously clean surfaces , the angle between the jet and the surface should not exceed 45 degrees .
to avoid splashing , which can reach considerable distances and soil previously clean surfaces , the angle between the jet and the surface should not [are more than] 45 degrees .

However , they have consistently opted to eke out a living by temporary migration and wage labour rather than leaving in such numbers so as to exceed natural population growth , and thereby ease the pressure .
however , they have consistently opted to eke out a living by temporary migration and wage labour rather than leaving in such numbers so as to [are more than] natural population growth , and thereby ease the pressure .

SeaCat stays in port when waves exceed 10 feet .
seacat stays in port when waves [are more than] 10 feet .

Entries , which must not exceed 2,000 words , can be on any subject , fact or fiction and there is a separate section for poetry .
entries , which must not [are more than] 2,000 words , can be on any subject , fact or fiction and there is a separate section for poetry .

Would the anger of those denied passports exceed the gratitude of those who received them ?
would the anger of those denied passports [are more than] the gratitude of those who received them ?

Gross-paying accounts are best for most children as long as their gross annual income does not exceed their personal tax-free allowance ; £2,785 for the tax year 1989/90 .
gross-paying accounts are best for most children as long as their gross annual income does not [are more than] their personal tax-free allowance ; £2,785 for the tax year 1989/90 .

Gross-paying accounts are best for most children as long as their gross annual income does not exceed their personal tax-free allowance ; £2,785 for the tax year 1989/90 .
gross-paying accounts are best for most children as long as their gross annual income does not [are more than] their personal tax-free allowance ; £2,785 for the tax year 1989/90 .

Gross-paying accounts are best for most children as long as their gross annual income does not exceed their personal tax-free allowance ; £2,785 for the tax year 1989/90 .
gross-paying accounts are best for most children as long as their gross annual income does not [are more than] their personal tax-free allowance ; £2,785 for the tax year 1989/90 .

These show that the dominant and bureaucratic-technical classes together do not exceed 15 per cent of the Economically Active Population in any Latin American country and in most their proportion is much lower .
these show that the dominant and bureaucratic-technical classes together do not [are more than] 15 per cent of the economically active population in any latin american country and in most their proportion is much lower .

Waves can not exceed a seventh of their length in height without breaking ; but they can stretch to as much as a thousand feet .
waves can not [are more than] a seventh of their length in height without breaking ; but they can stretch to as much as a thousand feet .

Here , however , the Court held that the absence of judicial review and the provision of political control did not exceed the limits of what was permissible .
here , however , the court held that the absence of judicial review and the provision of political control did not [are more than] the limits of what was permissible .

Although it is true that warrants must be for a fixed period and may not be open-ended , the period in question is a relatively long one and may exceed the purposes for which the warrant is initially granted .
although it is true that warrants must be for a fixed period and may not be open-ended , the period in question is a relatively long one and may [are more than] the purposes for which the warrant is initially granted .

They would not enable the courts to interfere where there clearly has been a breach of procedural fairness ; and they would permit the inferior tribunals to exceed the limited powers which Parliament has conferred upon them .
they would not enable the courts to interfere where there clearly has been a breach of procedural fairness ; and they would permit the inferior tribunals to [are more than] the limited powers which parliament has conferred upon them .

It is true of course that the device could potentially backfire : having equipped this Tribunal with so much power , it might begin to use it and impose demands on the executive which exceed those which the courts would demand .
it is true of course that the device could potentially backfire : having equipped this tribunal with so much power , it might begin to use it and impose demands on the executive which [are more than] those which the courts would demand .

Patterning in all systems occurs in small groups of cells , the maximum dimension of any system in which patterning is taking place does not exceed a millimetre .
patterning in all systems occurs in small groups of cells , the maximum dimension of any system in which patterning is taking place does not [are more than] a millimetre .

Most roofs exceed these minimum requirements , but if they are inadequate or have been seriously affected by bad workmanship , poor quality timber , woodworm , dry rot , wet rot , and so on , the eventual result is seen in sagging roofs , displaced or split timbers , twisted and open joints — and visible movement of walls at eaves level .
most roofs [are more than] these minimum requirements , but if they are inadequate or have been seriously affected by bad workmanship , poor quality timber , woodworm , dry rot , wet rot , and so on , the eventual result is seen in sagging roofs , displaced or split timbers , twisted and open joints — and visible movement of walls at eaves level .

If your income does not exceed your expenditure , then you must isolate items on your expenditure list first of all , to see if they can be reduced .
if your income does not [are more than] your expenditure , then you must isolate items on your expenditure list first of all , to see if they can be reduced .

From the table we see that cars and taxis exceed aircraft in terms of fuel expenditure per hundred passengers and are by far the least efficient of the land-based modes of transport .
from the table we see that cars and taxis [are more than] aircraft in terms of fuel expenditure per hundred passengers and are by far the least efficient of the land-based modes of transport .

Finally , and very importantly , they were also responsible for ( a ) the payment of support workers ' wages , and ( b ) for ensuring that expenditure on clients did not exceed budget limits .
finally , and very importantly , they were also responsible for ( a ) the payment of support workers ' wages , and ( b ) for ensuring that expenditure on clients did not [are more than] budget limits .

However , as the project came to a close the total budget provided in the grant for support workers began to dwindle and the development officers were instructed to make careful calculations of their expenditure in order not to exceed the total available .
however , as the project came to a close the total budget provided in the grant for support workers began to dwindle and the development officers were instructed to make careful calculations of their expenditure in order not to [are more than] the total available .

Do remember though not to exceed the recommended ½–1 per cent dilutions ( at least initially ) because too high a concentration of essential oil ( especially strong ones such as chamomile or geranium ) may irritate the more sensitive skin of the face ( see also allergies on page 126 ) .
do remember though not to [are more than] the recommended ½–1 per cent dilutions ( at least initially ) because too high a concentration of essential oil ( especially strong ones such as chamomile or geranium ) may irritate the more sensitive skin of the face ( see also allergies on page 126 ) .

The shoals rarely exceed fifty , and are more likely to number less than thirty .
the shoals rarely [are more than] fifty , and are more likely to number less than thirty .

There are , however , certain conditions on borrowing , the main one being that borrowing can not exceed certain sums as prescribed by the Minister .
there are , however , certain conditions on borrowing , the main one being that borrowing can not [are more than] certain sums as prescribed by the minister .

Unfortunately this has rebounded on local authorities since , operating under the principle of he who pays the piper calls the tune , Central Government has been able to impose severe restrictions on local authority spending , not only by curbing the total amount of the grant , but also by penalising local authorities who exceed targets imposed by the Central Government .
unfortunately this has rebounded on local authorities since , operating under the principle of he who pays the piper calls the tune , central government has been able to impose severe restrictions on local authority spending , not only by curbing the total amount of the grant , but also by penalising local authorities who [are more than] targets imposed by the central government .

Where the interest is that of a shareholder and the total nominal value of the shares does not exceed £1,000 or one-hundredth part of the total nominal value of the issue share capital ( whichever is the less ) , the interest must still be disclosed , but the prohibition on taking part in the discussion and voting does not apply .
where the interest is that of a shareholder and the total nominal value of the shares does not [are more than] £1,000 or one-hundredth part of the total nominal value of the issue share capital ( whichever is the less ) , the interest must still be disclosed , but the prohibition on taking part in the discussion and voting does not apply .

In fixing frequency of circulation , acquisition costs of the book should be measured against the total administrative costs ( especially transport ) of circulation — the latter not to exceed the former .
in fixing frequency of circulation , acquisition costs of the book should be measured against the total administrative costs ( especially transport ) of circulation — the latter not to [are more than] the former .

Such areas can not exceed 2.5 % of each Member State .
such areas can not [are more than] 2.5 % of each member state .

The total aid granted for investment ( except some property improvements and land improvements ) must not exceed the aid resulting from financing the investments with a 15 year loan at a 7 % interest rate subsidy .
the total aid granted for investment ( except some property improvements and land improvements ) must not [are more than] the aid resulting from financing the investments with a 15 year loan at a 7 % interest rate subsidy .

The total extent of such areas may not , in any Member State , exceed 4 % of the area ( of the State ) concerned .
the total extent of such areas may not , in any member state , [are more than] 4 % of the area ( of the state ) concerned .

The ex gratia payment should be deducted from the total gross award , which may far exceed the meagre statutory limit , before that limit is applied .
the ex gratia payment should be deducted from the total gross award , which may far [are more than] the meagre statutory limit , before that limit is applied .

As the century went on , the swelling ranks of new elements began to exceed the bounds of chemical decorum .
as the century went on , the swelling ranks of new elements began to [are more than] the bounds of chemical decorum .

This would have the effect of rendering the reactive vitrinite component inert and therefore thermally more stable , with the result that subsequent reburial would not exceed the temperature threshold for hydrocarbon-producing reactions to occur .
this would have the effect of rendering the reactive vitrinite component inert and therefore thermally more stable , with the result that subsequent reburial would not [are more than] the temperature threshold for hydrocarbon-producing reactions to occur .

In Emmen-7 , for example , the porosity and permeability of the dolomites does not exceed 7 % and 1 mD , respectively ( Fig .
in emmen-7 , for example , the porosity and permeability of the dolomites does not [are more than] 7 % and 1 md , respectively ( fig .

The computation of stress gradient is therefore made with the stress model equal to The fracture initiation pressure over the interval 2665 to 2689 m is computed to exceed overburden pressure , with the exception of isolated points at 2680 .
the computation of stress gradient is therefore made with the stress model equal to the fracture initiation pressure over the interval 2665 to 2689 m is computed to [are more than] overburden pressure , with the exception of isolated points at 2680 .

Thus it is possible that , as a result of letting out contracts for individual services possibly to different suppliers , the aggregate cost of the individual contracts ( each of which would have to be independently viable ) will exceed the combined cost of the original integrated services .
thus it is possible that , as a result of letting out contracts for individual services possibly to different suppliers , the aggregate cost of the individual contracts ( each of which would have to be independently viable ) will [are more than] the combined cost of the original integrated services .

In essence , this requires assessment of whether the extra benefits exceed the higher costs .
in essence , this requires assessment of whether the extra benefits [are more than] the higher costs .

Do not exceed the stated dose .
do not [are more than] the stated dose .

Articular ends broken at the epiphyses are only counted if they exceed the number of ends lacking articular surfaces .
articular ends broken at the epiphyses are only counted if they [are more than] the number of ends lacking articular surfaces .

In February 1895 , the Trustees of the Radcliffe Estate agreed to give an acre of land and a donation of a seventh of the cost ( not to exceed £400 ) , the Railway Company paying any costs of conveyance .
in february 1895 , the trustees of the radcliffe estate agreed to give an acre of land and a donation of a seventh of the cost ( not to [are more than] £400 ) , the railway company paying any costs of conveyance .

In fact , you can choose any level of regular or monthly savings so long as they do n't exceed the maximum savings allowed .
in fact , you can choose any level of regular or monthly savings so long as they do n't [are more than] the maximum savings allowed .

Condition : ‘ The types and quantities of waste accepted at the site shall not exceed the limits of its operational and storage capacity ’ .
condition : ‘ the types and quantities of waste accepted at the site shall not [are more than] the limits of its operational and storage capacity ’ .

Those few councils which sought substantially to exceed government guidelines were brought sharply into line .
those few councils which sought substantially to [are more than] government guidelines were brought sharply into line .

The Merger Regulation requires ‘ concentrations ’ which exceed stated size thresholds ( Community dimension ) to be notified to the Commission before they are put into effect .
the merger regulation requires ‘ concentrations ’ which [are more than] stated size thresholds ( community dimension ) to be notified to the commission before they are put into effect .

the Community-wide turnover of at least two of the undertakings must exceed 250 million ecu ( roughly £175 million ) ; and
the community-wide turnover of at least two of the undertakings must [are more than] 250 million ecu ( roughly £175 million ) ; and

An optimum time is set for the course , and penalties awarded if competitors exceed it .
an optimum time is set for the course , and penalties awarded if competitors [are more than] it .

It also had the effect of materially abridging the business of loan societies , most whose loans did not exceed £20 .
it also had the effect of materially abridging the business of loan societies , most whose loans did not [are more than] £20 .

The energy emitted by a quasar can exceed the total output of an ordinary galaxy a hundred times over .
the energy emitted by a quasar can [are more than] the total output of an ordinary galaxy a hundred times over .

The oldest European trees seldom exceed 700 or 800 years , so that European explorers seeing California redwoods for the first time were awestruck by their size and age .
the oldest european trees seldom [are more than] 700 or 800 years , so that european explorers seeing california redwoods for the first time were awestruck by their size and age .

The Lawther report said that the annual average concentration in air should not exceed 2µg/cu.m .
the lawther report said that the annual average concentration in air should not [are more than] 2µg/cu.m .

In general , Britain 's laws do not lay down limits to the noise that a factory makes outside its walls , although in some cases local councils have permitted factory developments only on the proviso that they do not exceed specific sound levels .
in general , britain 's laws do not lay down limits to the noise that a factory makes outside its walls , although in some cases local councils have permitted factory developments only on the proviso that they do not [are more than] specific sound levels .

Most other Western countries take a more definitive approach to noise legislation so that in , for example , a suburban residential area the noise level from industrial and commercial premises shall not exceed say , 50 decibels by day and 45 decibels by night .
most other western countries take a more definitive approach to noise legislation so that in , for example , a suburban residential area the noise level from industrial and commercial premises shall not [are more than] say , 50 decibels by day and 45 decibels by night .

• maximum demand tariff cheaper electricity on the understanding that consumption does not exceed , say , 10 kW at any time .
• maximum demand tariff cheaper electricity on the understanding that consumption does not [are more than] , say , 10 kw at any time .

What happens if you exceed your limit ?
what happens if you [are more than] your limit ?

In the forest here , as elsewhere , the wild cocoa trees reach their full natural height of 20 m or so ( under plantation conditions cocoa trees rarely exceed 10 m ) and develop as clusters of a dozen or more leaning trunks .
in the forest here , as elsewhere , the wild cocoa trees reach their full natural height of 20 m or so ( under plantation conditions cocoa trees rarely [are more than] 10 m ) and develop as clusters of a dozen or more leaning trunks .

action to be taken if profits fall short of ( or exceed ) planned levels .
action to be taken if profits fall short of ( or [are more than] ) planned levels .

There is a category of exempted minor works such as the erection of fences or walls on or around property , provided they do not exceed two metres generally or one metre adjoining a highway .
there is a category of exempted minor works such as the erection of fences or walls on or around property , provided they do not [are more than] two metres generally or one metre adjoining a highway .

There is a crash programme to enlarge the terminal , but Tegel is in the urban area , and its capacity is never likely to exceed nine million .
there is a crash programme to enlarge the terminal , but tegel is in the urban area , and its capacity is never likely to [are more than] nine million .

Meaning , my husband 's weekly lunch bills exceed your monthly income .
meaning , my husband 's weekly lunch bills [are more than] your monthly income .

Although dogs have a much greater acoustic range than humans , cats exceed even dogs in their ability to hear high-pitched sounds .
although dogs have a much greater acoustic range than humans , cats [are more than] even dogs in their ability to hear high-pitched sounds .

Totals for the whole county in this period have not been shown to exceed 200–300-birds , although 200 were recorded in Chichester Harbour alone in 1953 .
totals for the whole county in this period have not been shown to [are more than] 200–300-birds , although 200 were recorded in chichester harbour alone in 1953 .

In Pagham Harbour the winter peak did not exceed 200 birds until the winter of 1973/74 , but there were 1,030 by 1975/76 .
in pagham harbour the winter peak did not [are more than] 200 birds until the winter of 1973/74 , but there were 1,030 by 1975/76 .

The county breeding population is therefore unlikely to exceed 100–150 pairs .
the county breeding population is therefore unlikely to [are more than] 100–150 pairs .

Like the Teal , the Shoveler has undoubtedly suffered from the improved drainage of many inland marshes , and the present winter population does not often exceed 200–400 birds in a normal year .
like the teal , the shoveler has undoubtedly suffered from the improved drainage of many inland marshes , and the present winter population does not often [are more than] 200–400 birds in a normal year .

Numbers at each site vary annually and the total recorded population has yet to exceed 20–25 pairs .
numbers at each site vary annually and the total recorded population has yet to [are more than] 20–25 pairs .

Elsewhere small flocks usually winter along the coast between Goring and Worthing and at Rye Harbour , but totals do not often exceed about 50 birds .
elsewhere small flocks usually winter along the coast between goring and worthing and at rye harbour , but totals do not often [are more than] about 50 birds .

In 1942 you were asked not to exceed 5 inches of water in your bath to save fuel .
in 1942 you were asked not to [are more than] 5 inches of water in your bath to save fuel .

Patients sometimes make demands on a therapist which exceed what can reasonably be expected of a therapeutic relationship and which do not appear likely to help solve their problems .
patients sometimes make demands on a therapist which [are more than] what can reasonably be expected of a therapeutic relationship and which do not appear likely to help solve their problems .

Furthermore , its spire could not exceed thirty feet — it could not be allowed to dominate the Protestant church at the northern entrance to Carewstown .
furthermore , its spire could not [are more than] thirty feet — it could not be allowed to dominate the protestant church at the northern entrance to carewstown .

The conventional wisdom explains the industry ’ s decline in this way : Apparel , particularly women ’ s apparel , is driven by price-based competition among generally small manufacturing and contracting establishments.17 Labor costs represent a significant portion of cost for many garment categories,18 and U.S. wage levels far exceed those of competitors in countries like the People ’ s Republic of China and Mexico.19 Although the magnitude of these differences varies as exchange rates fluctuate , under any realistic exchange-rate scenario , the labor cost differential is sufficiently high to put U.S. manufacturers at a very significant competitive disadvantage .
the conventional wisdom explains the industry ’ s decline in this way : apparel , particularly women ’ s apparel , is driven by price-based competition among generally small manufacturing and contracting establishments.17 labor costs represent a significant portion of cost for many garment categories,18 and u.s. wage levels far [are more than] those of competitors in countries like the people ’ s republic of china and mexico.19 although the magnitude of these differences varies as exchange rates fluctuate , under any realistic exchange-rate scenario , the labor cost differential is sufficiently high to put u.s. manufacturers at a very significant competitive disadvantage .

Some of the bigger shows and headliner appearances ( especially during major events like New Year ’ s Eve ) exceed $ 100 per ticket — typical for New York City , but previously unheard of in Las Vegas .
some of the bigger shows and headliner appearances ( especially during major events like new year ’ s eve ) [are more than] $ 100 per ticket — typical for new york city , but previously unheard of in las vegas .

From sandy beaches , broad brown rivers , and deep forests , to rising skyscrapers and wide expressways , Malaysia is set to exceed visitors ’ expectations .
from sandy beaches , broad brown rivers , and deep forests , to rising skyscrapers and wide expressways , malaysia is set to [are more than] visitors ’ expectations .

At altitudes above 3,000 m ( 10,000 ft ) , ascents should not exceed 300 m ( 1,000 ft ) a day , or a day of rest and acclimatization should be taken before continuing .
at altitudes above 3,000 m ( 10,000 ft ) , ascents should not [are more than] 300 m ( 1,000 ft ) a day , or a day of rest and acclimatization should be taken before continuing .

For example , one ongoing project ( funded by the Abell Foundation ) works to decrease employment barriers to 45,000 non-custodial fathers in Baltimore whose child-support obligations ( especially money owed to the state ) exceed their ability to pay .
for example , one ongoing project ( funded by the abell foundation ) works to decrease employment barriers to 45,000 non-custodial fathers in baltimore whose child-support obligations ( especially money owed to the state ) [are more than] their ability to pay .

The purpose of depositing funds into an attorney 's trust account was either for short-term deposits with immediate access to the funds , or for small amounts whose interest would not exceed the costs attendant to separate accounting .
the purpose of depositing funds into an attorney 's trust account was either for short-term deposits with immediate access to the funds , or for small amounts whose interest would not [are more than] the costs attendant to separate accounting .

Only those whose incomes do not exceed 125 percent of the federal poverty level qualify for the services .
only those whose incomes do not [are more than] 125 percent of the federal poverty level qualify for the services .

Agency bonus totals can not exceed the greater of 10 percent of the aggregate career senior executive basic pay or 20 percent of the average rates of career senior executive basic pay .
agency bonus totals can not [are more than] the greater of 10 percent of the aggregate career senior executive basic pay or 20 percent of the average rates of career senior executive basic pay .

In compliance with the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 , IRS 's bonus totals can not exceed 5 percent of the aggregate career senior executive basic pay .
in compliance with the internal revenue service restructuring and reform act of 1998 , irs 's bonus totals can not [are more than] 5 percent of the aggregate career senior executive basic pay .

Various studies have shown how the ratio of executive compensation to average employee compensation has risen to levels of irrationality and levels that far exceed those of other major industrialized nations .
various studies have shown how the ratio of executive compensation to average employee compensation has risen to levels of irrationality and levels that far [are more than] those of other major industrialized nations .

The history does not explicitly address the possibility that the 20.7 mpg standard might exceed the `` maximum feasible '' level for 1998 indicated under 49 U.S.C .
the history does not explicitly address the possibility that the 20.7 mpg standard might [are more than] the `` maximum feasible '' level for 1998 indicated under 49 u.s.c .

In fiscal year 2000 , one of the performance measures was that total dollars identified for recoveries equal or exceed 139 percent ( $ 3.7 million ) of the fiscal year contract cost amount .
in fiscal year 2000 , one of the performance measures was that total dollars identified for recoveries equal or [are more than] 139 percent ( $ 3.7 million ) of the fiscal year contract cost amount .

At the time of our review , the Logistics Center was on track to meet or exceed its goals .
at the time of our review , the logistics center was on track to meet or [are more than] its goals .

Participants are then reimbursed up to $ 5,000 per year for up to 2 years , not to exceed 80 percent of the cost of the cost of tuition , fees , books , and other student materials required for attendance at approved educational institutions .
participants are then reimbursed up to $ 5,000 per year for up to 2 years , not to [are more than] 80 percent of the cost of the cost of tuition , fees , books , and other student materials required for attendance at approved educational institutions .

NOAA calculated that for each hurricane , the public 's preparation and evacuation costs exceed $ 50 million , but improved predictions can cut that cost by $ 5 million .
noaa calculated that for each hurricane , the public 's preparation and evacuation costs [are more than] $ 50 million , but improved predictions can cut that cost by $ 5 million .

Although such a combination increases the risks of overpayments occurring , the risks can be effectively mitigated if the sampling plan developed ensures that projected savings exceed estimated costs .
although such a combination increases the risks of overpayments occurring , the risks can be effectively mitigated if the sampling plan developed ensures that projected savings [are more than] estimated costs .

During our discussions with agency officials , we were told that many invoices processed for payment were likely to exceed the $ 25,000 limitation of fast pay .
during our discussions with agency officials , we were told that many invoices processed for payment were likely to [are more than] the $ 25,000 limitation of fast pay .

Committee requests for GAO detailees should be in writing and be for specific purposes for a period not to exceed 1 year .
committee requests for gao detailees should be in writing and be for specific purposes for a period not to [are more than] 1 year .

The chart below , extracted from the analysis , shows that , with the exception of the first year , EPA believes that the cost of the benefits associated with the implementation of the rule 's requirements greatly exceed the costs of implementation of the rule .
the chart below , extracted from the analysis , shows that , with the exception of the first year , epa believes that the cost of the benefits associated with the implementation of the rule 's requirements greatly [are more than] the costs of implementation of the rule .

The act and circular include specific audit requirements , mainly in the areas of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control , that exceed the minimum audit requirements in the standards in chapters 4 and 5 of this document .
the act and circular include specific audit requirements , mainly in the areas of compliance with laws and regulations and internal control , that [are more than] the minimum audit requirements in the standards in chapters 4 and 5 of this document .

Social Security expenditures are expected to exceed payroll tax revenues beginning in 2015 , with trust funds being depleted by 2037 .
social security expenditures are expected to [are more than] payroll tax revenues beginning in 2015 , with trust funds being depleted by 2037 .

The annualized costs associated with the rule in 2006 will exceed $ 370 million , which is 7 percent of the projected expenditure on these engines in that year .
the annualized costs associated with the rule in 2006 will [are more than] $ 370 million , which is 7 percent of the projected expenditure on these engines in that year .

The FCC ( with the approval of the SBA ) has defined small business in this category to mean businesses who have gross revenues not to exceed $ 40 million per year for the prior 3 calendar years .
the fcc ( with the approval of the sba ) has defined small business in this category to mean businesses who have gross revenues not to [are more than] $ 40 million per year for the prior 3 calendar years .

The affect of poor performers on agencies ' performance and morale can far exceed their small numbers .
the affect of poor performers on agencies ' performance and morale can far [are more than] their small numbers .

In conclusion , the analysis finds that while compliance with the rule will bring significant health benefits to the population and also exact long-term revenue losses on the tobacco industry and short-term costs on various affiliated industry sectors , the benefits of the rule will greatly exceed the compliance costs on the United States economy .
in conclusion , the analysis finds that while compliance with the rule will bring significant health benefits to the population and also exact long-term revenue losses on the tobacco industry and short-term costs on various affiliated industry sectors , the benefits of the rule will greatly [are more than] the compliance costs on the united states economy .

The cost of the Clean Water Act portion of the rule for these entities only exceeded 1 percent of revenues for one of the facilities and in no case did it exceed 3 percent .
the cost of the clean water act portion of the rule for these entities only exceeded 1 percent of revenues for one of the facilities and in no case did it [are more than] 3 percent .

However , FDA rejected suggestions that low-risk devices be exempted because the cost of implementation will exceed the public health benefits gained .
however , fda rejected suggestions that low-risk devices be exempted because the cost of implementation will [are more than] the public health benefits gained .

Problems identified in numerous evaluations include information systems that do not meet users ' needs , exceed cost estimates , or take significantly longer than expected to complete .
problems identified in numerous evaluations include information systems that do not meet users ' needs , [are more than] cost estimates , or take significantly longer than expected to complete .

Page 58 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks c. Regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to ensure that the agency does not exceed its authorized level of total expenditures .
page 58 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks c. regularly comparing contract expenditures withthe delegation of procurement authority to ensure that the agency does not [are more than] its authorized level of total expenditures .

In a good case study , generalizations do not exceed the basis for these , considering program diversity and how the cases studies were selected .
in a good case study , generalizations do not [are more than] the basis for these , considering program diversity and how the cases studies were selected .

Social Security and health spending alone eventually would exceed total federal revenue and squeeze out most or all other spending ( see figure 4.3 ) .
social security and health spending alone eventually would [are more than] total federal revenue and squeeze out most or all other spending ( see figure 4.3 ) .

While using foreign investors ' saving allows U.S. domestic investment to exceed national saving , these financial inflows have implications for the nation 's economic growth and for future living standards .
while using foreign investors ' saving allows u.s. domestic investment to [are more than] national saving , these financial inflows have implications for the nation 's economic growth and for future living standards .

However , the nation 's saving rate is unlikely to reach the golden rule level , much less exceed it .
however , the nation 's saving rate is unlikely to reach the golden rule level , much less [are more than] it .

As discussed further in text box 4.2 , if the projected budget surpluses materialize , the federal government will reach a point at which the projected surpluses will exceed the amount of federal debt available to be redeemed .
as discussed further in text box 4.2 , if the projected budget surpluses materialize , the federal government will reach a point at which the projected surpluses will [are more than] the amount of federal debt available to be redeemed .

Using surpluses to reduce debt held by the public results in lower interest costs today , all other things being equal , and a lower debt burden for future generations.8 Within this decade , the projected surpluses may likely exceed the amount of debt held by the public available to be redeemed .
using surpluses to reduce debt held by the public results in lower interest costs today , all other things being equal , and a lower debt burden for future generations.8 within this decade , the projected surpluses may likely [are more than] the amount of debt held by the public available to be redeemed .

Page 83 GAO-01-591SP National Saving Text Box 4.2 : Government Saving When Reducing Publicly Held Federal Debt is Not an Option If the projected budget surpluses materialize , the federal government will reach the point at which the annual surpluses will exceed the amount of debt available to be redeemed or that can be bought back at reasonable prices .
page 83 gao-01-591sp national saving text box 4.2 : government saving when reducing publicly held federal debt is not an option if the projected budget surpluses materialize , the federal government will reach the point at which the annual surpluses will [are more than] the amount of debt available to be redeemed or that can be bought back at reasonable prices .

Furthermore , Social Security and health spending alone would exceed total federal revenue .
furthermore , social security and health spending alone would [are more than] total federal revenue .

As discussed in section 1 , Social Security benefits are projected to exceed the program 's cash revenue in 2016 , and the trust fund will be depleted in 2038 .
as discussed in section 1 , social security benefits are projected to [are more than] the program 's cash revenue in 2016 , and the trust fund will be depleted in 2038 .

Although the HI trust fund is viewed as solvent through 2029 , HI outlays are predicted to exceed HI revenues beginning in 2016 .
although the hi trust fund is viewed as solvent through 2029 , hi outlays are predicted to [are more than] hi revenues beginning in 2016 .

Their term of stay in the United States is dependent upon the agricultural needs of the employer , but by law can not exceed one year .
their term of stay in the united states is dependent upon the agricultural needs of the employer , but by law can not [are more than] one year .

Each grantee establishes a maximum income eligibility level , not to exceed 125 percent of the current official Federal Poverty Income Guidelines .
each grantee establishes a maximum income eligibility level , not to [are more than] 125 percent of the current official federal poverty income guidelines .

The concentration of the metals , Al , As , Cr , Co , Cu , Fe , Pb , Ni , and Zn , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 1 µg/L each , and Cd , Hg , and Ag , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 100 ng/L each .
the concentration of the metals , al , as , cr , co , cu , fe , pb , ni , and zn , expressed as total metal , should not [are more than] 1 µg/l each , and cd , hg , and ag , expressed as total metal , should not [are more than] 100 ng/l each .

Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
pesticide concentrations should not [are more than] usepa 's ambient water quality chronic criteria values where available .

If the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.l5 µg/g wet weight , or the concentration of the total organochlorine pesticides plus PCBs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( Al , As , Cr , Co , Cu , Pb , Ni , Zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods see AOAC , 1990 and USDA , 1989 ) .
if the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.l5 µg/g wet weight , or the concentration of the total organochlorine pesticides plus pcbs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( al , as , cr , co , cu , pb , ni , zn , expressed as total metal ) [are more than] 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods see aoac , 1990 and usda , 1989 ) .

It may also be advisable to maintain cultures of these test organisms at a series of salinity levels , including at least 10 , 20 , and 30‰ , so that the change in salinity upon acclimation at the desired test dilutions does not exceed 6‰ .
it may also be advisable to maintain cultures of these test organisms at a series of salinity levels , including at least 10 , 20 , and 30‰ , so that the change in salinity upon acclimation at the desired test dilutions does not [are more than] 6‰ .

The concentration of the metals , Al , As , Cr , Co , Cu , Fe , Pb , Ni , Zn , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 1 µg/L each , and Cd , Hg , and Ag , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 100 ng/L each .
the concentration of the metals , al , as , cr , co , cu , fe , pb , ni , zn , expressed as total metal , should not [are more than] 1 µg/l each , and cd , hg , and ag , expressed as total metal , should not [are more than] 100 ng/l each .

Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's National Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
pesticide concentrations should not [are more than] usepa 's national ambient water quality chronic criteria values where available .

If the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.15 µg/g wet weight , or the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides plus PCBs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( Al , As , Cr , Cd , Cu , Pb , Ni , Zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods , see AOAC , 1990 ; and USDA , 1989 ) .
if the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.15 µg/g wet weight , or the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides plus pcbs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( al , as , cr , cd , cu , pb , ni , zn , expressed as total metal ) [are more than] 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods , see aoac , 1990 ; and usda , 1989 ) .

The red macroalga , Champia parvula , test is acceptable if survival is 100 % , and the mean number of cystocarps per plant should equal or exceed 10 .
the red macroalga , champia parvula , test is acceptable if survival is 100 % , and the mean number of cystocarps per plant should equal or [are more than] 10 .

If the inland silverside , Menidia beryllina , larval survival and growth test is begun with larvae seven days old , the mean dry weight of the surviving larvae in the control chambers at the end of the test must equal or exceed 0.50 mg , if the weights are determined immediately , or 0.43 mg if the larvae are preserved in a 4 % formalin or 70 % ethanol solution .
if the inland silverside , menidia beryllina , larval survival and growth test is begun with larvae seven days old , the mean dry weight of the surviving larvae in the control chambers at the end of the test must equal or [are more than] 0.50 mg , if the weights are determined immediately , or 0.43 mg if the larvae are preserved in a 4 % formalin or 70 % ethanol solution .

However , fecundity must equal or exceed 50 % to be used as an endpoint in the test .
however , fecundity must equal or [are more than] 50 % to be used as an endpoint in the test .

The change in salinity upon acclimation at the desired test dilution should not exceed 6‰ .
the change in salinity upon acclimation at the desired test dilution should not [are more than] 6‰ .

The brine should be checked daily ( depending on the volume being generated ) to ensure that the salinity does not exceed 100‰ and that the temperature does not exceed 40°C .
the brine should be checked daily ( depending on the volume being generated ) to ensure that the salinity does not [are more than] 100‰ and that the temperature does not [are more than] 40°c .

Following dechlorination , total residual chlorine should not exceed 0.01 mg/L .
following dechlorination , total residual chlorine should not [are more than] 0.01 mg/l .

If the data from the samples are to be acceptable for use in the NPDES Program , the lapsed time ( holding time ) from sample collection to first use of each grab or composite sample must not exceed 36 h. EPA believes that 36 h is adequate time to deliver the sample to the laboratories performing the test in most cases .
if the data from the samples are to be acceptable for use in the npdes program , the lapsed time ( holding time ) from sample collection to first use of each grab or composite sample must not [are more than] 36 h. epa believes that 36 h is adequate time to deliver the sample to the laboratories performing the test in most cases .

Following dechlorination , total residual chlorine should not exceed 0.01 mg/L .
following dechlorination , total residual chlorine should not [are more than] 0.01 mg/l .

If the data from the samples are to be acceptable for use in the NPDES Program , the lapsed time ( holding time ) from sample collection to first use of each grab or composite sample must not exceed 36 h. EPA believes that 36 h is adequate time to deliver the samples to the laboratories performing the test in most cases .
if the data from the samples are to be acceptable for use in the npdes program , the lapsed time ( holding time ) from sample collection to first use of each grab or composite sample must not [are more than] 36 h. epa believes that 36 h is adequate time to deliver the samples to the laboratories performing the test in most cases .

For each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .
for each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not [are more than] the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .

Generally , the trading program and the requirement to hold allowances will begin the third year after the first year ( starting 2018 ) in which the total emissions of affected EGUs exceed 271,000 tons .
generally , the trading program and the requirement to hold allowances will begin the third year after the first year ( starting 2018 ) in which the total emissions of affected egus [are more than] 271,000 tons .

However , the WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected EGUs subject to the requirements of the new WRAP trading program .
however , the wrap states may unanimously petition the administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected egus are reasonably projected to [are more than] 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected egus subject to the requirements of the new wrap trading program .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed 271,000 tons per year .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not [are more than] 271,000 tons per year .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not [are more than] the applicable total amount of allowances available for allocation for the zone for the year involved .

Each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .
each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not [are more than] the applicable amount of allowances available for allocation for the year .

The concentration of the metals Al , As , Cr , Co , Cu , Fe , Pb , Ni , and Zn , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 1 mg/L each , and Cd , Hg , and Ag , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 100 ng/L each .
the concentration of the metals al , as , cr , co , cu , fe , pb , ni , and zn , expressed as total metal , should not [are more than] 1 mg/l each , and cd , hg , and ag , expressed as total metal , should not [are more than] 100 ng/l each .

Pesticide concentrations should not exceed USEPA 's Ambient Water Quality chronic criteria values where available .
pesticide concentrations should not [are more than] usepa 's ambient water quality chronic criteria values where available .

If the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.15 mg/g wet weight , or the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides plus PCBs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( Al , As , Cr , Cd , Cu , Pb , Ni , Zn , expressed as total metal ) exceed 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods see AOAC , 1990 and USDA , 1989 ) .
if the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides exceeds 0.15 mg/g wet weight , or the concentration of total organochlorine pesticides plus pcbs exceeds 0.30 µg/g wet weight , or toxic metals ( al , as , cr , cd , cu , pb , ni , zn , expressed as total metal ) [are more than] 20 µg/g wet weight , the food should not be used ( for analytical methods see aoac , 1990 and usda , 1989 ) .

At the end of the test , the average dry weight of surviving seven-day-old fathead minnows in control chambers must equal or exceed 0.25 mg .
at the end of the test , the average dry weight of surviving seven-day-old fathead minnows in control chambers must equal or [are more than] 0.25 mg .

In algal toxicity tests , the mean cell density in the controls after 96 h must equal or exceed 1 x 106 cells/mL and not vary more than 20 % among replicates .
in algal toxicity tests , the mean cell density in the controls after 96 h must equal or [are more than] 1 x 106 cells/ml and not vary more than 20 % among replicates .

Market based approaches reward firms for finding cost-effective measures that exceed emission reduction targets .
market based approaches reward firms for finding cost-effective measures that [are more than] emission reduction targets .

China traditionally bought 3 to 6 million tons of urea annually ( which is produced from ammonia ) , but in 1996 , the country launched a drive to become self-sufficient in urea , a move that has displaced 1.9 to 3.7 million tons of ammonia.47 Based on these estimates , the ability to supply of ammonia will continue to exceed its demand , even with the additional demand from newly installed SCR systems .
china traditionally bought 3 to 6 million tons of urea annually ( which is produced from ammonia ) , but in 1996 , the country launched a drive to become self-sufficient in urea , a move that has displaced 1.9 to 3.7 million tons of ammonia.47 based on these estimates , the ability to supply of ammonia will continue to [are more than] its demand , even with the additional demand from newly installed scr systems .

Notwithstanding the preceding sentence , the total tonnage of emissions in any calendar year ( calculated at the end thereof ) from all units in such a utility system , power pool , or allowance pool agreements shall not exceed the total allowances for such units for the calendar year concerned , including for calendar years after 2007 , allowances held for such units by the owner or operator of the sources where the units are located .
notwithstanding the preceding sentence , the total tonnage of emissions in any calendar year ( calculated at the end thereof ) from all units in such a utility system , power pool , or allowance pool agreements shall not [are more than] the total allowances for such units for the calendar year concerned , including for calendar years after 2007 , allowances held for such units by the owner or operator of the sources where the units are located .

In the case of an affected unit under section 414 described in subparagraph ( A ) , the allowances awarded under this subsection for early reductions in any prior year may not exceed the amount by which ( i ) the product of the quantity of fossil fuel consumed by the unit ( in mmBtu ) in the prior year multiplied by the lesser of 2.50 or the most stringent emission rate ( in lbs .
in the case of an affected unit under section 414 described in subparagraph ( a ) , the allowances awarded under this subsection for early reductions in any prior year may not [are more than] the amount by which ( i ) the product of the quantity of fossil fuel consumed by the unit ( in mmbtu ) in the prior year multiplied by the lesser of 2.50 or the most stringent emission rate ( in lbs .

After January 1 , 2010 , it shall be unlawful for each unit subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this paragraph to exceed an annual emissions tonnage limitation equal to the product of its baseline multiplied by an emissions rate of 1.20 lbs/mmBtu , divided by 2,000 , unless the owner or operator holds allowances to emit not less than the unit 's total annual emissions or , for a year after 2007 , unless the owner or operator of the source that includes such unit holds allowances to emit not less than the total annual emissions of all affected units at the source .
after january 1 , 2010 , it shall be unlawful for each unit subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this paragraph to [are more than] an annual emissions tonnage limitation equal to the product of its baseline multiplied by an emissions rate of 1.20 lbs/mmbtu , divided by 2,000 , unless the owner or operator holds allowances to emit not less than the unit 's total annual emissions or , for a year after 2007 , unless the owner or operator of the source that includes such unit holds allowances to emit not less than the total annual emissions of all affected units at the source .

After January 1 , 2010 , it shall be unlawful for each unit subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this paragraph to exceed an annual emissions tonnage limitation equal to the product of its baseline multiplied by an emissions rate of 1.20 lbs/mmBtu , divided by 2,000 , unless the owner or operator holds for use allowances to emit not less than the unit 's total annual emissions or , for a year after 2007 , unless the owner or operator of the source that includes such unit holds allowances to emit not less than the total annual emissions of all affected units at the source .
after january 1 , 2010 , it shall be unlawful for each unit subject to the emissions limitation requirements of this paragraph to [are more than] an annual emissions tonnage limitation equal to the product of its baseline multiplied by an emissions rate of 1.20 lbs/mmbtu , divided by 2,000 , unless the owner or operator holds for use allowances to emit not less than the unit 's total annual emissions or , for a year after 2007 , unless the owner or operator of the source that includes such unit holds allowances to emit not less than the total annual emissions of all affected units at the source .

If the profits from the money making routes and non-delivered mail exceed the upstream fixed cost , then there must be an offset of money losing routes .
if the profits from the money making routes and non-delivered mail [are more than] the upstream fixed cost , then there must be an offset of money losing routes .

The capped rates that do not cover cost or the rates that exceed the cap but cover costs ?
the capped rates that do not cover cost or the rates that [are more than] the cap but cover costs ?

On the other hand , monopolies can be harmful to consumers when they protect technically inefficient behavior , and allow economic rents to be extracted.3 This paper sets up a framework to examine the following question : Do the economies of scale in the delivery function exceed the technical inefficiencies and economic rents of the Postal Service ?
on the other hand , monopolies can be harmful to consumers when they protect technically inefficient behavior , and allow economic rents to be extracted.3 this paper sets up a framework to examine the following question : do the economies of scale in the delivery function [are more than] the technical inefficiencies and economic rents of the postal service ?

The coverage model specification is as follows : COVi = 1 - e -b*PPSi ( 1 ) where , COVi = ASi / PSi ASi = Number of actual stops on route i PSi = Number of possible stops on route i PPSi = Number of pieces per possible stop on route i Since coverage can not exceed 100 percent , we have specified an exponential function .
the coverage model specification is as follows : covi = 1 - e -b*ppsi ( 1 ) where , covi = asi / psi asi = number of actual stops on route i psi = number of possible stops on route i ppsi = number of pieces per possible stop on route i since coverage can not [are more than] 100 percent , we have specified an exponential function .

The majority party 's representation on this committee should never exceed the minority 's representation by more than one .
the majority party 's representation on this committee should never [are more than] the minority 's representation by more than one .

However , even if these resources are provided for the global treatment of HIV , the number of individuals in need of treatment will far exceed the supply of ARVs [ 1 ] .
however , even if these resources are provided for the global treatment of hiv , the number of individuals in need of treatment will far [are more than] the supply of arvs [ 1 ] .

However , the viral inoculum sizes used to infect macaques with SIV vastly exceed the amounts of HIV that humans are exposed to during a given exposure .
however , the viral inoculum sizes used to infect macaques with siv vastly [are more than] the amounts of hiv that humans are exposed to during a given exposure .

ARB can asymptomatically colonize a person for years : even if the number of other people infected during a single hospital visit is less than one , this number will exceed one when summed over several hospital visits [ 25,32,33 ] .
arb can asymptomatically colonize a person for years : even if the number of other people infected during a single hospital visit is less than one , this number will [are more than] one when summed over several hospital visits [ 25,32,33 ] .

Lymphocyte proliferative response to recombinant HIV-1 p24 protein had to exceed a stimulation index of ten before treatment discontinuation , and net counts per minute had to be 800 or greater .
lymphocyte proliferative response to recombinant hiv-1 p24 protein had to [are more than] a stimulation index of ten before treatment discontinuation , and net counts per minute had to be 800 or greater .

The magnitude of the epidemic is projected to exceed that of sub-Saharan Africa in the 21st century [ 2 ] .
the magnitude of the epidemic is projected to [are more than] that of sub-saharan africa in the 21st century [ 2 ] .

A review of recent issues shows that almost all authors exceed six pages , voluntarily paying on average over $ 800 to publish their articles .
a review of recent issues shows that almost all authors [are more than] six pages , voluntarily paying on average over $ 800 to publish their articles .

The share of new patients receiving a thiazide increased over the study period , but did not exceed 45 % at any point .
the share of new patients receiving a thiazide increased over the study period , but did not [are more than] 45 % at any point .

In particular , rates of nonsynonymous substitution per site ( resulting in an amino acid change ; d N ) often greatly exceed those of synonymous substitution per site ( silent change ; d S ) , as expected if most mutations are fixed because they increase fitness ( Figure 1 ) .
in particular , rates of nonsynonymous substitution per site ( resulting in an amino acid change ; d n ) often greatly [are more than] those of synonymous substitution per site ( silent change ; d s ) , as expected if most mutations are fixed because they increase fitness ( figure 1 ) .

To meet tuition payments and other expenses , total loans of the student body each year now exceed $ 4,000,000 .
to meet tuition payments and other expenses , total loans of the student body each year now [are more than] $ 4,000,000 .

Although inflation is low , our productions are very labor intensive and most exceed the rate of inflation .
although inflation is low , our productions are very labor intensive and most [are more than] the rate of inflation .

A new constitution that is being drafted proposes that the long leases granted to some wealthy ranchers , some of which exceed 950 years , be reduced to 99 years .
a new constitution that is being drafted proposes that the long leases granted to some wealthy ranchers , some of which [are more than] 950 years , be reduced to 99 years .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Genetic variations within any race far exceed the variations between the races , and the genetic similarities among the races swamp both .
genetic variations within any race far [are more than] the variations between the races , and the genetic similarities among the races swamp both .

Some of the subsidies exceed capital and maintenance costs : If the White Sox fail to draw 1.5 million annual fans at New Comiskey Park in the 11th through 20th years of their lease , the state of Illinois is contractually obliged to cover the shortfall at the gate by buying upto 300,000 tickets .
some of the subsidies [are more than] capital and maintenance costs : if the white sox fail to draw 1.5 million annual fans at new comiskey park in the 11th through 20th years of their lease , the state of illinois is contractually obliged to cover the shortfall at the gate by buying upto 300,000 tickets .

However , as Jack Shafer noted in , there are plenty of other people out there who could meet and exceed their 1999 running total of $ 255 million and not even wince .
however , as jack shafer noted in , there are plenty of other people out there who could meet and [are more than] their 1999 running total of $ 255 million and not even wince .

Remember that any overspending in the general budget automatically results in borrowing from the trust funds -- and that Congress , despite its lip service to the spending caps ( and the surpluses that depend entirely upon them ) , is even now busy marking up appropriations bills that exceed the caps by tens of billions of dollars .
remember that any overspending in the general budget automatically results in borrowing from the trust funds -- and that congress , despite its lip service to the spending caps ( and the surpluses that depend entirely upon them ) , is even now busy marking up appropriations bills that [are more than] the caps by tens of billions of dollars .

In fact , estates must exceed at least $ 600,00 before ANY tax is applied .
in fact , estates must [are more than] at least $ 600,00 before any tax is applied .

When they 're deprived of options and benefits that exceed what they 've paid for , or when they 're obliged to pay premiums sufficient to cover the options and benefits they expect , they figure some special interest is ripping them off .
when they 're deprived of options and benefits that [are more than] what they 've paid for , or when they 're obliged to pay premiums sufficient to cover the options and benefits they expect , they figure some special interest is ripping them off .

Someone evidently thinks this value will exceed the cost of keeping the photographers on guard .
someone evidently thinks this value will [are more than] the cost of keeping the photographers on guard .

Click for an explanation of `` Shannon 's Limit , '' which tells you why the bandwidth of conventional telephone connections will never exceed 56,000 bits per second .
click for an explanation of `` shannon 's limit , '' which tells you why the bandwidth of conventional telephone connections will never [are more than] 56,000 bits per second .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

The suspension was generally condoned in the Irish press , but the Irish Times dwelt in an editorial Monday on a new report showing that mortality rates among Irish-born people in Britain `` exceed those of all residents of England and Wales by some 30 per cent for men and 20 per cent for women '' and that `` Irish people there have the highest rates of mental hospitalisation and were more than twice as likely as the native-born to be hospitalised for ... schizophrenia , depression , neuroses , and personality disorders . ''
the suspension was generally condoned in the irish press , but the irish times dwelt in an editorial monday on a new report showing that mortality rates among irish-born people in britain `` [are more than] those of all residents of england and wales by some 30 per cent for men and 20 per cent for women '' and that `` irish people there have the highest rates of mental hospitalisation and were more than twice as likely as the native-born to be hospitalised for ... schizophrenia , depression , neuroses , and personality disorders . ''

The Wall Street Journal , in its front-page business and finance news box , reports that on Monday , the FTC sharply criticized the proposed national tobacco settlement , concluding that the cigarette makers could reap big profits that far exceed the penalties the pact imposes on them .
the wall street journal , in its front-page business and finance news box , reports that on monday , the ftc sharply criticized the proposed national tobacco settlement , concluding that the cigarette makers could reap big profits that far [are more than] the penalties the pact imposes on them .

Painfully aware of the limitations of class , occasionally able to peer outside the prison house of race , he strains to exceed his inheritance .
painfully aware of the limitations of class , occasionally able to peer outside the prison house of race , he strains to [are more than] his inheritance .

Instead , we 're guided by more flexible criteria such as the cost-benefit principle : A policy is good when its benefits exceed its costs , with benefits ( or costs ) measured by what the proponents ( or opponents ) would be willing to pay to see the policy enacted ( or defeated ) .
instead , we 're guided by more flexible criteria such as the cost-benefit principle : a policy is good when its benefits [are more than] its costs , with benefits ( or costs ) measured by what the proponents ( or opponents ) would be willing to pay to see the policy enacted ( or defeated ) .

That grandmother almost surely lives better than people of her age ever lived before , supported by Social Security checks that will greatly exceed the value of the contributions she and her husband paid into the system .
that grandmother almost surely lives better than people of her age ever lived before , supported by social security checks that will greatly [are more than] the value of the contributions she and her husband paid into the system .

As anyone who has read John Maynard Keynes can tell you , when desired savings consistently exceed willing investment , the result is a permanent recession .
as anyone who has read john maynard keynes can tell you , when desired savings consistently [are more than] willing investment , the result is a permanent recession .

When they become too steep -- when they exceed some `` critical '' slope -- there will be an avalanche .
when they become too steep -- when they [are more than] some `` critical '' slope -- there will be an avalanche .

Savings and investment were still necessarily equal ; but if desired savings at full employment turned out to exceed desired investment , what would fall would be not interest rates but the level of employment and output .
savings and investment were still necessarily equal ; but if desired savings at full employment turned out to [are more than] desired investment , what would fall would be not interest rates but the level of employment and output .

It 's crazy to think that jurors who are unsure about two criteria ( what is a reasonable doubt , and does my own doubt exceed that level ? )
it 's crazy to think that jurors who are unsure about two criteria ( what is a reasonable doubt , and does my own doubt [are more than] that level ? )

Now we 've stated two principles : Claims can not exceed 100 percent of the estate , and second , we should follow the contested-garment rule .
now we 've stated two principles : claims can not [are more than] 100 percent of the estate , and second , we should follow the contested-garment rule .

If you 're at all typical , your consumption of staples like food and land will far exceed your consumption of other people 's air and other people 's property .
if you 're at all typical , your consumption of staples like food and land will far [are more than] your consumption of other people 's air and other people 's property .

We snack when we believe the benefits exceed the costs .
we snack when we believe the benefits [are more than] the costs .

One explanation is that most people do n't ever drive while intoxicated , while most do exceed the speed limit from time to time .
one explanation is that most people do n't ever drive while intoxicated , while most do [are more than] the speed limit from time to time .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

They should not exceed 200 words in length .
they should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

They should not exceed 200 words in length .
they should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

They should not exceed 200 words in length .
they should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

They should not exceed 200 words in length .
they should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

They should not exceed 200 words in length .
they should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

They should not exceed 200 words in length .
they should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words .

They should not exceed 200 words in length .
they should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

Queries should not exceed 200 words in length .
queries should not [are more than] 200 words in length .

In the Republican primaries , for instance , aides to Bob Dole admitted that they were going to exceed legal limits on how much they could spend , an act commentators compared at the time to running a red light .
in the republican primaries , for instance , aides to bob dole admitted that they were going to [are more than] legal limits on how much they could spend , an act commentators compared at the time to running a red light .

Elizabeth Dole 's poll ratings and communication skills decisively exceed her husband 's .
elizabeth dole 's poll ratings and communication skills decisively [are more than] her husband 's .

That 's because , over the last several years and for several to come , Social Security payroll taxes have far exceeded , and will continue to far exceed , the benefits paid out .
that 's because , over the last several years and for several to come , social security payroll taxes have far exceeded , and will continue to far [are more than] , the benefits paid out .

The front-page of USAT 's `` Money '' section reports that sales of the stuff could exceed $ 100 million this year , up from $ 5 million last year .
the front-page of usat 's `` money '' section reports that sales of the stuff could [are more than] $ 100 million this year , up from $ 5 million last year .

I had to exceed the speed limit to pass him and to see that the driver was a small man with a pointed beard , exactly what I should expect a geneticist to look like .
i had to [are more than] the speed limit to pass him and to see that the driver was a small man with a pointed beard , exactly what i should expect a geneticist to look like .

Thus in the Chinese spoken language of that time we have two homophones , one meant ` the Viet ( people or kingdom ) , ' the other simply ` extreme , to exceed . '
thus in the chinese spoken language of that time we have two homophones , one meant ` the viet ( people or kingdom ) , ' the other simply ` extreme , to [are more than] . '

It may not exceed the length of this review : 580 words .
it may not [are more than] the length of this review : 580 words .

The word thus formed coincidentally also means ` to exceed , to pass , large , more , or O ! , ' but I simply ca n't figure out why anybody would translate it as ` extreme . '
the word thus formed coincidentally also means ` to [are more than] , to pass , large , more , or o ! , ' but i simply ca n't figure out why anybody would translate it as ` extreme . '

