I recall that several years their taxes exceeded $800 .
i recall that several years their taxes [were more than] $800 .

For this reason , the more uncertain skywave service was denominated `` secondary '' in our rules , as compared to the steadier , more reliable groundwave `` primary service '' , and , for both skywave service and skywave interference , signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is exceeded -- 50 percent of the time for skywave service , 10 percent of the time for skywave interference .
for this reason , the more uncertain skywave service was denominated `` secondary '' in our rules , as compared to the steadier , more reliable groundwave `` primary service '' , and , for both skywave service and skywave interference , signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular signal-intensity level is [were more than] -- 50 percent of the time for skywave service , 10 percent of the time for skywave interference .

Sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million , compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types .
sales of transistors in 1960 [were more than] $300 million , compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types .

Throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the Federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either Federal or state governments .
throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or [were more than] the federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either federal or state governments .

As Charles Evans Hughes said , `` Miss Poitrine's limitations as an actress are exceeded only by her logic as a litigant '' .
as charles evans hughes said , `` miss poitrine's limitations as an actress are [were more than] only by her logic as a litigant '' .

At tests the car exceeded 212 miles per hour , which for a production car is a world record .
at tests the car [were more than] 212 miles per hour , which for a production car is a world record .

If the quota 's exceeded , growers could be forced to stop planting new vines .
if the quota 's [were more than] , growers could be forced to stop planting new vines .

The annual cost of crimes involving cars in one city has exceeded five million pounds .
the annual cost of crimes involving cars in one city has [were more than] five million pounds .

The brainchild of two local men — Patrick McCoey and Mickey Kelly — the scale of the project has far exceeded their expectations .
the brainchild of two local men — patrick mccoey and mickey kelly — the scale of the project has far [were more than] their expectations .

The way ahead , said David Windmill of McConnell Salmon , one of Scotland 's biggest producers , was the creation of producer organisations in Scotland , Norway , Ireland and other farming nations , which would control production and , if necessary , intervene in the market to remove fish when demand was exceeded .
the way ahead , said david windmill of mcconnell salmon , one of scotland 's biggest producers , was the creation of producer organisations in scotland , norway , ireland and other farming nations , which would control production and , if necessary , intervene in the market to remove fish when demand was [were more than] .

Norman Ireland , chairman , said trading in the last quarter of 1992 had exceeded forecasts , and the improvement was continuing .
norman ireland , chairman , said trading in the last quarter of 1992 had [were more than] forecasts , and the improvement was continuing .

The plans unveiled yesterday means that Russell has more than exceeded its original plans both for capital investment and job creation .
the plans unveiled yesterday means that russell has more than [were more than] its original plans both for capital investment and job creation .

But he pointed out that drivers had always been liable to pay tax on their allowances if it exceeded the cost of running and maintaining a car .
but he pointed out that drivers had always been liable to pay tax on their allowances if it [were more than] the cost of running and maintaining a car .

The spokeswoman said : ‘ We have already exceeded the Charter this year .
the spokeswoman said : ‘ we have already [were more than] the charter this year .

He said between December 1 last year and March 3 this year the Barnard Castle and Middleton-in-Teesdale ambulance stations had attended 145 jobs , of which only three exceeded the national response time requirement of 19 minutes .
he said between december 1 last year and march 3 this year the barnard castle and middleton-in-teesdale ambulance stations had attended 145 jobs , of which only three [were more than] the national response time requirement of 19 minutes .

Imports from countries outside the European Community exceeded exports by £1.334 billion last month compared with £1.060 billion in January — an increase in the deficit of £274 million .
imports from countries outside the european community [were more than] exports by £1.334 billion last month compared with £1.060 billion in january — an increase in the deficit of £274 million .

In addition , even this measure could not guarantee that recent flood levels would not be exceeded .
in addition , even this measure could not guarantee that recent flood levels would not be [were more than] .

‘ We have perhaps exceeded most people 's expectations by the way we have played this season , yet we are very conscious that we still have one more game to go , ’ he reasoned .
‘ we have perhaps [were more than] most people 's expectations by the way we have played this season , yet we are very conscious that we still have one more game to go , ’ he reasoned .

It had been feared that if the impact of the recession and resistance to the toll increase had exceeded 10pc motorists faced another price rise .
it had been feared that if the impact of the recession and resistance to the toll increase had [were more than] 10pc motorists faced another price rise .

The levels reached by 1971 exceeded even the considerable levels achieved before the First World War .
the levels reached by 1971 [were more than] even the considerable levels achieved before the first world war .

But government expenditure abroad ( on loans , grants and for military purposes ) together with the outflow of capital exceeded these credit items and resulted in $ 30 billion of gold or dollars flowing into foreign central banks .
but government expenditure abroad ( on loans , grants and for military purposes ) together with the outflow of capital [were more than] these credit items and resulted in $ 30 billion of gold or dollars flowing into foreign central banks .

Trade unions , strengthened by high demand for labour , secured money wage increases which , given the existing inflation rate , exceeded those required to generate sufficient extra scrapping .
trade unions , strengthened by high demand for labour , secured money wage increases which , given the existing inflation rate , [were more than] those required to generate sufficient extra scrapping .

The money wage increases which workers won exceeded those required to generate enough scrapping to ease labour shortage .
the money wage increases which workers won [were more than] those required to generate enough scrapping to ease labour shortage .

By mid-1966 unemployment in Germany exceeded vacancies for the first time since 1959 .
by mid-1966 unemployment in germany [were more than] vacancies for the first time since 1959 .

Before the war the volume of grain exported seldom exceeded 30 million tons a year .
before the war the volume of grain exported seldom [were more than] 30 million tons a year .

Jeffrey was refused help with the prescription for his inhaler because the Department of Health said his income exceeded the required level .
jeffrey was refused help with the prescription for his inhaler because the department of health said his income [were more than] the required level .

In the final Cadwallader struggled to stay in touch with the top class domestic field but he exceeded all expectations by taking more than four seconds off his best time when he ran 3m 44.04s in Saturday 's heats .
in the final cadwallader struggled to stay in touch with the top class domestic field but he [were more than] all expectations by taking more than four seconds off his best time when he ran 3m 44.04s in saturday 's heats .

Group sales exceeded £10 billion for the first time as the Group served over ten million customers each week .
group sales [were more than] £10 billion for the first time as the group served over ten million customers each week .

The country 's budget of £4 million for bus services in 1993–4 is exceeded by its education services budget of £5.5 million used partly for local bus service contracts and partly for purchasing seats on commercially run buses .
the country 's budget of £4 million for bus services in 1993–4 is [were more than] by its education services budget of £5.5 million used partly for local bus service contracts and partly for purchasing seats on commercially run buses .

Production costs have exceeded £60,000 , but the Everyman is hoping to break even , thanks to grants from the council , the Merseyside Development Corporation and the Arts Council .
production costs have [were more than] £60,000 , but the everyman is hoping to break even , thanks to grants from the council , the merseyside development corporation and the arts council .

Last year , the poppy appeal raised just over £13m and the organisers hope that figure will be exceeded this year .
last year , the poppy appeal raised just over £13m and the organisers hope that figure will be [were more than] this year .

Chancellor Norman Lamont has warned that the cash available £244.5bn for 199394 can not be exceeded .
chancellor norman lamont has warned that the cash available £244.5bn for 199394 can not be [were more than] .

In fact , the losses of the comparatively few German battalions engaged in this small corner of the Verdun front that day alone exceeded 2,400 , little less than the total British casualties on D-Day in 1944 .
in fact , the losses of the comparatively few german battalions engaged in this small corner of the verdun front that day alone [were more than] 2,400 , little less than the total british casualties on d-day in 1944 .

Often the demands simply exceeded what human flesh could obey .
often the demands simply [were more than] what human flesh could obey .

For example , if investment exceeded saving , the demand for loanable funds would exceed their supply and this would push interest rates upwards , bringing forth more saving and curbing investment until they were equal again .
for example , if investment [were more than] saving , the demand for loanable funds would exceed their supply and this would push interest rates upwards , bringing forth more saving and curbing investment until they were equal again .

Similarly , if saving exceeded investment , interest rates would fall , causing investment to rise and saving to be reduced .
similarly , if saving [were more than] investment , interest rates would fall , causing investment to rise and saving to be reduced .

In a ‘ sellers market ’ , similar to that which pertained in the United Kingdom after World War Two , there was little need for promotional activity because demand exceeded supply and whatever was produced was taken up immediately by the market .
in a ‘ sellers market ’ , similar to that which pertained in the united kingdom after world war two , there was little need for promotional activity because demand [were more than] supply and whatever was produced was taken up immediately by the market .

Its surface area would dissipate heat continually at the same rate at which it exceeded ambient temperature , and it would need 8100 kilocalories of solar radiation in addition to its metabolic increment .
its surface area would dissipate heat continually at the same rate at which it [were more than] ambient temperature , and it would need 8100 kilocalories of solar radiation in addition to its metabolic increment .

When the Cripps offer of 1942 , of dominion status — with the all-important right of secession — after the war and representation on the viceroy 's Executive Council during the war , looked like being accepted , he joined forces with the viceroy , Linlithgow , behind Cripps ' back to persuade the Cabinet that its envoy had exceeded his authority , and the deal was off .
when the cripps offer of 1942 , of dominion status — with the all-important right of secession — after the war and representation on the viceroy 's executive council during the war , looked like being accepted , he joined forces with the viceroy , linlithgow , behind cripps ' back to persuade the cabinet that its envoy had [were more than] his authority , and the deal was off .

The user must ensure that the permissible Zener dissipation is not exceeded .
the user must ensure that the permissible zener dissipation is not [were more than] .

Of course , we knew roughly what was in store for us , but it exceeded what we 'd imagined .
of course , we knew roughly what was in store for us , but it [were more than] what we 'd imagined .

There are strict limits on the expenditure which can be incurred by or on behalf of a candidate and a successful candidate who is discovered to have exceeded the limits may find himself unseated .
there are strict limits on the expenditure which can be incurred by or on behalf of a candidate and a successful candidate who is discovered to have [were more than] the limits may find himself unseated .

The demand for vins de Pérignon far exceeded supply and , as a consequence , grapes had to be purchased from outside the abbey 's holdings to meet increased production levels .
the demand for vins de pérignon far [were more than] supply and , as a consequence , grapes had to be purchased from outside the abbey 's holdings to meet increased production levels .

The ‘ walking/running speed ’ at which vehicles must travel is variously interpreted as up to 20 km/h , but evidence from early shared-space streets showed that this is exceeded by 85 per cent of the vehicles .
the ‘ walking/running speed ’ at which vehicles must travel is variously interpreted as up to 20 km/h , but evidence from early shared-space streets showed that this is [were more than] by 85 per cent of the vehicles .

In one-day internationals he is the only bowler to have taken over 200 wickets , and his astonishing 175 not out against Zimbabwe in the 1983 World Cup has been exceeded only twice — both times by Viv Richards — in limited-overs internationals .
in one-day internationals he is the only bowler to have taken over 200 wickets , and his astonishing 175 not out against zimbabwe in the 1983 world cup has been [were more than] only twice — both times by viv richards — in limited-overs internationals .

Indeed , political argument , policy-making and economic analysis were suffused with an increasing flow of statistical data which in range and scale was quite unlike anything which had been experienced before : to such a degree that by the end of the period under review the rate at which data were being generated exceeded , probably by a wide margin , the capacity to apply them in practical economic action .
indeed , political argument , policy-making and economic analysis were suffused with an increasing flow of statistical data which in range and scale was quite unlike anything which had been experienced before : to such a degree that by the end of the period under review the rate at which data were being generated [were more than] , probably by a wide margin , the capacity to apply them in practical economic action .

There was evidence that a tear had progressed from the corroded area across the face of the pressure dome , initially in fourteen separate steps , after which the critical crack length was exceeded and total disruption followed .
there was evidence that a tear had progressed from the corroded area across the face of the pressure dome , initially in fourteen separate steps , after which the critical crack length was [were more than] and total disruption followed .

Each employee paid £3 to participate and was set a personal target of raising at least £10 in sponsorship , but most exceeded the target and many also paid for more than one go .
each employee paid £3 to participate and was set a personal target of raising at least £10 in sponsorship , but most [were more than] the target and many also paid for more than one go .

In making these threats , Mr Sloan exceeded his authority .
in making these threats , mr sloan [were more than] his authority .

When the islands were first settled , the population began to increase rapidly and the number of inhabitants soon exceeded the resources , prompting emigration to other Portuguese lands .
when the islands were first settled , the population began to increase rapidly and the number of inhabitants soon [were more than] the resources , prompting emigration to other portuguese lands .

Many air regulations stipulate a maximum flying height of 60m ( 196ft ) , which can be exceeded by permit ( Chapter Ten ) .
many air regulations stipulate a maximum flying height of 60m ( 196ft ) , which can be [were more than] by permit ( chapter ten ) .

It exceeded its investment target by thirty-nine per cent , but most of the money went towards tourism .
it [were more than] its investment target by thirty-nine per cent , but most of the money went towards tourism .

at the time of entering into the Contract with the Carrier the Trader declares to the Carrier a special interest in delivery in the case of loss or damage or of an agreed time limit being exceeded and agrees to pay a surcharge calculated on the amount of that interest , and
at the time of entering into the contract with the carrier the trader declares to the carrier a special interest in delivery in the case of loss or damage or of an agreed time limit being [were more than] and agrees to pay a surcharge calculated on the amount of that interest , and

If the number of volunteers exceeded the number required , the company would be prepared to move drivers from quarry to quarry to make up the numbers .
if the number of volunteers [were more than] the number required , the company would be prepared to move drivers from quarry to quarry to make up the numbers .

The College of Arms set and maintained a rigid scale of funerary etiquette : the obsequies of a royal duke would have been more complicated — and costly — than that of an earl , whilst a viscount 's cortège would have exceeded in complexity that of a baron .
the college of arms set and maintained a rigid scale of funerary etiquette : the obsequies of a royal duke would have been more complicated — and costly — than that of an earl , whilst a viscount 's cortège would have [were more than] in complexity that of a baron .

What each customer 's credit limit is , if he has exceeded it , and by how much ;
what each customer 's credit limit is , if he has [were more than] it , and by how much ;

‘ No man ’ , he adds , ‘ is created baron excepte he maye dispend of yearly reuenue one thousand poundes , or one thousand markes at the least ’ , figures that were normally exceeded by the estates of earls .
‘ no man ’ , he adds , ‘ is created baron excepte he maye dispend of yearly reuenue one thousand poundes , or one thousand markes at the least ’ , figures that were normally [were more than] by the estates of earls .

As to Rutland , if at first glance its gentry look significantly less prosperous than similar men in other Midland and southern counties , the impression may well be a by-product of the very completeness of the survey , resulting in virtually everyone answering the description being accounted for , whereas with Suffolk and Sussex in particular the subsidy returns , which provide the sole evidence , highlight gentlemen whose goods exceeded their lands in value , and on which in consequence they were taxed .
as to rutland , if at first glance its gentry look significantly less prosperous than similar men in other midland and southern counties , the impression may well be a by-product of the very completeness of the survey , resulting in virtually everyone answering the description being accounted for , whereas with suffolk and sussex in particular the subsidy returns , which provide the sole evidence , highlight gentlemen whose goods [were more than] their lands in value , and on which in consequence they were taxed .

Except in the various branches of victualling the effective upper limit was just about £40 — indeed , only a tiny minority of assessments exceeded £20 .
except in the various branches of victualling the effective upper limit was just about £40 — indeed , only a tiny minority of assessments [were more than] £20 .

In the belt extending from Hoxne to the Orwell estuary the percentage of assessments below £2 hardly exceeded twenty , save in a few places , and overall more were on goods than on earnings .
in the belt extending from hoxne to the orwell estuary the percentage of assessments below £2 hardly [were more than] twenty , save in a few places , and overall more were on goods than on earnings .

In relation to the harsh physical environment holdings were small and ( it was said ) getting smaller , thanks to partible inheritance : few exceeded 20–25 acres .
in relation to the harsh physical environment holdings were small and ( it was said ) getting smaller , thanks to partible inheritance : few [were more than] 20–25 acres .

The biggest provincial cities and towns had reached a stage of urbanisation at which the scale of wealth far exceeded that of the countryside .
the biggest provincial cities and towns had reached a stage of urbanisation at which the scale of wealth far [were more than] that of the countryside .

At a time when London 's population can hardly have exceeded 2 per cent of the entire nation , it contributed more than one-ninth of the total subsidy .
at a time when london 's population can hardly have [were more than] 2 per cent of the entire nation , it contributed more than one-ninth of the total subsidy .

Industry , strictly defined , can be regarded as having established itself only where production so exceeded local demand as to be aimed at a wider market , for a trade might flourish and yet remain no more than a subsidiary activity , like the leather trades of the Weald of Sussex .
industry , strictly defined , can be regarded as having established itself only where production so [were more than] local demand as to be aimed at a wider market , for a trade might flourish and yet remain no more than a subsidiary activity , like the leather trades of the weald of sussex .

Almost everyone there was a member of a guild , and since the population can hardly have exceeded 1,000 some people must have belonged to several .
almost everyone there was a member of a guild , and since the population can hardly have [were more than] 1,000 some people must have belonged to several .

Inclusive of the manor of Clipsham his Rutland property alone exceeded £12 in value , and from Buckinghamshire he drew a further £43.2 As a gentleman , the absentee William Dall ( or Dale ) could also be expected to have other property , and was in fact lord of the neighbouring manor of Tickencote , where he resided .
inclusive of the manor of clipsham his rutland property alone [were more than] £12 in value , and from buckinghamshire he drew a further £43.2 as a gentleman , the absentee william dall ( or dale ) could also be expected to have other property , and was in fact lord of the neighbouring manor of tickencote , where he resided .

Overall it would appear to have accounted for less than a tenth of the income of spiritualities ; in seven Norfolk parishes in 1658 the glebe varied from one-eighth to two-thirds of the living , though the average scarcely exceeded a quarter ; acreages ranged from one to fifty-two with a median of twenty-four in these and three other parishes .
overall it would appear to have accounted for less than a tenth of the income of spiritualities ; in seven norfolk parishes in 1658 the glebe varied from one-eighth to two-thirds of the living , though the average scarcely [were more than] a quarter ; acreages ranged from one to fifty-two with a median of twenty-four in these and three other parishes .

It delineated permitted forms of sexuality , such as those directed towards economically necessary levels of reproduction , and it regulated sexualities which exceeded these limits .
it delineated permitted forms of sexuality , such as those directed towards economically necessary levels of reproduction , and it regulated sexualities which [were more than] these limits .

In fact , the range of size is exceeded only by the range of habit .
in fact , the range of size is [were more than] only by the range of habit .

An earlier example posed the case of man whose feelings for his garden far exceeded those for his relations whom he disliked because their brushes with crime offended the respect in which he held the law .
an earlier example posed the case of man whose feelings for his garden far [were more than] those for his relations whom he disliked because their brushes with crime offended the respect in which he held the law .

Levels of photo-chemical smog are remarkably high in the Lakes and the environmental agency Greenpeace reported recently that in the summer of last year , when smog is most likely to occur , the World Health Organisation 's recommended safe limit was exceeded in London on one occasion only .
levels of photo-chemical smog are remarkably high in the lakes and the environmental agency greenpeace reported recently that in the summer of last year , when smog is most likely to occur , the world health organisation 's recommended safe limit was [were more than] in london on one occasion only .

But in the Lake District it was exceeded no less than 17 times , with the top of Great Dun Fell having the most severe recorded incidence with 97 parts per billion , compared with London 's worst at 63 parts per billion .
but in the lake district it was [were more than] no less than 17 times , with the top of great dun fell having the most severe recorded incidence with 97 parts per billion , compared with london 's worst at 63 parts per billion .

‘ Last year , there were 50 occasions when demand for beds exceeded the number available . ’
‘ last year , there were 50 occasions when demand for beds [were more than] the number available . ’

The base had been in line for the axe under the Options for Change review of the Services but was saved because the cost of relocation exceeded the saving .
the base had been in line for the axe under the options for change review of the services but was saved because the cost of relocation [were more than] the saving .

That they did not was because they had achieved only conservation of energy in the sense that the amount released exceeded that contained in the mass of a muon .
that they did not was because they had achieved only conservation of energy in the sense that the amount released [were more than] that contained in the mass of a muon .

All seats have been sold and the 11,000 attendance from the games against Papua New Guinea and France are set to be exceeded .
all seats have been sold and the 11,000 attendance from the games against papua new guinea and france are set to be [were more than] .

They had ceased to make monthly repayments in July 1990 and by April 1992 the arrears exceeded £64,000 .
they had ceased to make monthly repayments in july 1990 and by april 1992 the arrears [were more than] £64,000 .

He adds : ‘ The airline has fulfilled , if not exceeded , all our expectations .
he adds : ‘ the airline has fulfilled , if not [were more than] , all our expectations .

The original gift by the father took place in September 1980 , in so far as the market value at that time exceeded the £9,000 paid .
the original gift by the father took place in september 1980 , in so far as the market value at that time [were more than] the £9,000 paid .

In the nineteenth century the number of persons who were each year involved in civil and criminal cases often exceeded the adult male population of the island .
in the nineteenth century the number of persons who were each year involved in civil and criminal cases often [were more than] the adult male population of the island .

This haul exceeded last season 's total in one match alone .
this haul [were more than] last season 's total in one match alone .

Entries for the World Veterans International Running Championships to be held in Birmingham on August 26 and 30 , have already exceeded 500 .
entries for the world veterans international running championships to be held in birmingham on august 26 and 30 , have already [were more than] 500 .

First , the enormous acceleration in repossessions , which exceeded 75,000 in 1991 and were projected to reach some 70,000 in 1992 .
first , the enormous acceleration in repossessions , which [were more than] 75,000 in 1991 and were projected to reach some 70,000 in 1992 .

The point was that the plaintiffs ' interest in Jarrad exceeded their interest in Jesner , and they contended that the object of Jarrad had been to provide money for the family and not to have its assets syphoned off to prop up Jesner .
the point was that the plaintiffs ' interest in jarrad [were more than] their interest in jesner , and they contended that the object of jarrad had been to provide money for the family and not to have its assets syphoned off to prop up jesner .

The company denied that it had ceased trading on 25 October , and the accounts included purchases , unrelated to the Meadowbank development , which substantially exceeded the value of stock in the period 's balance sheet .
the company denied that it had ceased trading on 25 october , and the accounts included purchases , unrelated to the meadowbank development , which substantially [were more than] the value of stock in the period 's balance sheet .

King penguins are the second largest of all the penguin tribe , only exceeded in size by the emperor penguin which breeds on the sea ice of the cold Antarctic continent .
king penguins are the second largest of all the penguin tribe , only [were more than] in size by the emperor penguin which breeds on the sea ice of the cold antarctic continent .

Neglecting the confining air pressure against the side walls , and assuming that the material strength of the cylinder has been exceeded , a global approximation to the force balance on the side walls is where the inertial mass is identified with the mass m of the cylinder .
neglecting the confining air pressure against the side walls , and assuming that the material strength of the cylinder has been [were more than] , a global approximation to the force balance on the side walls is where the inertial mass is identified with the mass m of the cylinder .

Our simulation shows that such an object 's strength is exceeded at an altitude of 33km , giving maximum kinetic energy deposition to the atmosphere at 32km .
our simulation shows that such an object 's strength is [were more than] at an altitude of 33km , giving maximum kinetic energy deposition to the atmosphere at 32km .

Dynamic equilibrium within the fracture system was apparently maintained until 14 December 1991 , when the magma pressure exceeded the lithostatic stresses and the eruption began briefly at the summit end of the fracture , then continued at a bocca further down .
dynamic equilibrium within the fracture system was apparently maintained until 14 december 1991 , when the magma pressure [were more than] the lithostatic stresses and the eruption began briefly at the summit end of the fracture , then continued at a bocca further down .

This structure relates to the underaccretion and uplift and has existed since the Miocene , when temperatures in the crust must have exceeded those of the shield geotherm .
this structure relates to the underaccretion and uplift and has existed since the miocene , when temperatures in the crust must have [were more than] those of the shield geotherm .

Texas does not need the economic stimulus offered by Mr Clinton : the state has a muscular economy with an employment-growth rate that has exceeded the national average for the past three years ( see chart on next page ) .
texas does not need the economic stimulus offered by mr clinton : the state has a muscular economy with an employment-growth rate that has [were more than] the national average for the past three years ( see chart on next page ) .

Massive prison population expansion in recent years is by no means unique to the United States , but it would be difficult to find other examples where during the 1980s the annual rate of growth exceeded 11 per cent .
massive prison population expansion in recent years is by no means unique to the united states , but it would be difficult to find other examples where during the 1980s the annual rate of growth [were more than] 11 per cent .

In recent years , the officially recorded — and probably under-recorded — number of undertrials has frequently exceeded 90,000 .
in recent years , the officially recorded — and probably under-recorded — number of undertrials has frequently [were more than] 90,000 .

The Council 's permission for many priests to share in a single concelebration was again , initially , limited to a very few occasions , but before the end of the 1960s the absurdity of the former practice had become rather obvious and concelebration was rapidly becoming the norm for all circumstances where the number of priests exceeded the number of community Masses needed for a pastoral purpose .
the council 's permission for many priests to share in a single concelebration was again , initially , limited to a very few occasions , but before the end of the 1960s the absurdity of the former practice had become rather obvious and concelebration was rapidly becoming the norm for all circumstances where the number of priests [were more than] the number of community masses needed for a pastoral purpose .

Because they were delivered door-to-door , their ‘ guaranteed ’ circulation far exceeded the others ' — 37 million compared with 7.6 .
because they were delivered door-to-door , their ‘ guaranteed ’ circulation far [were more than] the others ' — 37 million compared with 7.6 .

In 1988 the committee came up with reasonably simple minimum standards ( adopted or exceeded by banks in most developed countries by the end of last year ) which sought to match a bank 's capital to the credit risks it runs .
in 1988 the committee came up with reasonably simple minimum standards ( adopted or [were more than] by banks in most developed countries by the end of last year ) which sought to match a bank 's capital to the credit risks it runs .

With Japan closed for Golden Week holidays , investors have paused to ponder nearby markets . The next two articles look at places where share prices have exceeded expectations : the Philippines and South Korea
with japan closed for golden week holidays , investors have paused to ponder nearby markets . the next two articles look at places where share prices have [were more than] expectations : the philippines and south korea

Overspending sometimes exceeded this level even after such window-dressing as was feasible .
overspending sometimes [were more than] this level even after such window-dressing as was feasible .

Sir Thomas 's father , Sir Lawrence Dundas , when active in the politics of the city of Edinburgh , was a notable supporter of charities and other good causes , contributing on one occasion as much as £1,000 for the raising of nine companies of Royal Edinburgh Volunteers for service in the American War of Independence , a contribution exceeded only by the city itself , which gave £ 1,050 .
sir thomas 's father , sir lawrence dundas , when active in the politics of the city of edinburgh , was a notable supporter of charities and other good causes , contributing on one occasion as much as £1,000 for the raising of nine companies of royal edinburgh volunteers for service in the american war of independence , a contribution [were more than] only by the city itself , which gave £ 1,050 .

Prices have wildly exceeded estimates for second rate pieces . Why ?
prices have wildly [were more than] estimates for second rate pieces . why ?

Simon de Pury , president of Sotheby 's Switzerland , proclaimed himself delighted with the total , SFr19,743,130 ( £9,015 million ) which exceeded the pre-sale estimate of SFr16,509,700 ( 94 % sold ) .
simon de pury , president of sotheby 's switzerland , proclaimed himself delighted with the total , sfr19,743,130 ( £9,015 million ) which [were more than] the pre-sale estimate of sfr16,509,700 ( 94 % sold ) .

‘ He mimed and exceeded this modernism through assimilation , acquiring its power .
‘ he mimed and [were more than] this modernism through assimilation , acquiring its power .

But it was an occasion for spectators rather than bidders and only two lots exceeded expectations , Eric Gill 's fine , if slightly sweet , stone carving , ‘ Mother and Child ’ ( lot 20 , est .
but it was an occasion for spectators rather than bidders and only two lots [were more than] expectations , eric gill 's fine , if slightly sweet , stone carving , ‘ mother and child ’ ( lot 20 , est .

The numbers of tame elephants kept at any one time between the eleventh and seventeenth centuries certainly exceeded the entire wild population left in the world today !
the numbers of tame elephants kept at any one time between the eleventh and seventeenth centuries certainly [were more than] the entire wild population left in the world today !

From birth onwards , male mortality rates exceeded those of females .
from birth onwards , male mortality rates [were more than] those of females .

As illustrated on the front cover of last month 's Art Newspaper , the recently rediscovered ‘ Tarquin and Lucretia ’ by Hans von Aachen , sold at Dorotheum on 10 March , far exceeded its pre-sale estimate of ASch2–3 million .
as illustrated on the front cover of last month 's art newspaper , the recently rediscovered ‘ tarquin and lucretia ’ by hans von aachen , sold at dorotheum on 10 march , far [were more than] its pre-sale estimate of asch2–3 million .

Spitfire restorations to airworthy status have notoriously exceeded initial estimates of timing and cost , irrespective of start point condition .
spitfire restorations to airworthy status have notoriously [were more than] initial estimates of timing and cost , irrespective of start point condition .

By 1924 industry and population reached a peak ; at that time the population of West Ham was exceeded only by those of London , Birmingham , Liverpool , Manchester , Sheffield , Leeds and Bristol .
by 1924 industry and population reached a peak ; at that time the population of west ham was [were more than] only by those of london , birmingham , liverpool , manchester , sheffield , leeds and bristol .

From the early stages of industrialisation the demand for unskilled labour was exceeded only by the supply ; as an occupational category it remained dominant .
from the early stages of industrialisation the demand for unskilled labour was [were more than] only by the supply ; as an occupational category it remained dominant .

Levels of skilled and semiskilled labour were relatively low ; together they exceeded those in retail and clerical occupations , but not by much .
levels of skilled and semiskilled labour were relatively low ; together they [were more than] those in retail and clerical occupations , but not by much .

The City turned out to have exceeded the authority given in the charter , which was then revoked and a new charter issued that sharply limited its powers .
the city turned out to have [were more than] the authority given in the charter , which was then revoked and a new charter issued that sharply limited its powers .

The same line of attack was used against Massachusetts ; the charter had already been under examination , and in 1684 the courts ruled that Massachusetts had exceeded its authority and the charter was forfeited .
the same line of attack was used against massachusetts ; the charter had already been under examination , and in 1684 the courts ruled that massachusetts had [were more than] its authority and the charter was forfeited .

In terms of sheer quantity the material and human help provided by Mussolini and Hitler — aircraft , tanks , armoured vehicles , small arms and ammunition , the 70–80,000 Italian ‘ volunteers ’ and the German Condor Legion with its own 600 aircraft and 200 tanks — may or may not have exceeded Soviet aid to the Republic .
in terms of sheer quantity the material and human help provided by mussolini and hitler — aircraft , tanks , armoured vehicles , small arms and ammunition , the 70–80,000 italian ‘ volunteers ’ and the german condor legion with its own 600 aircraft and 200 tanks — may or may not have [were more than] soviet aid to the republic .

In any case , the proper limits of time for the question should not be exceeded .
in any case , the proper limits of time for the question should not be [were more than] .

He seemed to have exceeded his own limits .
he seemed to have [were more than] his own limits .

In most regions , the new growth is entirely due to changes in net migration , as movement out of the conurbations has exceeded the inflow to these areas , and low or convergent rates of natural increase have provided a passive background for these trends .
in most regions , the new growth is entirely due to changes in net migration , as movement out of the conurbations has [were more than] the inflow to these areas , and low or convergent rates of natural increase have provided a passive background for these trends .

Only a few authorities have been treated in this fashion and they are the councils which have substantially exceeded government targets for local expenditure .
only a few authorities have been treated in this fashion and they are the councils which have substantially [were more than] government targets for local expenditure .

If the Secretary of State for Scotland felt that the Scottish Assembly had exceeded its powers , he could refer any Scottish act or order to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council for a ruling on its legality .
if the secretary of state for scotland felt that the scottish assembly had [were more than] its powers , he could refer any scottish act or order to the judicial committee of the privy council for a ruling on its legality .

In the courts political questions may come before the judges because the matter is already in public controversy , like race or industrial relations ; or because it is claimed that a public authority has exceeded its powers ; or because the matter concerns the activities of the police ; or because the matter impinges on the individual rights of citizens , affecting their freedom or their property .
in the courts political questions may come before the judges because the matter is already in public controversy , like race or industrial relations ; or because it is claimed that a public authority has [were more than] its powers ; or because the matter concerns the activities of the police ; or because the matter impinges on the individual rights of citizens , affecting their freedom or their property .

If the Secretary of State went beyond the bounds of ‘ guidance ’ he exceeded his powers ; and the Civil Aviation Authority was under no obligation to obey him .
if the secretary of state went beyond the bounds of ‘ guidance ’ he [were more than] his powers ; and the civil aviation authority was under no obligation to obey him .

Especially in London , the dimensions of the social problems far exceeded the available resources both physical and financial .
especially in london , the dimensions of the social problems far [were more than] the available resources both physical and financial .

Where the local ombudsman exceeded his jurisdiction when reporting on a complaint against a local authority the Court of Appeal granted a declaration to that effect .
where the local ombudsman [were more than] his jurisdiction when reporting on a complaint against a local authority the court of appeal granted a declaration to that effect .

The Minister purported to give guidance , the effect of which was , that social fund officers must not make payments which would result in the budget being exceeded .
the minister purported to give guidance , the effect of which was , that social fund officers must not make payments which would result in the budget being [were more than] .

The demand for Greek work in the early centuries of the Empire far exceeded the supply , and a busy industry arose in the production of marble copies ( few could afford bronze ) after popular bronze ( and rarer marble ) types .
the demand for greek work in the early centuries of the empire far [were more than] the supply , and a busy industry arose in the production of marble copies ( few could afford bronze ) after popular bronze ( and rarer marble ) types .

In 1972 , despite the fact that the women then in the labour force were the relatively well qualified ( as those who were deferring childbearing were overrepresented ) , men 's pay exceeded women 's , at the geometric mean , by a factor of 60 per cent .
in 1972 , despite the fact that the women then in the labour force were the relatively well qualified ( as those who were deferring childbearing were overrepresented ) , men 's pay [were more than] women 's , at the geometric mean , by a factor of 60 per cent .

But his hostility to the Conservative prominents was exceeded only by his healthy hatred of many of the leading Labour figures .
but his hostility to the conservative prominents was [were more than] only by his healthy hatred of many of the leading labour figures .

We learned soon that the money for Frank had come from the wife of our new romantic juvenile , Laurence Wheldon , a blonde and willowy man whose good looks far exceeded his acting powers but whose wife 's money was underwriting the company , to say nothing of her husband 's ambitions .
we learned soon that the money for frank had come from the wife of our new romantic juvenile , laurence wheldon , a blonde and willowy man whose good looks far [were more than] his acting powers but whose wife 's money was underwriting the company , to say nothing of her husband 's ambitions .

The number of published accounts of these techniques , however , probably exceeded the number of practical applications ( Buchanan , 1979 ) .
the number of published accounts of these techniques , however , probably [were more than] the number of practical applications ( buchanan , 1979 ) .

If the scope of the enabling Act is exceeded or the procedures set out in it are not followed , the secondary legislation thereby created is said to be ultra vires ( i.e .
if the scope of the enabling act is [were more than] or the procedures set out in it are not followed , the secondary legislation thereby created is said to be ultra vires ( i.e .

At some point in the mid-1960s employment in the service industries exceeded the sum total of employment in the manufacturing , agricuItural and extractive industries in Britain .
at some point in the mid-1960s employment in the service industries [were more than] the sum total of employment in the manufacturing , agricuitural and extractive industries in britain .

Field men have ready access to consent documents and will treat as relevant the degree to which standards are exceeded .
field men have ready access to consent documents and will treat as relevant the degree to which standards are [were more than] .

In some instances unions had set a limit on the size of the temporary labour force expressed as a proportion of the total or the regular labour force , and if this limit was exceeded an equivalent number of temporary workers would have to be upgraded to permanent status .
in some instances unions had set a limit on the size of the temporary labour force expressed as a proportion of the total or the regular labour force , and if this limit was [were more than] an equivalent number of temporary workers would have to be upgraded to permanent status .

On appeal by the university and the Lord President , the Court of Appeal held that the visitor 's decision was amenable to judicial review but that the university had not exceeded its powers in dismissing the applicant and that the dismissal was valid .
on appeal by the university and the lord president , the court of appeal held that the visitor 's decision was amenable to judicial review but that the university had not [were more than] its powers in dismissing the applicant and that the dismissal was valid .

Alternatively , limits may be set to particular functions and alarms triggered whenever these are exceeded .
alternatively , limits may be set to particular functions and alarms triggered whenever these are [were more than] .

Development costs are also charged to the profit and loss account in the year of expenditure , except when individual projects satisfy the following criteria : the project is clearly defined and related expenditure is separately identifiable ; the project is technically feasible and commercially viable ; current and future costs will be exceeded by future sales ; and adequate resources exist for the project to be completed .
development costs are also charged to the profit and loss account in the year of expenditure , except when individual projects satisfy the following criteria : the project is clearly defined and related expenditure is separately identifiable ; the project is technically feasible and commercially viable ; current and future costs will be [were more than] by future sales ; and adequate resources exist for the project to be completed .

The usually quoted limit for freshwater tropicals is an inch of fish to 10 2 inches of surface water , though if you visit many experts you 'll soon see this exceeded .
the usually quoted limit for freshwater tropicals is an inch of fish to 10 2 inches of surface water , though if you visit many experts you 'll soon see this [were more than] .

Only 4 per cent of housing stock in English rural districts compared with 6 per cent of the total English housing stock exceeded the official overcrowding index in 1971 , but almost 38 per cent of housing in rural districts was defined as ‘ under-occupied ’ .
only 4 per cent of housing stock in english rural districts compared with 6 per cent of the total english housing stock [were more than] the official overcrowding index in 1971 , but almost 38 per cent of housing in rural districts was defined as ‘ under-occupied ’ .

She 'd exceeded her brief with Adolph Brückner and the operation through the clinic would have to be closed down .
she 'd [were more than] her brief with adolph brückner and the operation through the clinic would have to be closed down .

This implies that forward prices exceeded futures prices , that is , that marking to the market and stochastic interest rates reduced the futures price .
this implies that forward prices [were more than] futures prices , that is , that marking to the market and stochastic interest rates reduced the futures price .

‘ The second half of the year is traditionally much the stronger for Bookpoint , but our expectations were still exceeded , ’ he said .
‘ the second half of the year is traditionally much the stronger for bookpoint , but our expectations were still [were more than] , ’ he said .

South Africa mixed a couple of purple patches with several black ones during the tournament but , generally , exceeded expectations in just failing to reach the final of the World Cup .
south africa mixed a couple of purple patches with several black ones during the tournament but , generally , [were more than] expectations in just failing to reach the final of the world cup .

It is unhelpful for the health secretary to spout spurious statistics about increasing throughput and efficiency in the manner , and with the same hollow ring , of a beetroot producer or tractor manufacturer in the former Soviet Union reassuring commissars that norms were being exceeded .
it is unhelpful for the health secretary to spout spurious statistics about increasing throughput and efficiency in the manner , and with the same hollow ring , of a beetroot producer or tractor manufacturer in the former soviet union reassuring commissars that norms were being [were more than] .

The results exceeded expectations .
the results [were more than] expectations .

We felt that the interaction and integration had exceeded our expectations .
we felt that the interaction and integration had [were more than] our expectations .

In 1978 the core work force exceeded 900 .
in 1978 the core work force [were more than] 900 .

They are expected so far as practicable to make decisions on benefit entitlement within 14 days , but this time limit is frequently exceeded .
they are expected so far as practicable to make decisions on benefit entitlement within 14 days , but this time limit is frequently [were more than] .

Where he exceeded expectation and all precedents was in making the ban total , but this clearly was just the element which was negotiable and it had the effect of extending the king 's patronage of both church and laity .
where he [were more than] expectation and all precedents was in making the ban total , but this clearly was just the element which was negotiable and it had the effect of extending the king 's patronage of both church and laity .

This success lies behind his translation to Canterbury in the following year ; thereafter , until his death in 1381 , he presided over a period of taxation the scale of which exceeded even that of the early years of the reign .
this success lies behind his translation to canterbury in the following year ; thereafter , until his death in 1381 , he presided over a period of taxation the scale of which [were more than] even that of the early years of the reign .

Of the three men , Berry was the most innately conservative and cautious ; thorough and conscientious , his ability to explore every nook and cranny of a record deal exceeded even Branson 's .
of the three men , berry was the most innately conservative and cautious ; thorough and conscientious , his ability to explore every nook and cranny of a record deal [were more than] even branson 's .

If Virgin exceeded their overdraft by so much as £25 , the cheque would , alas , be returned marked ‘ refer to drawer ’ .
if virgin [were more than] their overdraft by so much as £25 , the cheque would , alas , be returned marked ‘ refer to drawer ’ .

When he applied for judicial review he did not know whether his tariff exceeded 20 years , but on 10 April 1990 his solicitors were informed by the Home Office that it did not .
when he applied for judicial review he did not know whether his tariff [were more than] 20 years , but on 10 april 1990 his solicitors were informed by the home office that it did not .

It is said for the appellants that the decisions of Home Office ministers fixing their tariff periods were irrational , in public law terms , because they must have exceeded those recommended by the trial judge and the Lord Chief Justice .
it is said for the appellants that the decisions of home office ministers fixing their tariff periods were irrational , in public law terms , because they must have [were more than] those recommended by the trial judge and the lord chief justice .

When the company 's overdraft exceeded £154,000 the bank sought to enforce the mortgage and obtained a registrar 's order for possession .
when the company 's overdraft [were more than] £154,000 the bank sought to enforce the mortgage and obtained a registrar 's order for possession .

The company frequently exceeded its agreed overdraft limit and , in December 1986 , the debt balance on its account stood at about £57,000 .
the company frequently [were more than] its agreed overdraft limit and , in december 1986 , the debt balance on its account stood at about £57,000 .

But the company 's indebtedness continued to grow and soon exceeded the £135,000 figure .
but the company 's indebtedness continued to grow and soon [were more than] the £135,000 figure .

One depositor alone , whose deposits exceeded half a million pounds , executed 26 assignments of £20,000 each .
one depositor alone , whose deposits [were more than] half a million pounds , executed 26 assignments of £20,000 each .

In accordance with that view , the final conclusion expressed by the Advocate General was that , in the circumstances of the Conforama and Marchandise cases , it could not be concluded that the obstacles created exceeded what was necessary for the attainment of the objective pursued or that they were out of proportion thereto .
in accordance with that view , the final conclusion expressed by the advocate general was that , in the circumstances of the conforama and marchandise cases , it could not be concluded that the obstacles created [were more than] what was necessary for the attainment of the objective pursued or that they were out of proportion thereto .

Their ambition always exceeded their grasp .
their ambition always [were more than] their grasp .

Women ratepayers , married or unmarried , had long been permitted to sit on urban and rural district councils and parish councils , so that during the late 1890s the number of women holding elected office in local government ( including Poor Law and school board work ) may well have exceeded the number holding office today .
women ratepayers , married or unmarried , had long been permitted to sit on urban and rural district councils and parish councils , so that during the late 1890s the number of women holding elected office in local government ( including poor law and school board work ) may well have [were more than] the number holding office today .

But in the Baigneuse Braque 's vision exceeded his technical means .
but in the baigneuse braque 's vision [were more than] his technical means .

In many places in Europe , fallout from Chernobyl exceeded the peak of the weapons testing fallout in 1963 ( figure 5.7 ; Thomas and Martin , 1986 ) .
in many places in europe , fallout from chernobyl [were more than] the peak of the weapons testing fallout in 1963 ( figure 5.7 ; thomas and martin , 1986 ) .

The air quality management strategy , sometimes referred to as the air resource management strategy , involves designating the level of pollution deemed acceptable in terms of a set of ambient ( outdoor ) air quality standards and then controlling pollutant emissions to ensure that these legal limits are not exceeded ( Weber , 1982 ) .
the air quality management strategy , sometimes referred to as the air resource management strategy , involves designating the level of pollution deemed acceptable in terms of a set of ambient ( outdoor ) air quality standards and then controlling pollutant emissions to ensure that these legal limits are not [were more than] ( weber , 1982 ) .

In 1988 , over 120 million people were breathing air which exceeded at least one of the health-based air quality standards , that is , nearly half the population of the country .
in 1988 , over 120 million people were breathing air which [were more than] at least one of the health-based air quality standards , that is , nearly half the population of the country .

Precipitation over the ocean is low , in volume probably exceeded five or six times by the fresh water that pours in from the rivers ( Rudels , 1987 ) , locally diluting the surface layer .
precipitation over the ocean is low , in volume probably [were more than] five or six times by the fresh water that pours in from the rivers ( rudels , 1987 ) , locally diluting the surface layer .

as if to make up for this , in the fourth year the number of teacher-days shot up to 1,254 , an amount of time exceeded only by courses devoted to specific professional roles .
as if to make up for this , in the fourth year the number of teacher-days shot up to 1,254 , an amount of time [were more than] only by courses devoted to specific professional roles .

Moscow has increased the number of countries with which it has commercial dealings from four in 1960 to over twenty by the end of the 1970s , but the volume of trade has not exceeded $ 30 million with more than eight ( Argentina , Brazil , Uruguay , Peru , Bolivia , Mexico , Colombia and Nicaragua ) and it is only with Argentina , Brazil and Nicaragua that it has risen above the $ 100 million level .
moscow has increased the number of countries with which it has commercial dealings from four in 1960 to over twenty by the end of the 1970s , but the volume of trade has not [were more than] $ 30 million with more than eight ( argentina , brazil , uruguay , peru , bolivia , mexico , colombia and nicaragua ) and it is only with argentina , brazil and nicaragua that it has risen above the $ 100 million level .

Subdued housing market turnover since the end of 1988 has also made it difficult for borrowers to clear arrears by trading down , and some may have thought it in their best interests to default once their mortgages exceeded the value of their homes — although the borrower in this situation still remains legally liable for any outstanding debt after the property has been sold .
subdued housing market turnover since the end of 1988 has also made it difficult for borrowers to clear arrears by trading down , and some may have thought it in their best interests to default once their mortgages [were more than] the value of their homes — although the borrower in this situation still remains legally liable for any outstanding debt after the property has been sold .

It is obvious that in future very few council houses will be built , and in 1987 sales exceeded total completions by local authorities , new town corporations , and housing associations by more than four to one .
it is obvious that in future very few council houses will be built , and in 1987 sales [were more than] total completions by local authorities , new town corporations , and housing associations by more than four to one .

The incomes thought to be needed exceeded the amounts available under the social security system by 61 per cent .
the incomes thought to be needed [were more than] the amounts available under the social security system by 61 per cent .

In October 1989 , for example , the Unemployment Unit figure exceeded the Department of Employment count by more than 589,000 .
in october 1989 , for example , the unemployment unit figure [were more than] the department of employment count by more than 589,000 .

Seventeen suppliers did n't give any details to measure water quality against , no information on maximum permitted levels and no data about how many samples exceeded the maximum .
seventeen suppliers did n't give any details to measure water quality against , no information on maximum permitted levels and no data about how many samples [were more than] the maximum .

By contrast , all northern regions suffered badly in the early 1980s and only Wales exceeded the national rate of recovery in 1984–87 ( Table 4.2 ) .
by contrast , all northern regions suffered badly in the early 1980s and only wales [were more than] the national rate of recovery in 1984–87 ( table 4.2 ) .

In every one of the 13 Inner London Boroughs the population decrease exceeded 10 per cent between 1971 and 1981 ; in Kensington and Chelsea the actual decrease was almost 29 per cent .
in every one of the 13 inner london boroughs the population decrease [were more than] 10 per cent between 1971 and 1981 ; in kensington and chelsea the actual decrease was almost 29 per cent .

Traffic volumes soon rose after the war , and in 1949 the number of motor cars in use once more exceeded 2 million , the 1939 figure .
traffic volumes soon rose after the war , and in 1949 the number of motor cars in use once more [were more than] 2 million , the 1939 figure .

Where an earlier generation of natural theologians had assumed that Nature would heal itself , Marsh emphasized that some acts of destruction exceeded the earth 's recuperative powers :
where an earlier generation of natural theologians had assumed that nature would heal itself , marsh emphasized that some acts of destruction [were more than] the earth 's recuperative powers :

Where these heights are exceeded the storage will be considered Extra High Hazard High Piled Storage and the appropriate ‘ densities of water application ’ and ‘ areas of operation ’ for ceiling level protection are shown in the following tables extracted from the Fire Offices ' Committee Rules .
where these heights are [were more than] the storage will be considered extra high hazard high piled storage and the appropriate ‘ densities of water application ’ and ‘ areas of operation ’ for ceiling level protection are shown in the following tables extracted from the fire offices ' committee rules .

Their legitimate trade may have exceeded their opium trade , but it was their hard-currency resources from opium sales which gave them primacy among the foreign merchants in Canton .
their legitimate trade may have [were more than] their opium trade , but it was their hard-currency resources from opium sales which gave them primacy among the foreign merchants in canton .

In 1855 the partners ' output of manufactured iron exceeded 120,000 tons ; they employed 4,000 people and consumed 600,000 tons of coal .
in 1855 the partners ' output of manufactured iron [were more than] 120,000 tons ; they employed 4,000 people and consumed 600,000 tons of coal .

Thereafter his landed income always exceeded that from the law , and was wisely diversified by moneylending , often on mortgage , and by investment in trade , coalmining , and salt manufacture .
thereafter his landed income always [were more than] that from the law , and was wisely diversified by moneylending , often on mortgage , and by investment in trade , coalmining , and salt manufacture .

His family 's local consequence reached a level exceeded only by the Seymours and the Herberts ; like theirs , it flowed from success at court .
his family 's local consequence reached a level [were more than] only by the seymours and the herberts ; like theirs , it flowed from success at court .

Though his reputation as a craftsman equalled , if not exceeded , his father 's , as a businessman he was a failure , being declared bankrupt in 1751 .
though his reputation as a craftsman equalled , if not [were more than] , his father 's , as a businessman he was a failure , being declared bankrupt in 1751 .

By 1859 the collection exceeded 1,400 pictures ; sculpture , bronzes , antique gems and cameos , enamels , coins , carvings , miniatures , and manuscripts also formed part of the collection .
by 1859 the collection [were more than] 1,400 pictures ; sculpture , bronzes , antique gems and cameos , enamels , coins , carvings , miniatures , and manuscripts also formed part of the collection .

Almost immediately he became the anchorman of the Hampshire batting and he was to score over 1,000 runs in a season twenty-seven times , including twice when he passed the 3,000 mark , and nine times when he exceeded 2,000 .
almost immediately he became the anchorman of the hampshire batting and he was to score over 1,000 runs in a season twenty-seven times , including twice when he passed the 3,000 mark , and nine times when he [were more than] 2,000 .

wrote that it exceeded ‘ all others in the British Empire , if not in the whole world , for the value of its contents ’ .
wrote that it [were more than] ‘ all others in the british empire , if not in the whole world , for the value of its contents ’ .

Hutchinson seems to have resumed his part in a family transatlantic trading network ; although according to tradition his losses in the great fire of London exceeded £60,000 , he seems to have died a wealthy man .
hutchinson seems to have resumed his part in a family transatlantic trading network ; although according to tradition his losses in the great fire of london [were more than] £60,000 , he seems to have died a wealthy man .

x is exceeded by y took longer to sort than a same meaning pair like :
x is [were more than] by y took longer to sort than a same meaning pair like :

x is exceeded by y .
x is [were more than] by y .

The student will no doubt come across scores in which these numbers are exceeded ( e.g. among the works of Wagner , Strauss , Mahler , Stravinsky , Holst , etc. ) , but the above specification is , as we have said , the normal one and it is inadvisable for economic reasons to expand it unless , of course , extra instruments are absolutely indispensable for the full expression of the composer 's ideas .
the student will no doubt come across scores in which these numbers are [were more than] ( e.g. among the works of wagner , strauss , mahler , stravinsky , holst , etc. ) , but the above specification is , as we have said , the normal one and it is inadvisable for economic reasons to expand it unless , of course , extra instruments are absolutely indispensable for the full expression of the composer 's ideas .

’ It was 1852 before freight receipts exceeded passenger receipts and it was around the same time that the railways overtook the canals to become the principal freight carriers .
’ it was 1852 before freight receipts [were more than] passenger receipts and it was around the same time that the railways overtook the canals to become the principal freight carriers .

Bodies massive enough to excavate maria have been few in number though such bodies need not have exceeded about 100 km in diameter .
bodies massive enough to excavate maria have been few in number though such bodies need not have [were more than] about 100 km in diameter .

He felt sure he had exceeded Jeopardy 's expectations .
he felt sure he had [were more than] jeopardy 's expectations .

The hire desk made a phonecall on the first credit card that he offered , and then told him that he 'd exceeded his limit and they could n't take the charge .
the hire desk made a phonecall on the first credit card that he offered , and then told him that he 'd [were more than] his limit and they could n't take the charge .

The response times , as measured at the central computer , show that there were no days in April when response times exceeded 2 seconds .
the response times , as measured at the central computer , show that there were no days in april when response times [were more than] 2 seconds .

The team at St Andrew Square exceeded their annual target by two sales and are confident there are more to come before the end of the year .
the team at st andrew square [were more than] their annual target by two sales and are confident there are more to come before the end of the year .

The North of England Branch Award went to Nottingham Old Market Square , which also exceeded its annual target and at the end of March had 22 customers using Royline .
the north of england branch award went to nottingham old market square , which also [were more than] its annual target and at the end of march had 22 customers using royline .

‘ By lunchtime we were well on our way to reaching this , ’ said Newsline correspondent Stephanie Lessels , ‘ and by 4.45pm we had exceeded 150 miles . ’
‘ by lunchtime we were well on our way to reaching this , ’ said newsline correspondent stephanie lessels , ‘ and by 4.45pm we had [were more than] 150 miles . ’

It is evident that the government 's targets for children of school age and young adults may be exceeded in Lothian but that those for pre-school children and adults may not .
it is evident that the government 's targets for children of school age and young adults may be [were more than] in lothian but that those for pre-school children and adults may not .

Not surprisingly , the final cost of presenting the case has exceeded the prediction of £30,000 , at around £36,000 .
not surprisingly , the final cost of presenting the case has [were more than] the prediction of £30,000 , at around £36,000 .

Applications from companies wishing to build wind power farms have exceeded Energy Secretary John Wakeham 's expectations by 100 per cent .
applications from companies wishing to build wind power farms have [were more than] energy secretary john wakeham 's expectations by 100 per cent .

According to their research , 18 have exceeded discharge limits into the river on 859 occasions in the past five years .
according to their research , 18 have [were more than] discharge limits into the river on 859 occasions in the past five years .

( iii ) In ( a ) or ( b ) above the experience must include : ( a ) at least one case where the award or settlement was approved by the court because the plaintiff was under a disability ; and either ( b ) at least two cases of maximum severity ; or ( c ) at least four cases where the value of the claim exceeded £100,000 .
( iii ) in ( a ) or ( b ) above the experience must include : ( a ) at least one case where the award or settlement was approved by the court because the plaintiff was under a disability ; and either ( b ) at least two cases of maximum severity ; or ( c ) at least four cases where the value of the claim [were more than] £100,000 .

Where this figure is exceeded ad valorem stamp duty will be payable .
where this figure is [were more than] ad valorem stamp duty will be payable .

tower crew at speeds which exceeded 180mph .
tower crew at speeds which [were more than] 180mph .

In the south east of England ( outside London ) permissions for new private dwellings substantially exceeded the number started in every quarter since the third quarter of 1970 .
in the south east of england ( outside london ) permissions for new private dwellings substantially [were more than] the number started in every quarter since the third quarter of 1970 .

This frequently meant that the demand for money exceeded the supply of money that the authorities were prepared to permit .
this frequently meant that the demand for money [were more than] the supply of money that the authorities were prepared to permit .

The Legal Resources Group proposed a ceiling of 10 million per annum , payable at the end of the year , with claims being abated if that sum were exceeded .
the legal resources group proposed a ceiling of 10 million per annum , payable at the end of the year , with claims being abated if that sum were [were more than] .

‘ Almost as decadent as the new Mrs Guy Sterne , ’ Guy drawled teasingly , ‘ whose boundless enthusiasm for creative design in her new role as director of Chester 's Mother and Child subsidiary is exceeded only by her boundless enthusiasm for the more physical aspects of her new role as the new Mrs Guy Sterne … ouch ! ’
‘ almost as decadent as the new mrs guy sterne , ’ guy drawled teasingly , ‘ whose boundless enthusiasm for creative design in her new role as director of chester 's mother and child subsidiary is [were more than] only by her boundless enthusiasm for the more physical aspects of her new role as the new mrs guy sterne … ouch ! ’

Going back into prehistoric time even these volumes were far exceeded by the eruption of Toba , yet another volcano in the very active Indonesian region .
going back into prehistoric time even these volumes were far [were more than] by the eruption of toba , yet another volcano in the very active indonesian region .

According to Marshall , when supply exceeded demand in any market , the forces of competition would exert downward pressure on the price peculiar to that market .
according to marshall , when supply [were more than] demand in any market , the forces of competition would exert downward pressure on the price peculiar to that market .

Since the demand for labour is a decreasing function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which exceeded the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .
since the demand for labour is a decreasing function of the real wage rate and the supply of labour is ( perhaps ) an increasing function of the real wage rate , they argued that the origins of general unemployment could be traced to the maintenance of a real wage rate , w 1 , which [were more than] the market clearing real wage rate , w * ; .

The general level of wages exceeded the marginal disutility of employment .
the general level of wages [were more than] the marginal disutility of employment .

The general proposition was that inflationary expectations would be revised upwards when the actual , realized rate of inflation exceeded the expected rate of inflation .
the general proposition was that inflationary expectations would be revised upwards when the actual , realized rate of inflation [were more than] the expected rate of inflation .

Where goodwill still has to be valued in relation to payments to outgoing partners , one of two bases is likely to be used : ( 1 ) excess profits , that is to say the amount by which an outgoing partner 's profit share exceeded ( a ) what he might have been expected to earn as an employed solicitor , and ( b ) the income he might have been expected to receive from investing his capital contributions in safe securities ; or , and much more frequently , ( 2 ) the average net profits of the partner concerned .
where goodwill still has to be valued in relation to payments to outgoing partners , one of two bases is likely to be used : ( 1 ) excess profits , that is to say the amount by which an outgoing partner 's profit share [were more than] ( a ) what he might have been expected to earn as an employed solicitor , and ( b ) the income he might have been expected to receive from investing his capital contributions in safe securities ; or , and much more frequently , ( 2 ) the average net profits of the partner concerned .

Payment of that deferred consideration depended on the amount by which the acquired company 's sales exceeded a certain figure .
payment of that deferred consideration depended on the amount by which the acquired company 's sales [were more than] a certain figure .

In the case of a purchaser issuing quoted shares , the difficulties of knowing whether the 10 per cent threshold is exceeded and whether class tests are appropriate are compounded if the total consideration has not been determined and depends on completion accounts or an earn out .
in the case of a purchaser issuing quoted shares , the difficulties of knowing whether the 10 per cent threshold is [were more than] and whether class tests are appropriate are compounded if the total consideration has not been determined and depends on completion accounts or an earn out .

Scientists from the Oxford-based Water Research Centre estimate that the new standard is currently exceeded in around 4 million homes in Britain , and that meeting it will require removing all lead piping from homes .
scientists from the oxford-based water research centre estimate that the new standard is currently [were more than] in around 4 million homes in britain , and that meeting it will require removing all lead piping from homes .

Even so , there were 129 days during the year when ozone exceeded the federal safety standards , and on 100 of those days public health warnings were issued .
even so , there were 129 days during the year when ozone [were more than] the federal safety standards , and on 100 of those days public health warnings were issued .

According to the report , 42 of the 56 mills investigated ( out of a total of 100 in Britain ) had exceeded their discharge limits at least once in the two years to March 1992 , and the eight worst offenders had done so on at least half the occasions when effluent was tested .
according to the report , 42 of the 56 mills investigated ( out of a total of 100 in britain ) had [were more than] their discharge limits at least once in the two years to march 1992 , and the eight worst offenders had done so on at least half the occasions when effluent was tested .

It points out that , if `` rights `` to carbon emissions were based on population density , then the North would already have exceeded its `` quota `` , and would be in debt to the South .
it points out that , if `` rights `` to carbon emissions were based on population density , then the north would already have [were more than] its `` quota `` , and would be in debt to the south .

The foundation brought the case after it had examined government records showing that the companies had exceeded pollution limits consistently since 1984 .
the foundation brought the case after it had examined government records showing that the companies had [were more than] pollution limits consistently since 1984 .

The following year , the figure exceeded 10 % and in 1982 , 12.3 % of the workforce was unemployed — over 3 million individuals in all .
the following year , the figure [were more than] 10 % and in 1982 , 12.3 % of the workforce was unemployed — over 3 million individuals in all .

The rise in wages exceeded the rise in inflation .
the rise in wages [were more than] the rise in inflation .

Often the best that one engineer can do is , in any case , exceeded by the best that another engineer can do , especially another who lives later in the history of technology .
often the best that one engineer can do is , in any case , [were more than] by the best that another engineer can do , especially another who lives later in the history of technology .

Richard by contrast may well have exceeded his father 's expectations .
richard by contrast may well have [were more than] his father 's expectations .

Germany 's high-technology/ electronics exports in the early 1970s exceeded those of France and Britain combined .
germany 's high-technology/ electronics exports in the early 1970s [were more than] those of france and britain combined .

If France had exceeded its authority it would have been in breach of this agreement , but the effects on the relationship between Morocco and a third party are less clear .
if france had [were more than] its authority it would have been in breach of this agreement , but the effects on the relationship between morocco and a third party are less clear .

The number of boys quickly exceeded 250 — by the end of the year there were 256 ; by the end of the decade , 324 .
the number of boys quickly [were more than] 250 — by the end of the year there were 256 ; by the end of the decade , 324 .

By 1960 there were 454 in the Senior School ( including 105 in the Sixth Form ) , and 158 in the Junior School ; applications for the 29 Senior places exceeded 300 .
by 1960 there were 454 in the senior school ( including 105 in the sixth form ) , and 158 in the junior school ; applications for the 29 senior places [were more than] 300 .

It was worthy of the great adventurers and explorers who had set out from its quays , and at that magic time of arrival after a long sea voyage , with the mist-filtered rays of the sun touching the cathedral domes and castle towers , the old city of Ulysses fulfilled and exceeded all her expectations .
it was worthy of the great adventurers and explorers who had set out from its quays , and at that magic time of arrival after a long sea voyage , with the mist-filtered rays of the sun touching the cathedral domes and castle towers , the old city of ulysses fulfilled and [were more than] all her expectations .

One can only assume that the Roman officials exceeded their authority and treated the royal family with disrespect .
one can only assume that the roman officials [were more than] their authority and treated the royal family with disrespect .

At the end of the day , an individual observer could conclude that the various costs of regulation exceeded the benefits and that therefore regulation should be abandoned , but such a conclusion , if warranted at all , is not warranted without a great deal of analysis .
at the end of the day , an individual observer could conclude that the various costs of regulation [were more than] the benefits and that therefore regulation should be abandoned , but such a conclusion , if warranted at all , is not warranted without a great deal of analysis .

In London in 1859 the illegitimacy rate was 4 per cent of all births , compared with Vienna where illegitimate births apparently exceeded legitimate .
in london in 1859 the illegitimacy rate was 4 per cent of all births , compared with vienna where illegitimate births apparently [were more than] legitimate .

One summary of London charities in 1861 estimated that 640 existed , with an annual income of £2.5 m. — which exceeded Poor Law expenditure in London .
one summary of london charities in 1861 estimated that 640 existed , with an annual income of £2.5 m. — which [were more than] poor law expenditure in london .

During the first decade it seems , on average , to have run below £200,000 , although it sometimes exceeded that figure .
during the first decade it seems , on average , to have run below £200,000 , although it sometimes [were more than] that figure .

In the first part of her reign she relied mainly upon the Antwerp money-market , where her debts in 1560 exceeded £272,000 .
in the first part of her reign she relied mainly upon the antwerp money-market , where her debts in 1560 [were more than] £272,000 .

Prewar production levels were not regained until the early 1950s , and not until even later were 1930s agricultural productivity levels exceeded .
prewar production levels were not regained until the early 1950s , and not until even later were 1930s agricultural productivity levels [were more than] .

’ That he did not escape a final censorship has been attributed to Urban 's discovery of the 1616 injunction , as recorded in the file , and to his realization that Galileo had exceeded his perception of what had been allowed .
’ that he did not escape a final censorship has been attributed to urban 's discovery of the 1616 injunction , as recorded in the file , and to his realization that galileo had [were more than] his perception of what had been allowed .

On an application for judicial review , the High Court may decide that the Secretary of State has exceeded the powers conferred on him by Parliament , or acted in a way that was irrational or procedurally unfair .
on an application for judicial review , the high court may decide that the secretary of state has [were more than] the powers conferred on him by parliament , or acted in a way that was irrational or procedurally unfair .

After reaching a peak of 40,000 in 1970 and 1971 , the numbers in prison fell in 1972 and 1973 , but the 40,000 threshold was exceeded again in 1975 .
after reaching a peak of 40,000 in 1970 and 1971 , the numbers in prison fell in 1972 and 1973 , but the 40,000 threshold was [were more than] again in 1975 .

There the higher number of offenders sentenced to imprisonment , augmented by a burgeoning population of unconvicted persons remanded in custody awaiting trial , regularly exceeded the capacity of the prison system to contain them in acceptable conditions .
there the higher number of offenders sentenced to imprisonment , augmented by a burgeoning population of unconvicted persons remanded in custody awaiting trial , regularly [were more than] the capacity of the prison system to contain them in acceptable conditions .

Excluding the minimal spillover benefits , one cost-benefit study concluded that the net benefits of the EPZs , in terms of jobs , trade and local purchases , had grown to the point where by 1982 they exceeded the costs of providing infrastructure and of foregone tax revenue ( Warr , 1987 : pp .
excluding the minimal spillover benefits , one cost-benefit study concluded that the net benefits of the epzs , in terms of jobs , trade and local purchases , had grown to the point where by 1982 they [were more than] the costs of providing infrastructure and of foregone tax revenue ( warr , 1987 : pp .

They are unfortunately exceeded in number by the famous names of the past who clung to what they knew best without being prepared to adapt or change , and slowly but inexorably saw their business disappearing beneath them .
they are unfortunately [were more than] in number by the famous names of the past who clung to what they knew best without being prepared to adapt or change , and slowly but inexorably saw their business disappearing beneath them .

By three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate exceeded that of a control population.This enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection criteria were not explicit .
by three to five years after surgery the actuarial survival rate [were more than] that of a control population.this enhanced survival may reflect the fact that patients referred for surgery were highly selected , and an important limitation of these data is that the selection criteria were not explicit .

Under a quarter of respondents provided specific teaching , which rarely exceeded 30 minutes weekly .
under a quarter of respondents provided specific teaching , which rarely [were more than] 30 minutes weekly .

When full employment was reached and demand exceeded supply , inflation was likely to follow , but this could be counteracted by reducing demand so that it came back into line with supply .
when full employment was reached and demand [were more than] supply , inflation was likely to follow , but this could be counteracted by reducing demand so that it came back into line with supply .

There are times when this limit can be exceeded , but it is a good enough rule .
there are times when this limit can be [were more than] , but it is a good enough rule .

Yet what distinguishes the structure of Japanese industry is not only the high death rate of companies but the fact that even in the severe recession of the mid-1970s , the birth rate of new small firms exceeded the number of bankruptcies by 50 per cent .
yet what distinguishes the structure of japanese industry is not only the high death rate of companies but the fact that even in the severe recession of the mid-1970s , the birth rate of new small firms [were more than] the number of bankruptcies by 50 per cent .

Fitzgerald found that for some books , an increase to six or even nine samples actually produced means which systematically departed even further from the population mean — the true overall difficulty level , Only after the number of samples taken approached or exceeded the critical number did the mean of the samples agree with the population mean .
fitzgerald found that for some books , an increase to six or even nine samples actually produced means which systematically departed even further from the population mean — the true overall difficulty level , only after the number of samples taken approached or [were more than] the critical number did the mean of the samples agree with the population mean .

Its length of 422 kilometres is exceeded — just exceeded — only by New York 's network .
its length of 422 kilometres is [were more than] — just [were more than] — only by new york 's network .

Follow washing instructions when using soluble products , to ensure recommended temperature is not exceeded when soaking the clothes .
follow washing instructions when using soluble products , to ensure recommended temperature is not [were more than] when soaking the clothes .

Both were typically unificatory as well as emancipatory , though in the latter case the reach exceeded the grasp more frequently than in the earlier .
both were typically unificatory as well as emancipatory , though in the latter case the reach [were more than] the grasp more frequently than in the earlier .

It took him a considerable time to do so but he succeeded and left a deep mark on Korea only equalled or exceeded by his arch-rival , Kim Il Sung in north Korea .
it took him a considerable time to do so but he succeeded and left a deep mark on korea only equalled or [were more than] by his arch-rival , kim il sung in north korea .

Turnips and clover , for example , may not have been really widely used until the nineteenth century , and the diffusion of knowledge across the countryside may not have exceeded a mile a year from the points of origin ( Deane 1979 ) .
turnips and clover , for example , may not have been really widely used until the nineteenth century , and the diffusion of knowledge across the countryside may not have [were more than] a mile a year from the points of origin ( deane 1979 ) .

However Denmark and the Netherlands had both exceeded 51 .
however denmark and the netherlands had both [were more than] 51 .

Despite lower British fertility levels , migration out of England exceeded 100,000 per year by 1870 ; 3–5 per 1,000 population , representing up to a third of natural increase ( Baines 1985 ) .
despite lower british fertility levels , migration out of england [were more than] 100,000 per year by 1870 ; 3–5 per 1,000 population , representing up to a third of natural increase ( baines 1985 ) .

Population had not previously exceeded five million and growth had seldom exceeded 0.5 per cent per year , which may have been the maximum that the underlying economy could sustain ( Lee 1986 ) .
population had not previously [were more than] five million and growth had seldom [were more than] 0.5 per cent per year , which may have been the maximum that the underlying economy could sustain ( lee 1986 ) .

However , since the Glasgow study began 18 months earlier than the Wirral survey , and since prevalence was estimated to be on the increase , it is possible that the rate of known opioid use in Glasgow exceeded that in Wirral by 1984–5 .
however , since the glasgow study began 18 months earlier than the wirral survey , and since prevalence was estimated to be on the increase , it is possible that the rate of known opioid use in glasgow [were more than] that in wirral by 1984–5 .

The great depression of the 1930s during which unemployment never fell below nine per cent and at one point exceeded twenty-two per cent , meant that a large section of the population was dependent on insurance and assistance benefits .
the great depression of the 1930s during which unemployment never fell below nine per cent and at one point [were more than] twenty-two per cent , meant that a large section of the population was dependent on insurance and assistance benefits .

However , Melford councillor Richard Kemp , Babergh 's personnel committee chairman and Mr Stevens ' rival for the Melford seat on Suffolk County Council , said Mr Stevens had exceeded his brief .
however , melford councillor richard kemp , babergh 's personnel committee chairman and mr stevens ' rival for the melford seat on suffolk county council , said mr stevens had [were more than] his brief .

Cumulative historic production exceeded 130000 tonnes of copper metal .
cumulative historic production [were more than] 130000 tonnes of copper metal .

In its first full year , entry levels for Euroqualifications exceeded all expectations with 72 per cent of candidates attaining passes , credits or distinctions .
in its first full year , entry levels for euroqualifications [were more than] all expectations with 72 per cent of candidates attaining passes , credits or distinctions .

‘ It exceeded all of our most optimistic expectations , ’ said Tim Jackson , head of Survey and Seismic Quality .
‘ it [were more than] all of our most optimistic expectations , ’ said tim jackson , head of survey and seismic quality .

In 1989/90 , the million mark was passed in May and the total for the whole session exceeded 1.1 million .
in 1989/90 , the million mark was passed in may and the total for the whole session [were more than] 1.1 million .

Policy limit exceeded , therefore payment would be policy limit ie. £200 .
policy limit [were more than] , therefore payment would be policy limit ie. £200 .

Head Office Branch Claims , to whom any claim in excess of the branch handling limit is reported , will advise the appropriate department of any claims where the retention is exceeded .
head office branch claims , to whom any claim in excess of the branch handling limit is reported , will advise the appropriate department of any claims where the retention is [were more than] .

conceded 's point that whatever savings in audit fees might be made by bringing the detailed work in-house would probably be exceeded by increased overall cost .
conceded 's point that whatever savings in audit fees might be made by bringing the detailed work in-house would probably be [were more than] by increased overall cost .

For the first time , the number of full-time students exceeded 4000 , of whom 3250 were undergraduates , over 600 were postgraduates on taught courses and almost 200 were postgraduate research students .
for the first time , the number of full-time students [were more than] 4000 , of whom 3250 were undergraduates , over 600 were postgraduates on taught courses and almost 200 were postgraduate research students .

The overall student target for the School was exceeded with virtually every subject reaching or exceeding its target .
the overall student target for the school was [were more than] with virtually every subject reaching or exceeding its target .

At the end of the year , applications indicated that targets would be exceeded again in 1992/93 .
at the end of the year , applications indicated that targets would be [were more than] again in 1992/93 .

the knock-back effects on closures and capacity reductions in schools elsewhere , is such that school capacities will be exceeded and excessive resource commitment precipitated .
the knock-back effects on closures and capacity reductions in schools elsewhere , is such that school capacities will be [were more than] and excessive resource commitment precipitated .

‘ Nevertheless the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have exceeded their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .
‘ nevertheless the fact remains that disciplinary action against officials who may have [were more than] their duties or wilfully abused the position of responsibility with which they have been entrusted is a purely internal matter which will be carried out , should the situation warrant it , by the appropriate authorities at the appropriate time .

In normal subjects , the internal anal sphincter showed anal pressure increases upon deflating the rectal baloon that exceeded the predistending values ( rebound response ) .
in normal subjects , the internal anal sphincter showed anal pressure increases upon deflating the rectal baloon that [were more than] the predistending values ( rebound response ) .

Linear discriminant analysis showed that polyp recurrence could be predicted with 71 % accuracy when the compartment 4+5 labelling index exceeded 3.5 .
linear discriminant analysis showed that polyp recurrence could be predicted with 71 % accuracy when the compartment 4+5 labelling index [were more than] 3.5 .

This pattern of epidemics may explain the broad movement of wages in the mid fifteenth century , for the 1440s , 1450s and 1470s , when it is logical to assume that deaths were more likely to have exceeded births , were precisely those decades when wages were highest .
this pattern of epidemics may explain the broad movement of wages in the mid fifteenth century , for the 1440s , 1450s and 1470s , when it is logical to assume that deaths were more likely to have [were more than] births , were precisely those decades when wages were highest .

Its share of wool exports rose too , though less strikingly , in 1374–75 and 1424–25 the figure was between 40 and 45 per cent , by 1474–75 it exceeded 50 per cent and in 1524–25 it was 66 per cent .
its share of wool exports rose too , though less strikingly , in 1374–75 and 1424–25 the figure was between 40 and 45 per cent , by 1474–75 it [were more than] 50 per cent and in 1524–25 it was 66 per cent .

‘ Among the world 's leaders ’ means that the United States should have capabilities and infrastructures of support that are not exceeded elsewhere .
‘ among the world 's leaders ’ means that the united states should have capabilities and infrastructures of support that are not [were more than] elsewhere .

Only if the benefit withdrawal rate exceeded 100 per cent would the individual actually be worse off under such a proposal .
only if the benefit withdrawal rate [were more than] 100 per cent would the individual actually be worse off under such a proposal .

In spite of its limited aims and low-level implementation , the success of this prototype exceeded all reasonable expectations .
in spite of its limited aims and low-level implementation , the success of this prototype [were more than] all reasonable expectations .

Consequently , the space in the hard copy directory may be exceeded although no volume is full .
consequently , the space in the hard copy directory may be [were more than] although no volume is full .

At the end of the formatting process , any volume whose minimum fill mark has been exceeded but is not 100 % full , is filled with ‘ formatted blank pages ’ .
at the end of the formatting process , any volume whose minimum fill mark has been [were more than] but is not 100 % full , is filled with ‘ formatted blank pages ’ .

1402 Maximum package depth exceeded — repeat listing at a lower level package .
1402 maximum package depth [were more than] — repeat listing at a lower level package .

Maximum number of user mappings exceeded in configuration file
maximum number of user mappings [were more than] in configuration file

You should check that you have not exceeded your disk quota .
you should check that you have not [were more than] your disk quota .

Module not read out — maximum wait time exceeded
module not read out — maximum wait time [were more than]

the maximum number of modules specified in the steering file is not exceeded ( see Limitations below ) .
the maximum number of modules specified in the steering file is not [were more than] ( see limitations below ) .

the maximum number of packages to be approved is not exceeded ( see Limitations below )
the maximum number of packages to be approved is not [were more than] ( see limitations below )

Maximum number of updated modules exceeded
maximum number of updated modules [were more than]

Maximum number of packages to be approved exceeded
maximum number of packages to be approved [were more than]

If it is imperative that the budget should not be exceeded , the contingency should be adequate to cover all possibilities .
if it is imperative that the budget should not be [were more than] , the contingency should be adequate to cover all possibilities .

The House responded to Bush 's intervention by voting on June 20 , by 327 votes to 93 , to override the presidential veto , a margin which comfortably exceeded the requisite two-thirds majority .
the house responded to bush 's intervention by voting on june 20 , by 327 votes to 93 , to override the presidential veto , a margin which comfortably [were more than] the requisite two-thirds majority .

Domenico Sica , the High Commissioner responsible for co-ordinating the fight against the Mafia [ see p. 36433 for his appointment in August 1988 ] , was in March 1990 accused of having exceeded his powers , in that he had conducted rather than co-ordinated police investigations [ see pp .
domenico sica , the high commissioner responsible for co-ordinating the fight against the mafia [ see p. 36433 for his appointment in august 1988 ] , was in march 1990 accused of having [were more than] his powers , in that he had conducted rather than co-ordinated police investigations [ see pp .

The electoral rules also provided for a second round poll for county list seats in counties where the first round turnout was less than 50 per cent , and allowed for such a second poll to be valid provided that turnout exceeded 25 per cent .
the electoral rules also provided for a second round poll for county list seats in counties where the first round turnout was less than 50 per cent , and allowed for such a second poll to be valid provided that turnout [were more than] 25 per cent .

The reduced deficit was to be achieved by ( i ) a 13.2 per cent reduction in investment spending ( although unused investment allocations for 1988 were to be carried over into 1989 ; and ( ii ) the raising of direct and indirect taxes by 29.7 per cent and 23.3 per cent respectively ( although this was largely a reflection of the fact that actual tax yields in 1988 exceeded 1988 budget projections by some 20 per cent ) .
the reduced deficit was to be achieved by ( i ) a 13.2 per cent reduction in investment spending ( although unused investment allocations for 1988 were to be carried over into 1989 ; and ( ii ) the raising of direct and indirect taxes by 29.7 per cent and 23.3 per cent respectively ( although this was largely a reflection of the fact that actual tax yields in 1988 [were more than] 1988 budget projections by some 20 per cent ) .

New lending to the developing world had fallen by nearly $ 8,800 million to $ 86,900 million , while capital repayments were $ 70,300 million , giving an inflow of new loans of $ 16,600 million , the lowest of the decade and an amount greatly exceeded by the burden of interest payments .
new lending to the developing world had fallen by nearly $ 8,800 million to $ 86,900 million , while capital repayments were $ 70,300 million , giving an inflow of new loans of $ 16,600 million , the lowest of the decade and an amount greatly [were more than] by the burden of interest payments .

The convertible currency trade surplus reached $540,000,000 , which was $40,000,000 short of the target , but exceeded the previous year 's figure by $24,000,000 .
the convertible currency trade surplus reached $540,000,000 , which was $40,000,000 short of the target , but [were more than] the previous year 's figure by $24,000,000 .

By August 1989 export volumes exceeded 70,000 cubic metres , with a value higher than that of total timber exports for 1988 .
by august 1989 export volumes [were more than] 70,000 cubic metres , with a value higher than that of total timber exports for 1988 .

While this single figure conceals sharp year-to-year fluctuations as well as a secular upward trend , it is noteworthy that sums raised over this period by bond finance ( including convertible bonds ) exceeded those raised by the issue of ordinary shares and also exceeded the sums raised for the government by the sale of gilt-edged securities .
while this single figure conceals sharp year-to-year fluctuations as well as a secular upward trend , it is noteworthy that sums raised over this period by bond finance ( including convertible bonds ) [were more than] those raised by the issue of ordinary shares and also [were more than] the sums raised for the government by the sale of gilt-edged securities .

This discouraged companies from issuing fixed-rate securities to such an extent that , over the years 1973 – 1980 , redemptions exceeded gross issues and net issues were negative .
this discouraged companies from issuing fixed-rate securities to such an extent that , over the years 1973 – 1980 , redemptions [were more than] gross issues and net issues were negative .

Since , in the last stage of the reform 's passage , the State Council reduced the maximum size of peasant allotments to a point where many existing peasant holdings exceeded it , the provision for `` trimming `` came into operation very frequently .
since , in the last stage of the reform 's passage , the state council reduced the maximum size of peasant allotments to a point where many existing peasant holdings [were more than] it , the provision for `` trimming `` came into operation very frequently .

The sums they received , moreover , usually exceeded the value of the land they gave up .
the sums they received , moreover , usually [were more than] the value of the land they gave up .

Implicitly , exit costs exceeded costs of entry , largely due to the sunk costs of contacts , reputation and privileged access to information on market movements ( on the demand side ) and expertise ( on the cost side ) built up over time .
implicitly , exit costs [were more than] costs of entry , largely due to the sunk costs of contacts , reputation and privileged access to information on market movements ( on the demand side ) and expertise ( on the cost side ) built up over time .

Parties will then negotiate as to whether once the limit is exceeded the full amount or merely the excess is claimable .
parties will then negotiate as to whether once the limit is [were more than] the full amount or merely the excess is claimable .

Where the target has exceeded any profit or net asset tests at completion , the vendor may also wish to take this excess into account .
where the target has [were more than] any profit or net asset tests at completion , the vendor may also wish to take this excess into account .

Estimates of the likely time costs for each stage of the assignment would be provided in advance and Big would be informed immediately if it appeared that our cost estimate was likely to be exceeded .
estimates of the likely time costs for each stage of the assignment would be provided in advance and big would be informed immediately if it appeared that our cost estimate was likely to be [were more than] .

Two weeks ago Antrim exceeded even their own expectations by drawing with league champions Limerick in their own backyard .
two weeks ago antrim [were more than] even their own expectations by drawing with league champions limerick in their own backyard .

The correlation of peer ratings with total influence exceeded the correlations with qualitative assessment or publication counts alone .
the correlation of peer ratings with total influence [were more than] the correlations with qualitative assessment or publication counts alone .

Once this oscillation amplitude is exceeded the motor torque causes the rotor to move towards an alternative step position which is a complete rotor tooth pitch from the expected position [ see Fig .
once this oscillation amplitude is [were more than] the motor torque causes the rotor to move towards an alternative step position which is a complete rotor tooth pitch from the expected position [ see fig .

We all know that species come and go with frightening rapidity ( in fact Homo sapiens has already exceeded the life expectancy of most species ) .
we all know that species come and go with frightening rapidity ( in fact homo sapiens has already [were more than] the life expectancy of most species ) .

If entitlements are exceeded , the system will issue the relevant warning message and stop pay .
if entitlements are [were more than] , the system will issue the relevant warning message and stop pay .

, although it seems to have grown to considerable size and may have exceeded 70 acres ( 28 ha ) .
, although it seems to have grown to considerable size and may have [were more than] 70 acres ( 28 ha ) .

Total international bank lending from London exceeded $ 1,300 billion in 1991 , or about 18 % of total international bank lending .
total international bank lending from london [were more than] $ 1,300 billion in 1991 , or about 18 % of total international bank lending .

This has brought about a shake-out of labour in the financial services sector , where employment growth had exceeded 5 % per annum between 1979 and 1990 .
this has brought about a shake-out of labour in the financial services sector , where employment growth had [were more than] 5 % per annum between 1979 and 1990 .

It also seems clear from the case that a car could no longer answer the description ‘ new ’ once the mileage it had travelled under its own power significantly exceeded the distance from the point of manufacture to the dealer .
it also seems clear from the case that a car could no longer answer the description ‘ new ’ once the mileage it had travelled under its own power significantly [were more than] the distance from the point of manufacture to the dealer .

For someone who is definitely not on the pay-roll at Borland , suffice it to say that Quatro Pro for Windows is an exciting product which exceeded my expectations and is a pleasure to work with .
for someone who is definitely not on the pay-roll at borland , suffice it to say that quatro pro for windows is an exciting product which [were more than] my expectations and is a pleasure to work with .

In lobbying for the law , the brand-name manufactures announced that their research spending exceeded $ 400 million a year .
in lobbying for the law , the brand-name manufactures announced that their research spending [were more than] $ 400 million a year .

For example , given a suitable calibrated river basin simulation program a sequence of 100 or 200 years of daily observation can be generated and estimates made of the flow level that is exceeded on average once every 10 , 50 or 100 years .
for example , given a suitable calibrated river basin simulation program a sequence of 100 or 200 years of daily observation can be generated and estimates made of the flow level that is [were more than] on average once every 10 , 50 or 100 years .

His achievements had already exceeded his highest hopes , and he anticipated equal if not greater success from the great continent .
his achievements had already [were more than] his highest hopes , and he anticipated equal if not greater success from the great continent .

Gould 's brother-in-law 's station , 160 miles from Newcastle on the coast up the Hunter River at Yarrundi , far exceeded Gould 's expectations both in size and in beauty .
gould 's brother-in-law 's station , 160 miles from newcastle on the coast up the hunter river at yarrundi , far [were more than] gould 's expectations both in size and in beauty .

Central Office experts had to confess that their harshest forecast had been far exceeded .
central office experts had to confess that their harshest forecast had been far [were more than] .

Their second phase from 1750 to 1772 , when the annual rate of formation exceeded forty a year , was one of rapid spread over most parts of the country , at the end of which more than 500 trusts repaired more than 1,500 miles of the roads of England and Wales .
their second phase from 1750 to 1772 , when the annual rate of formation [were more than] forty a year , was one of rapid spread over most parts of the country , at the end of which more than 500 trusts repaired more than 1,500 miles of the roads of england and wales .

His powers of description were yet again exceeded by that from Dunholm to Knutsbridge , but of all `` the cursed roads that ever disgraced this kingdom `` the nadir was the turnpike from Billericay to Tilbury .
his powers of description were yet again [were more than] by that from dunholm to knutsbridge , but of all `` the cursed roads that ever disgraced this kingdom `` the nadir was the turnpike from billericay to tilbury .

Of seventy-four listed ports in 1772 , 59 had less than 500 registered tons active in foreign trade , while the seven who exceeded 10,000 tons accounted for 81.7 per cent of the total .
of seventy-four listed ports in 1772 , 59 had less than 500 registered tons active in foreign trade , while the seven who [were more than] 10,000 tons accounted for 81.7 per cent of the total .

In 1785 nine ports exceeded 10,000 tons and now accounted for 86.5 per cent .
in 1785 nine ports [were more than] 10,000 tons and now accounted for 86.5 per cent .

While it is true that without the transport sector 's contribution , the overall rate of investment in the economy would not have exceeded 10 per cent of national income by 1815 , concentration on such macro-economic data tends to obscure the fact that the financing of improvements in transport was above all an example of regional capital formation .
while it is true that without the transport sector 's contribution , the overall rate of investment in the economy would not have [were more than] 10 per cent of national income by 1815 , concentration on such macro-economic data tends to obscure the fact that the financing of improvements in transport was above all an example of regional capital formation .

Output of cereals in fact exceeded home demand .
output of cereals in fact [were more than] home demand .

With refits and repairs the upkeep of the fleet by 1750 probably exceeded £500,000 a year , and the wartime floating population which had to be provisioned exceeded that of any town save London .
with refits and repairs the upkeep of the fleet by 1750 probably [were more than] £500,000 a year , and the wartime floating population which had to be provisioned [were more than] that of any town save london .

The wartime earnings of most skilled shipyard workers , for example , would have exceeded £60 a year , and with the Admiralty deducting at source and paying over to the Treasury , yields came much nearer to expectation .
the wartime earnings of most skilled shipyard workers , for example , would have [were more than] £60 a year , and with the admiralty deducting at source and paying over to the treasury , yields came much nearer to expectation .

At the top of the scale those whose holdings exceeded £5,000 formed from 3.5 to 8.1 per cent of account holders but held from 35 to 48.5 per cent of total stock .
at the top of the scale those whose holdings [were more than] £5,000 formed from 3.5 to 8.1 per cent of account holders but held from 35 to 48.5 per cent of total stock .

He stood no taller than his daughter , probably she exceeded him by an inch or two , but he had the shoulders of a bull , and a great head of brindled brown hair laced with grey , like his short , square beard .
he stood no taller than his daughter , probably she [were more than] him by an inch or two , but he had the shoulders of a bull , and a great head of brindled brown hair laced with grey , like his short , square beard .

The second : no one really works but the targets are always met or even exceeded .
the second : no one really works but the targets are always met or even [were more than] .

The third : the targets are met or exceeded but one does not see the results in the shops .
the third : the targets are met or [were more than] but one does not see the results in the shops .

Once that period is exceeded , a mandatory rate of interest should automatically be added .
once that period is [were more than] , a mandatory rate of interest should automatically be added .

Has the Prime Minister had time today to study the Department of Trade and Industry 's figures that were released on Tuesday , which showed that over the last five years Chinese quotas for the importation of cashmere garments into the European Community have been exceeded by 500,000 units and that in 1991 the actual importation exceeded the quotas by over 400 per cent ? Is the Prime Minister aware that 500,000 cashmere jerseys are worth £75 million to textile communities such as my own in the central borders in Scotland ? Will he take a personal interest in stopping this scandalous dumping and make sure that the overshoot is clawed back during the next two years , the time remaining to the EC-Chinese trade agreement ?
has the prime minister had time today to study the department of trade and industry 's figures that were released on tuesday , which showed that over the last five years chinese quotas for the importation of cashmere garments into the european community have been [were more than] by 500,000 units and that in 1991 the actual importation [were more than] the quotas by over 400 per cent ? is the prime minister aware that 500,000 cashmere jerseys are worth £75 million to textile communities such as my own in the central borders in scotland ? will he take a personal interest in stopping this scandalous dumping and make sure that the overshoot is clawed back during the next two years , the time remaining to the ec-chinese trade agreement ?

The annual report of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration criticised the system whereby claimants had to go through a cumbersome late appeals procedure to obtain the full arrears benefit to which they were rightfully entitled where those exceeded the statutory 12-month limit .
the annual report of the parliamentary commissioner for administration criticised the system whereby claimants had to go through a cumbersome late appeals procedure to obtain the full arrears benefit to which they were rightfully entitled where those [were more than] the statutory 12-month limit .

Then , suddenly , when a manager had responsibility for tasks and projects that exceeded five years in scope , everyone seemed to perceive a difference not only in the scope of responsibility but also in its quality and in the kind of work and worker required to discharge it .
then , suddenly , when a manager had responsibility for tasks and projects that [were more than] five years in scope , everyone seemed to perceive a difference not only in the scope of responsibility but also in its quality and in the kind of work and worker required to discharge it .

The membership of the League of Nations from 1919 to 1939 never exceeded 54 countries , whereas some 160 nation states , covering almost the entire globe , are members of the present United Nations , and the numbers are still increasing as new nations arise out of the disintegration of Yugoslavia and the Soviet Union .
the membership of the league of nations from 1919 to 1939 never [were more than] 54 countries , whereas some 160 nation states , covering almost the entire globe , are members of the present united nations , and the numbers are still increasing as new nations arise out of the disintegration of yugoslavia and the soviet union .

His theatrical successes exceeded those of all the rest of the cast added together ( and the money Paul Lexington had agreed with his agent quite possibly exceeded their total too ) .
his theatrical successes [were more than] those of all the rest of the cast added together ( and the money paul lexington had agreed with his agent quite possibly [were more than] their total too ) .

Our model would be suspect if the estimated reservation wage exceeded the reported post-unemployment wage .
our model would be suspect if the estimated reservation wage [were more than] the reported post-unemployment wage .

In practical terms this means that attempting to elicit more luminescence from a mineral by simply increasing beam power can have the reverse effect if the saturation level is exceeded .
in practical terms this means that attempting to elicit more luminescence from a mineral by simply increasing beam power can have the reverse effect if the saturation level is [were more than] .

In the years before the 1988 Act , the government introduced elaborate procedures to control the spending of local authorities , initially by financially penalising those authorities that exceeded the amount the government thought they should spend , and ultimately by imposing limits on the amount of revenue a recalcitrant authority could raise ( ‘ rate capping ’ ) .
in the years before the 1988 act , the government introduced elaborate procedures to control the spending of local authorities , initially by financially penalising those authorities that [were more than] the amount the government thought they should spend , and ultimately by imposing limits on the amount of revenue a recalcitrant authority could raise ( ‘ rate capping ’ ) .

The whole exercise was 100 per-cent successful and the equipment exceeded design requirements . ’
the whole exercise was 100 per-cent successful and the equipment [were more than] design requirements . ’

Expenditure on funding economic development projects in accordance with the company 's business plan exceeded income and the deficit for the year , after taxation , amounted to £902,000 .
expenditure on funding economic development projects in accordance with the company 's business plan [were more than] income and the deficit for the year , after taxation , amounted to £902,000 .

the capacity of the turnstiles was exceeded .
the capacity of the turnstiles was [were more than] .

The inspectorate , who came into most frequent contact with the diversities of local procedures , were consistently interested in ‘ modernising ’ the selection system , and in some ways they were the single group most responsible for altering local authority activities . Some of them obviously exceeded their duties in their zeal for examination improvement , as a memo of December 1942 makes clear : These examinations are to be regarded as a domestic affair of the Local Education Authorities for the conduct of which no responsibility must rest upon Inspectors …
the inspectorate , who came into most frequent contact with the diversities of local procedures , were consistently interested in ‘ modernising ’ the selection system , and in some ways they were the single group most responsible for altering local authority activities . some of them obviously [were more than] their duties in their zeal for examination improvement , as a memo of december 1942 makes clear : these examinations are to be regarded as a domestic affair of the local education authorities for the conduct of which no responsibility must rest upon inspectors …

By contrast , exceptional items in 1991 increased profits by £184 million ( £107 million after tax ) when the profit on sale of operations exceeded a much lower level of restructuring costs .
by contrast , exceptional items in 1991 increased profits by £184 million ( £107 million after tax ) when the profit on sale of operations [were more than] a much lower level of restructuring costs .

The performance of the homes sits in the Orlando area - Davenport Glen and Chatham Park — exceeded our expectations , whilst Monterey in Dade County produced a range of homes which appealed very strongly to local residents including some whose motivation to purchase had been prompted by the hurricane while swept through southern Florida last year .
the performance of the homes sits in the orlando area - davenport glen and chatham park — [were more than] our expectations , whilst monterey in dade county produced a range of homes which appealed very strongly to local residents including some whose motivation to purchase had been prompted by the hurricane while swept through southern florida last year .

Once again Mining traded profitably and exceeded its budget during 1992 although the opencast coal business faces an uncertain future with the Government Review of the Coal Industry under way .
once again mining traded profitably and [were more than] its budget during 1992 although the opencast coal business faces an uncertain future with the government review of the coal industry under way .

The correlation of peer ratings with total influence exceeded the correlations with qualitative assessment or publication counts alone .
the correlation of peer ratings with total influence [were more than] the correlations with qualitative assessment or publication counts alone .

At one stage in the 19th century the tonnage shipped coastwise alone in Britain exceeded all other types of cargo put together .
at one stage in the 19th century the tonnage shipped coastwise alone in britain [were more than] all other types of cargo put together .

There was a dramatic fall too in the number of workers whose radiation dose exceeded 15 millisieverts , down from more than 100 to less than 10 .
there was a dramatic fall too in the number of workers whose radiation dose [were more than] 15 millisieverts , down from more than 100 to less than 10 .

All Nora could say was that funds in all the banks were exhausted and their known outgoings over the next four weeks exceeded their best estimate of income three-fold .
all nora could say was that funds in all the banks were exhausted and their known outgoings over the next four weeks [were more than] their best estimate of income three-fold .

Affecting the coal , oil , gas , petrochemical and metallurgical industries and the railways , it featured a package of incentives including a 5 per cent pay rise for workers for each percentage point by which monthly output in their enterprise exceeded average output in January-April 1991 , and the right of enterprises to sell for their own profit 10 per cent of their output on the domestic market .
affecting the coal , oil , gas , petrochemical and metallurgical industries and the railways , it featured a package of incentives including a 5 per cent pay rise for workers for each percentage point by which monthly output in their enterprise [were more than] average output in january-april 1991 , and the right of enterprises to sell for their own profit 10 per cent of their output on the domestic market .

The World Bank 's World Debt Tables , published on Dec. 19 , estimated that by the end of the year lenders would in 1990 have committed some $ 9,000 million in net new lending to borrowers — the amount by which total lending and investment aid exceeded the total paid to lenders in capital repayments , interest and profits .
the world bank 's world debt tables , published on dec. 19 , estimated that by the end of the year lenders would in 1990 have committed some $ 9,000 million in net new lending to borrowers — the amount by which total lending and investment aid [were more than] the total paid to lenders in capital repayments , interest and profits .

37053 ; 37335 ] , was substantially exceeded , and estimates suggested that the total output in the first quarter of 1990 was actually around 23,700,000 bpd .
37053 ; 37335 ] , was substantially [were more than] , and estimates suggested that the total output in the first quarter of 1990 was actually around 23,700,000 bpd .

The results represented a success for the Moderates and for two parties who exceeded for the first time the statutory 4 per cent threshold for parliamentary representation — the Christian Democrats ( whose only previous representation had been in 1985-88 when one of the Centre party 's seats was allocated to Christian Democrat in an electoral pact ) , and the New Democracy Party .
the results represented a success for the moderates and for two parties who [were more than] for the first time the statutory 4 per cent threshold for parliamentary representation — the christian democrats ( whose only previous representation had been in 1985-88 when one of the centre party 's seats was allocated to christian democrat in an electoral pact ) , and the new democracy party .

The growth of new small private businesses during the year ending June 1991 exceeded all expectations , paying an average wage of 1,000-1,500 forints per month .
the growth of new small private businesses during the year ending june 1991 [were more than] all expectations , paying an average wage of 1,000-1,500 forints per month .

This figure was exceeded in the first quarter of the year alone when a Rbs31,000 million deficit was recorded .
this figure was [were more than] in the first quarter of the year alone when a rbs31,000 million deficit was recorded .

The first round on March 24 had failed to produce a winner because the turnout had fallen well short of the required 50 per cent , but in the second round the required 25 per cent turnout was just exceeded .
the first round on march 24 had failed to produce a winner because the turnout had fallen well short of the required 50 per cent , but in the second round the required 25 per cent turnout was just [were more than] .

An accompanying letter from Foreign Minister Ahmad Husayn Khudayyir described the terms as `` unfair and vindictive `` , ignoring his country 's `` right to demand compensation `` for destruction to its infrastructure and environment which `` conspicuously exceeded `` the authority given to the US-led coalition forces under Resolution 678 [ for which see p. 37870 ] .
an accompanying letter from foreign minister ahmad husayn khudayyir described the terms as `` unfair and vindictive `` , ignoring his country 's `` right to demand compensation `` for destruction to its infrastructure and environment which `` conspicuously [were more than] `` the authority given to the us-led coalition forces under resolution 678 [ for which see p. 37870 ] .

In the sugar sector — the mainstay of Cuba 's economy — it was reported in June that the 1989-90 harvest had exceeded production targets to reach just over 8,000,000 tonnes in spite of bad weather .
in the sugar sector — the mainstay of cuba 's economy — it was reported in june that the 1989-90 harvest had [were more than] production targets to reach just over 8,000,000 tonnes in spite of bad weather .

[ See p. 36963 for security forces ' admission that they had `` exceeded their authority `` . ]
[ see p. 36963 for security forces ' admission that they had `` [were more than] their authority `` . ]

The figures showed many plan targets being exceeded .
the figures showed many plan targets being [were more than] .

Electricity supplies would be fixed and there would be cuts in supply if limits were exceeded .
electricity supplies would be fixed and there would be cuts in supply if limits were [were more than] .

Jaelani said that the troops had been responding to `` chaos or riot `` , but nevertheless some officers had been `` emotional `` and their actions were `` beyond the limit of propriety `` and `` exceeded the limit of toleration `` .
jaelani said that the troops had been responding to `` chaos or riot `` , but nevertheless some officers had been `` emotional `` and their actions were `` beyond the limit of propriety `` and `` [were more than] the limit of toleration `` .

On Nov. 28 employers and unions concluded a two-year pay deal , under which wages would be frozen in 1992 but would rise the following year if inflation exceeded 5.4 per cent .
on nov. 28 employers and unions concluded a two-year pay deal , under which wages would be frozen in 1992 but would rise the following year if inflation [were more than] 5.4 per cent .

Finland : the Eduskunta , voting on Oct. 26 , exceeded the required two-thirds majority with 154 in favour , 12 ( Finnish Rural Party and Greens ) against and 32 abstentions .
finland : the eduskunta , voting on oct. 26 , [were more than] the required two-thirds majority with 154 in favour , 12 ( finnish rural party and greens ) against and 32 abstentions .

In years of high prices 20 per cent would have been in this situation , while in extremely hard years , such as 1801 , the proportion would have exceeded 40 per cent .
in years of high prices 20 per cent would have been in this situation , while in extremely hard years , such as 1801 , the proportion would have [were more than] 40 per cent .

Into the latter category , embracing all those groups whose annual expenditure exceeded their earnings , he put more than half of the population .
into the latter category , embracing all those groups whose annual expenditure [were more than] their earnings , he put more than half of the population .

The weavers ' claim may even have understated their past prosperity for Wood 's figures suggest that average weekly earnings of hand-loom weavers exceeded £1.00 each year from 1802 – 6 , peaking at £1.3s ( £1.15 ) in 1805 .
the weavers ' claim may even have understated their past prosperity for wood 's figures suggest that average weekly earnings of hand-loom weavers [were more than] £1.00 each year from 1802 – 6 , peaking at £1.3s ( £1.15 ) in 1805 .

In half of those studies subject searches equalled or exceeded 40 % .
in half of those studies subject searches equalled or [were more than] 40 % .

If a drift in calibration of the pH electrode exceeded 0.2 of a pH unit , a linear correction was made to the pH data .
if a drift in calibration of the ph electrode [were more than] 0.2 of a ph unit , a linear correction was made to the ph data .

Duodenogastric reflux was identified when intragastric sodium concentrations exceeded 50 mmol/l .
duodenogastric reflux was identified when intragastric sodium concentrations [were more than] 50 mmol/l .

As the colonic damage exceeded 6 on the colon macroscopic score , enteral administration of terra fullonica became less effective as an antiendotoxin measure ( colon macroscopic score ≤6 , endotoxin conc 4.9 ( 1.4 ) ; colon macroscopic score > 6 , endotoxin conc 35.9 ( 13.3 ) : p < 0.05 Mann Whitney ) .
as the colonic damage [were more than] 6 on the colon macroscopic score , enteral administration of terra fullonica became less effective as an antiendotoxin measure ( colon macroscopic score ≤6 , endotoxin conc 4.9 ( 1.4 ) ; colon macroscopic score > 6 , endotoxin conc 35.9 ( 13.3 ) : p < 0.05 mann whitney ) .

If the hepatic capacity to eliminate portal endotoxins is exceeded , spillover into the systemic circulation will occur .
if the hepatic capacity to eliminate portal endotoxins is [were more than] , spillover into the systemic circulation will occur .

The number of patients in each group who exceeded these criteria was recorded .
the number of patients in each group who [were more than] these criteria was recorded .

Carpenter assumed that increased fluid secretion began shortly after toxin administration but that net fluid production was not observed until the rate of secretion exceeded the rate of absorption .
carpenter assumed that increased fluid secretion began shortly after toxin administration but that net fluid production was not observed until the rate of secretion [were more than] the rate of absorption .

In those years in which claims have exceeded premium income , the profits on the investment of premiums have been sufficient to produce an overall profit .
in those years in which claims have [were more than] premium income , the profits on the investment of premiums have been sufficient to produce an overall profit .

It can be argued that the imperfections of the market will become increasingly important after firms have exceeded their ‘ debt capacity ’ and lenders of funds no longer perceive the equity financing as an adequate cushion in the event of liquidation .
it can be argued that the imperfections of the market will become increasingly important after firms have [were more than] their ‘ debt capacity ’ and lenders of funds no longer perceive the equity financing as an adequate cushion in the event of liquidation .

Suppose the opposite were true and g exceeded r for a particular firm .
suppose the opposite were true and g [were more than] r for a particular firm .

On the other hand , the fact that initially g exceeded r would attract other competitors into the industry .
on the other hand , the fact that initially g [were more than] r would attract other competitors into the industry .

The results exceeded his wildest hopes .
the results [were more than] his wildest hopes .

The paterfamilias , Lyman , was exceeded in fame and influence by his son , Henry Ward Beecher , minister of Brooklyn 's Plymouth Congregational Church from 1847 until his death in 1887 .
the paterfamilias , lyman , was [were more than] in fame and influence by his son , henry ward beecher , minister of brooklyn 's plymouth congregational church from 1847 until his death in 1887 .

The successive run of seven is unique in cricket history — unequalled even by Yorkshire , which has never exceeded a sequence of four .
the successive run of seven is unique in cricket history — unequalled even by yorkshire , which has never [were more than] a sequence of four .

The Consumers ' Association , which produced a report on the lamps two years ago , found that seven out of eight desk lamps exceeded international safety limits for ultraviolet radiation .
the consumers ' association , which produced a report on the lamps two years ago , found that seven out of eight desk lamps [were more than] international safety limits for ultraviolet radiation .

Le Moignan , seeded three , drove and volleyed with crunching power to beat holder Lisa Opie , who , injured for most of the season , exceeded expectations by reaching the last four .
le moignan , seeded three , drove and volleyed with crunching power to beat holder lisa opie , who , injured for most of the season , [were more than] expectations by reaching the last four .

In 1980 , the catch exceeded 54,000 animals , but in 1981 fell to about 10,000 , with harbour porpoises rather than dolphins comprising most of the catch .
in 1980 , the catch [were more than] 54,000 animals , but in 1981 fell to about 10,000 , with harbour porpoises rather than dolphins comprising most of the catch .

Countries whose emissions exceeded their allocations would be obliged to buy ( or perhaps lease ) permits from countries whose output of carbon dioxide fell below their allowance .
countries whose emissions [were more than] their allocations would be obliged to buy ( or perhaps lease ) permits from countries whose output of carbon dioxide fell below their allowance .

And as the individual thinks , so , in more general terms , does the larger community : the decline of Britain 's automobile industry to the point where imports exceeded exports became the measure of the country 's fall from a place in the industrial front rank .
and as the individual thinks , so , in more general terms , does the larger community : the decline of britain 's automobile industry to the point where imports [were more than] exports became the measure of the country 's fall from a place in the industrial front rank .

The Soviet Union is said to contain more than 1000 towns where its own permissible levels of atmospheric pollution are exceeded five-fold or more and 20 per cent of the population live in what the head of the Academy of Sciences ' biology institute calls ‘ ecological disaster zones ’ .
the soviet union is said to contain more than 1000 towns where its own permissible levels of atmospheric pollution are [were more than] five-fold or more and 20 per cent of the population live in what the head of the academy of sciences ' biology institute calls ‘ ecological disaster zones ’ .

King 's 32 was the only other score in double figures , while Greenidge 's 134 out of 211 represented 63.5 per cent of his team 's total , a proportion that has only once been exceeded in all Tests .
king 's 32 was the only other score in double figures , while greenidge 's 134 out of 211 represented 63.5 per cent of his team 's total , a proportion that has only once been [were more than] in all tests .

Logie and Dujon , once again , had other ideas , and exceeded their first innings partnership by one run .
logie and dujon , once again , had other ideas , and [were more than] their first innings partnership by one run .

Since 1979 the other Cabinet ministers ( Margaret Thatcher excepted ) who have exceeded five years in one department are Nicholas Edwards , the Secretary of State for Wales between 1979 and 1987 ; George Younger , as Scottish Secretary ; Nigel Lawson , as Chancellor of the Exchequer ; and Geoffrey Howe , as Foreign Secretary .
since 1979 the other cabinet ministers ( margaret thatcher excepted ) who have [were more than] five years in one department are nicholas edwards , the secretary of state for wales between 1979 and 1987 ; george younger , as scottish secretary ; nigel lawson , as chancellor of the exchequer ; and geoffrey howe , as foreign secretary .

Klaus Maurice , the secretary-general of the German quasi-governmental agency that negotiated the deal , said at the time : ‘ If we had pursued the lawsuit in Dallas , the legal fees would have greatly exceeded the amount we agreed to pay .
klaus maurice , the secretary-general of the german quasi-governmental agency that negotiated the deal , said at the time : ‘ if we had pursued the lawsuit in dallas , the legal fees would have greatly [were more than] the amount we agreed to pay .

Results from American investment banks exceeded expectations , confirming the recovery in the securities business .
results from american investment banks [were more than] expectations , confirming the recovery in the securities business .

When American or British real interest rates have exceeded Japanese or German ones , the main reason has been the risk that the dollar or pound will fall in value against the yen and D-mark .
when american or british real interest rates have [were more than] japanese or german ones , the main reason has been the risk that the dollar or pound will fall in value against the yen and d-mark .

One ground of challenge was that the Home Secretary had exceeded his powers by acting in breach of article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights which relates to freedom of expression .
one ground of challenge was that the home secretary had [were more than] his powers by acting in breach of article 10 of the european convention on human rights which relates to freedom of expression .

Last year 's sales of baseball merchandise outside the United States exceeded $3.5m ( £2m ) and worldwide interest is sure to grow when the sport makes its debut in this year 's Olympics .
last year 's sales of baseball merchandise outside the united states [were more than] $3.5m ( £2m ) and worldwide interest is sure to grow when the sport makes its debut in this year 's olympics .

‘ The results exceeded our expectations , ’ said Mr Goodson .
‘ the results [were more than] our expectations , ’ said mr goodson .

Eleven percent of their newborn babies exceeded the limit .
eleven percent of their newborn babies [were more than] the limit .

Although the Scottish Office would not say how far supplies exceeded MACs for lead , at least 17 schemes were in progress to reduce lead in water that would not be completed until as late as 1992 .
although the scottish office would not say how far supplies [were more than] macs for lead , at least 17 schemes were in progress to reduce lead in water that would not be completed until as late as 1992 .

When Friends of the Earth researched the tapwater survey of England and Wales run in the Observer in 1989 , they found that lead exceeded the legal limit in a far larger and more widely distributed number of supplies than had previously been supposed .
when friends of the earth researched the tapwater survey of england and wales run in the observer in 1989 , they found that lead [were more than] the legal limit in a far larger and more widely distributed number of supplies than had previously been supposed .

The equivalent NOx levels are exceeded throughout central and southeast England , with particularly high levels around London , Birmingham and Manchester .
the equivalent nox levels are [were more than] throughout central and southeast england , with particularly high levels around london , birmingham and manchester .

For British lakes with limited alkalinity , critical loads of sulphur are put at 3–6 kg/S/ha , a level exceeded over most of the country .
for british lakes with limited alkalinity , critical loads of sulphur are put at 3–6 kg/s/ha , a level [were more than] over most of the country .

At high deposition , nitrate is found leaching away because the soil processes and capacity of plants to take up nitrogen are exceeded .
at high deposition , nitrate is found leaching away because the soil processes and capacity of plants to take up nitrogen are [were more than] .

The Union has completely exhausted its competence in the area of so-called concurrent legislation , where the Lander also have a role to play , and indeed in some cases has exceeded its responsibilities .
the union has completely exhausted its competence in the area of so-called concurrent legislation , where the lander also have a role to play , and indeed in some cases has [were more than] its responsibilities .

The population of England and Wales had grown steadily in the centuries up to about 1300 , by which time it had exceeded a level which could easily be sustained by contemporary food production .
the population of england and wales had grown steadily in the centuries up to about 1300 , by which time it had [were more than] a level which could easily be sustained by contemporary food production .

If you do so you must repay to us immediately the amount by which your withdrawal exceeded the amount available and if you fail to do this we may debit any other account or accounts you may have .
if you do so you must repay to us immediately the amount by which your withdrawal [were more than] the amount available and if you fail to do this we may debit any other account or accounts you may have .

If the system 's charter allowed for a bank governor to be shot at dawn for every month the inflation rate exceeded 1 per cent , it might prove even more counter-inflationary than the Bundesbank .
if the system 's charter allowed for a bank governor to be shot at dawn for every month the inflation rate [were more than] 1 per cent , it might prove even more counter-inflationary than the bundesbank .

When these offers were received , it was apparent that the lowest tender considerably exceeded the cost acceptable to the Housing Corporation , who insisted that savings of £170,000 should be made before this lowest price could be accepted .
when these offers were received , it was apparent that the lowest tender considerably [were more than] the cost acceptable to the housing corporation , who insisted that savings of £170,000 should be made before this lowest price could be accepted .

Just over a year since their financial crisis following cut-backs at Brent Council , the Oxford Kilburn club 's target of increased financial aid of £18,000 has been ‘ handsomely exceeded ’ during the year .
just over a year since their financial crisis following cut-backs at brent council , the oxford kilburn club 's target of increased financial aid of £18,000 has been ‘ handsomely [were more than] ’ during the year .

The letter says : ‘ Mr Lapointe and his staff have exceeded the responsibilities and mandate of the secretariat .
the letter says : ‘ mr lapointe and his staff have [were more than] the responsibilities and mandate of the secretariat .

’ Wage increases , he said , had often exceeded price increases .
’ wage increases , he said , had often [were more than] price increases .

If the no-decompression time is exceeded , the Solution displays ascent time and the depth at which stops are needed .
if the no-decompression time is [were more than] , the solution displays ascent time and the depth at which stops are needed .

Once a depth of 1.5 metres is exceeded , the Solution enters into dive mode and displays the no-decompression time available , current depth , elapsed dive time and water temperature .
once a depth of 1.5 metres is [were more than] , the solution enters into dive mode and displays the no-decompression time available , current depth , elapsed dive time and water temperature .

If the ascent speed is exceeded , a flashing slow warning is given .
if the ascent speed is [were more than] , a flashing slow warning is given .

These early studies did not , however , establish whether any particular form of exercise was beneficial , nor whether there was a threshold of activity that has to be exceeded before benefit can be detected .
these early studies did not , however , establish whether any particular form of exercise was beneficial , nor whether there was a threshold of activity that has to be [were more than] before benefit can be detected .

On this scale it is theoretically possible to score up to 166 per cent ( 1,000 points ) , but in practice no strategy 's average score exceeded 600 .
on this scale it is theoretically possible to score up to 166 per cent ( 1,000 points ) , but in practice no strategy 's average score [were more than] 600 .

On one side of the knife-edge the critical frequency of Tit for Tat is exceeded , and selection will favour more and more Tit for Tats .
on one side of the knife-edge the critical frequency of tit for tat is [were more than] , and selection will favour more and more tit for tats .

On the other side of the knife-edge the critical frequency of Always Defect is exceeded , and selection will favour more and more Always Defects .
on the other side of the knife-edge the critical frequency of always defect is [were more than] , and selection will favour more and more always defects .

For all these reasons , American stations were ‘ over-built ’ , provided with an external scale and an internal grandeur in the lavishness of their facilities and ornamentation which far exceeded strictly functional requirements .
for all these reasons , american stations were ‘ over-built ’ , provided with an external scale and an internal grandeur in the lavishness of their facilities and ornamentation which far [were more than] strictly functional requirements .

Where Musgrove and John Hopkins , who put it all together , got lucky was that they chronicled a period of success that may never have been equalled , let alone exceeded , by any British golfer .
where musgrove and john hopkins , who put it all together , got lucky was that they chronicled a period of success that may never have been equalled , let alone [were more than] , by any british golfer .

The most tangible signs of this tendency to borrow more are highlighted in the Central Statistical Office 's Social Trends 1989 , which showed that household expenditure exceeded income in 1986 and 1987 for the first time since compilation of the information began .
the most tangible signs of this tendency to borrow more are highlighted in the central statistical office 's social trends 1989 , which showed that household expenditure [were more than] income in 1986 and 1987 for the first time since compilation of the information began .

The most tangible signs of this tendency to borrow more are highlighted in the Central Statistical Office 's Social Trends 1989 , which showed that household expenditure exceeded income in 1986 and 1987 for the first time since compilation of the information began .
the most tangible signs of this tendency to borrow more are highlighted in the central statistical office 's social trends 1989 , which showed that household expenditure [were more than] income in 1986 and 1987 for the first time since compilation of the information began .

This exceeded even our expectations .
this [were more than] even our expectations .

This last was expressed in other words as willingness ‘ to see the ratio between profits and incomes preserved at a reasonable level by a tax which would become operative upon all industry when a certain figure was exceeded by profits as a whole ’ .
this last was expressed in other words as willingness ‘ to see the ratio between profits and incomes preserved at a reasonable level by a tax which would become operative upon all industry when a certain figure was [were more than] by profits as a whole ’ .

They said it meant the latter ; they said they were ‘ prepared to see the ratio between profits and incomes preserved at a reasonable level by a tax which would become operative upon all industry when a certain figure was exceeded by profits as a whole ’ .
they said it meant the latter ; they said they were ‘ prepared to see the ratio between profits and incomes preserved at a reasonable level by a tax which would become operative upon all industry when a certain figure was [were more than] by profits as a whole ’ .

Many Branches exceeded the national per capita average , and the top twelve are given below .
many branches [were more than] the national per capita average , and the top twelve are given below .

Only for five years between 1945 and 1983 has approval for the Prime Minister exceeded that of his party by more than 10 per cent , and Harold Wilson , and Harold Macmillan are the only post-war premiers to have retained the support of 50 per cent or more of the electorate for two successive years .
only for five years between 1945 and 1983 has approval for the prime minister [were more than] that of his party by more than 10 per cent , and harold wilson , and harold macmillan are the only post-war premiers to have retained the support of 50 per cent or more of the electorate for two successive years .

When this failed to contain local spending sufficiently , volume targets were introduced together with penalties in the form of loss of central government grant if local authorities exceeded their targets .
when this failed to contain local spending sufficiently , volume targets were introduced together with penalties in the form of loss of central government grant if local authorities [were more than] their targets .

But surprisingly perhaps , it was not the major influence on David Steel 's image ; and David Owen 's image was influenced more by Labour partisanship than by Alliance partisanship : the hostility of Labour partisans towards Owen exceeded even the affection of Alliance partisans for him ( Table 8.3 ) .
but surprisingly perhaps , it was not the major influence on david steel 's image ; and david owen 's image was influenced more by labour partisanship than by alliance partisanship : the hostility of labour partisans towards owen [were more than] even the affection of alliance partisans for him ( table 8.3 ) .

Using union figures , allowances being paid at the start of this year exceeded the number originally intended by more than 3,000 .
using union figures , allowances being paid at the start of this year [were more than] the number originally intended by more than 3,000 .

With the continued growth of non-governmental services and initiatives in the 1970s and 1980s , not just of the ‘ established ’ kind but also of self-help and ‘ alternative ’ projects , the complexity of the task of coordination exceeded the potential of the legislation and became at times messy .
with the continued growth of non-governmental services and initiatives in the 1970s and 1980s , not just of the ‘ established ’ kind but also of self-help and ‘ alternative ’ projects , the complexity of the task of coordination [were more than] the potential of the legislation and became at times messy .

Initially , the area improved under township schemes in Lewis and Harris greatly exceeded that improved individually , but in the last few years there have been hardly any new township schemes .
initially , the area improved under township schemes in lewis and harris greatly [were more than] that improved individually , but in the last few years there have been hardly any new township schemes .

Between 1979 and 1983 this region experienced the highest level of energy consumption growth of all among the Third World regions as considered in this study ( Latin America , Africa , South East Asia , Middle East ) and between 1983 and 2000 the level of increase will be exceeded only by South East Asia .
between 1979 and 1983 this region experienced the highest level of energy consumption growth of all among the third world regions as considered in this study ( latin america , africa , south east asia , middle east ) and between 1983 and 2000 the level of increase will be [were more than] only by south east asia .

Using lead/acid or nickel/iron cells a range of 100 kilometres between rechargings can not be exceeded without using batteries with too high a weight as a ratio to total vehicle weight .
using lead/acid or nickel/iron cells a range of 100 kilometres between rechargings can not be [were more than] without using batteries with too high a weight as a ratio to total vehicle weight .

Having done three previous Whitbreads , including skippering Simon Le Bon 's Drum , Novak 's big boat and his ocean-racing experience far exceeded anything Gryschenko had come across .
having done three previous whitbreads , including skippering simon le bon 's drum , novak 's big boat and his ocean-racing experience far [were more than] anything gryschenko had come across .

Mr Cluff said that the Royal Family Mine at Filabusi had exceeded its planned production by 12.5 per cent .
mr cluff said that the royal family mine at filabusi had [were more than] its planned production by 12.5 per cent .

Strikingly , however , the average size of manual worker 's families exceeded that of non-manual workers by a large and consistent margin of just 40 per cent throughout the early twentieth century .
strikingly , however , the average size of manual worker 's families [were more than] that of non-manual workers by a large and consistent margin of just 40 per cent throughout the early twentieth century .

Supply of ancient bronzes exceeded demand and forgeries were very prevalent .
supply of ancient bronzes [were more than] demand and forgeries were very prevalent .

Instructions should not only advise on the method of use but also indicate the product limitations and the checks and controls that can be applied to make sure that those limitations are not exceeded .
instructions should not only advise on the method of use but also indicate the product limitations and the checks and controls that can be applied to make sure that those limitations are not [were more than] .

In some policies the two problems are seen to be combined where the systems of farming collectively called shifting cultivation have reached a point where their carrying capacity has been exceeded , and fallow periods have become so short that degradation and erosion have set in ( Allan 1967 ) .
in some policies the two problems are seen to be combined where the systems of farming collectively called shifting cultivation have reached a point where their carrying capacity has been [were more than] , and fallow periods have become so short that degradation and erosion have set in ( allan 1967 ) .

Everything about it exceeded expectation , though one of the things that struck him was that while the fairways are wide , the hitting area is in fact very narrow if there is to be a chance of attacking the flagsticks .
everything about it [were more than] expectation , though one of the things that struck him was that while the fairways are wide , the hitting area is in fact very narrow if there is to be a chance of attacking the flagsticks .

If this is to identify a Warwickshire weakness , it must be said that the 1991 season exceeded all predictions .
if this is to identify a warwickshire weakness , it must be said that the 1991 season [were more than] all predictions .

All comfortably exceeded 1,000 first-class runs last summer and Taylor , with 1,806 at an average of 56.4 , was outstandingly consistent .
all comfortably [were more than] 1,000 first-class runs last summer and taylor , with 1,806 at an average of 56.4 , was outstandingly consistent .

Most estimates were exceeded three or four times , while a handful of the strongest colours and the rarest patterns and shapes fetched 10 times over estimate .
most estimates were [were more than] three or four times , while a handful of the strongest colours and the rarest patterns and shapes fetched 10 times over estimate .

Mr Chubb said : ‘ The explosion far exceeded what they intended and the facade was destroyed .
mr chubb said : ‘ the explosion far [were more than] what they intended and the facade was destroyed .

Mr Chubb said : ‘ The effect of the explosion far exceeded what they intended and the facade was destroyed .
mr chubb said : ‘ the effect of the explosion far [were more than] what they intended and the facade was destroyed .

Happily the coal traffic was revived to the point where pre-strike tonnages were exceeded , although the number of individual collieries served was vastly reduced .
happily the coal traffic was revived to the point where pre-strike tonnages were [were more than] , although the number of individual collieries served was vastly reduced .

The man in charge of the fund , Brigadier Jimmy Chater , admitted that there had been problems with finding and helping Royal Warwickshire POWs , and agreed that the income from the fund exceeded the benefits paid out .
the man in charge of the fund , brigadier jimmy chater , admitted that there had been problems with finding and helping royal warwickshire pows , and agreed that the income from the fund [were more than] the benefits paid out .

The Command 's strength rarely exceeded 25 men , but they were carefully selected for their ferocity and reliability .
the command 's strength rarely [were more than] 25 men , but they were carefully selected for their ferocity and reliability .

The target can be exceeded , with carbon emissions falling to 1.9 million tonnes , if the most efficient technology that researchers can imagine is adopted .
the target can be [were more than] , with carbon emissions falling to 1.9 million tonnes , if the most efficient technology that researchers can imagine is adopted .

The existing standard number , determined under section 15 of the Education Act 1980 and generally set at the intake of pupils to the school in 1979–80 ( a peak year ) , will be the new standard number — unless in 1989–90 , the year before the law changed , admissions exceeded the 1980 Act standard number .
the existing standard number , determined under section 15 of the education act 1980 and generally set at the intake of pupils to the school in 1979–80 ( a peak year ) , will be the new standard number — unless in 1989–90 , the year before the law changed , admissions [were more than] the 1980 act standard number .

In that year , with the exception of Argentina , Chile , Costa Rica , Cuba and Uruguay , the illiteracy rate of populations aged over fifteen years , exceeded 30 per cent in all Latin American countries , 50 per cent being recorded in Brazil and higher percentages in Central America ( Rama 1983 : 16 ) .
in that year , with the exception of argentina , chile , costa rica , cuba and uruguay , the illiteracy rate of populations aged over fifteen years , [were more than] 30 per cent in all latin american countries , 50 per cent being recorded in brazil and higher percentages in central america ( rama 1983 : 16 ) .

Hardraw Force is the highest surface waterfall in the country ( although exceeded in height by a few underground streams descending into potholes , Fell Beck in Gaping Gill being a notable example ) and the most beautiful .
hardraw force is the highest surface waterfall in the country ( although [were more than] in height by a few underground streams descending into potholes , fell beck in gaping gill being a notable example ) and the most beautiful .

To the extent that the Home Secretary suggested that the Act did not involve any extension of the Government 's powers , this could be only because in practice the guidelines were being exceeded for , as has been pointed out subsequently , the phrase ‘ national security ’ is not confined to major subversion or espionage ( Lloyd , 1987 ) .
to the extent that the home secretary suggested that the act did not involve any extension of the government 's powers , this could be only because in practice the guidelines were being [were more than] for , as has been pointed out subsequently , the phrase ‘ national security ’ is not confined to major subversion or espionage ( lloyd , 1987 ) .

Official figures are not available on the number of pickets injured , but there were at least a couple of fatalities and it is the opinion of some observers that , in the major conflicts of the dispute , casualties amongst the pickets greatly exceeded those of the police ( Wallington , 1985 : 149 ) .
official figures are not available on the number of pickets injured , but there were at least a couple of fatalities and it is the opinion of some observers that , in the major conflicts of the dispute , casualties amongst the pickets greatly [were more than] those of the police ( wallington , 1985 : 149 ) .

The farmers affected broke up the new flood-banks , and after being arrested initially , were released on the grounds that the enclosure commissioners had exceeded their powers in constructing the drainage works .
the farmers affected broke up the new flood-banks , and after being arrested initially , were released on the grounds that the enclosure commissioners had [were more than] their powers in constructing the drainage works .

In 1851 , which , with symbolic appropriateness , was the year in which a hungry urban population exceeded for the first time the population of the countryside , drainage-minded landlords up from the shires were able to carry away a wealth of interesting ideas from the Great Exhibition .
in 1851 , which , with symbolic appropriateness , was the year in which a hungry urban population [were more than] for the first time the population of the countryside , drainage-minded landlords up from the shires were able to carry away a wealth of interesting ideas from the great exhibition .

These are regularly exceeded in London .
these are regularly [were more than] in london .

Tea and coffee may be drunk freely if drunk black , or may be drunk white so long as skimmed milk allowance is not exceeded .
tea and coffee may be drunk freely if drunk black , or may be drunk white so long as skimmed milk allowance is not [were more than] .

At the time of the First World War the Shorthorn was described as the most widely distributed of all the breeds of cattle , both at home and abroad , and it far exceeded other purebreds in Britain while the great majority of commercial crossbreds also relied on Shorthorn blood .
at the time of the first world war the shorthorn was described as the most widely distributed of all the breeds of cattle , both at home and abroad , and it far [were more than] other purebreds in britain while the great majority of commercial crossbreds also relied on shorthorn blood .

The hope was realized — but in a style that must have exceeded even Chapman 's wildest dreams .
the hope was realized — but in a style that must have [were more than] even chapman 's wildest dreams .

It far exceeded anything of the kind done before anywhere in the world , and combined grace of design with several novel features in the construction .
it far [were more than] anything of the kind done before anywhere in the world , and combined grace of design with several novel features in the construction .

Today the rate of increase in food production has exceeded the rate of increase in the total world population .
today the rate of increase in food production has [were more than] the rate of increase in the total world population .

But in the developing world the rate of increase in food production has been exceeded by the rate of increase of the population , and now there is not enough food being produced in the developing world for the local population .
but in the developing world the rate of increase in food production has been [were more than] by the rate of increase of the population , and now there is not enough food being produced in the developing world for the local population .

Coleridge 's outstanding abilities remained quite unsuspected at Christ 's Hospital until they came to the attention of the Upper Grammar School master , the Revd James Boyer , a man whose great gifts as a teacher were only exceeded by his sadistically violent temper .
coleridge 's outstanding abilities remained quite unsuspected at christ 's hospital until they came to the attention of the upper grammar school master , the revd james boyer , a man whose great gifts as a teacher were only [were more than] by his sadistically violent temper .

However , it is felt that the adoption of a theoretical uniform gradient of 50° C/km for the whole of Phanerozoic time represents an extreme situation yielding maturity values unlikely to have been exceeded in practice .
however , it is felt that the adoption of a theoretical uniform gradient of 50° c/km for the whole of phanerozoic time represents an extreme situation yielding maturity values unlikely to have been [were more than] in practice .

Len Choules was always one of Palace 's unsung heroes , yet his Football League appearances for us have only ever been exceeded by fifteen men .
len choules was always one of palace 's unsung heroes , yet his football league appearances for us have only ever been [were more than] by fifteen men .

Cliff 's tally of 20 League goals in 1963–64 , when he was joint-top scorer with Peter Burridge , has only been exceeded since 1961 by Mark Bright in 1988 and Ian Wright in 1989 , but Cliff again headed our list of scorers in Division Two in 1964–65 with 11 more goals , and he did so in spite of spending several games at centre-half .
cliff 's tally of 20 league goals in 1963–64 , when he was joint-top scorer with peter burridge , has only been [were more than] since 1961 by mark bright in 1988 and ian wright in 1989 , but cliff again headed our list of scorers in division two in 1964–65 with 11 more goals , and he did so in spite of spending several games at centre-half .

Freddie did not manage to keep us in the Cup against the powerful Rangers outfit but , usually playing at centre-forward , he steadily repaid that fee several times over during the first five post-war seasons , for not only has his tally of 48 League goals only been exceeded by six players here at The Palace since then , but his goals were scored in struggling Palace teams , which only once finished in the upper half of the League table .
freddie did not manage to keep us in the cup against the powerful rangers outfit but , usually playing at centre-forward , he steadily repaid that fee several times over during the first five post-war seasons , for not only has his tally of 48 league goals only been [were more than] by six players here at the palace since then , but his goals were scored in struggling palace teams , which only once finished in the upper half of the league table .

Terry was , originally at least , a wing-half who had captured the eye of manager Cyril Spiers , and , after a season ( 1955–56 ) of coming to maturity and settling down to the demands of League football , he put together a run of 214 consecutive League appearances ( 234 with major Cup competitions ) which was a club record at the time and has only once been exceeded by the great John Jackson .
terry was , originally at least , a wing-half who had captured the eye of manager cyril spiers , and , after a season ( 1955–56 ) of coming to maturity and settling down to the demands of league football , he put together a run of 214 consecutive league appearances ( 234 with major cup competitions ) which was a club record at the time and has only once been [were more than] by the great john jackson .

Gavin Nebbeling was a tall , upright , South African central defender who played for the Palace throughout the 1980s , but his career was continually dogged by injury and this rather limited his value , although his League appearances exceeded 150 by the time he moved on to Fulham in the summer of 1989 .
gavin nebbeling was a tall , upright , south african central defender who played for the palace throughout the 1980s , but his career was continually dogged by injury and this rather limited his value , although his league appearances [were more than] 150 by the time he moved on to fulham in the summer of 1989 .

It is a clear indication of the quality of Vic Rouse 's goalkeeping ability that he succeeded the great Roy Bailey between the Palace posts , then went on to set up a club record 238 Football League goalkeeping appearances ( since exceeded only by the invincible John Jackson ) , and that it then took another goalkeeper destined for the 1st Division in Bill Glazier to oust him .
it is a clear indication of the quality of vic rouse 's goalkeeping ability that he succeeded the great roy bailey between the palace posts , then went on to set up a club record 238 football league goalkeeping appearances ( since [were more than] only by the invincible john jackson ) , and that it then took another goalkeeper destined for the 1st division in bill glazier to oust him .

At the time there were some 900 subscribers to the College ( a number seldom subsequently exceeded ) and 14 pupils .
at the time there were some 900 subscribers to the college ( a number seldom subsequently [were more than] ) and 14 pupils .

To soften his feelings , however , we learned that the Professor from time to time gave him a fee which far exceeded the amount of the toll … just by the Bridge , turnstiles admitted foot-passengers to pass by different paths , intersecting the large extent of open ground , some of this led to Somers Town , Red Lion Street , etc … here and there , especially at the lower portion of the [ College ] ground , walls were standing , some of them being eight or ten feet high .
to soften his feelings , however , we learned that the professor from time to time gave him a fee which far [were more than] the amount of the toll … just by the bridge , turnstiles admitted foot-passengers to pass by different paths , intersecting the large extent of open ground , some of this led to somers town , red lion street , etc … here and there , especially at the lower portion of the [ college ] ground , walls were standing , some of them being eight or ten feet high .

Coleman 's first class numbered 14 , but later classes sometimes exceeded 70 students .
coleman 's first class numbered 14 , but later classes sometimes [were more than] 70 students .

Dispersal of pollutants via tall chimneys is a well known , acceptable method to control , aimed at ensuring that certain fixed concentrations of pollutants at ground level are not exceeded .
dispersal of pollutants via tall chimneys is a well known , acceptable method to control , aimed at ensuring that certain fixed concentrations of pollutants at ground level are not [were more than] .

Part of the principle of equal treatment is that a compulsory bid must be made when a certain level of shareholdings is actually exceeded , namely a third of voting stock .
part of the principle of equal treatment is that a compulsory bid must be made when a certain level of shareholdings is actually [were more than] , namely a third of voting stock .

In one case , a company was found to have a decisive influence with a 39 % shareholding , as none of the other blocks of shareholdings exceeded 4 % , and so the company was in a relative position of strength .
in one case , a company was found to have a decisive influence with a 39 % shareholding , as none of the other blocks of shareholdings [were more than] 4 % , and so the company was in a relative position of strength .

In wind-tunnel tests , the performance curves of rotors ( Figure 3 ) exceeded those of sails by far .
in wind-tunnel tests , the performance curves of rotors ( figure 3 ) [were more than] those of sails by far .

The 1973 crisis , with the embargo on oil and a quadrupling of its price , was a sharp reminder to France of its dependence and vulnerability : at the time , oil covered two thirds of the country 's energy needs , and our overall dependence on foreign sources of energy , including gas and coal , exceeded 75 per cent . How could we escape from this vice ?
the 1973 crisis , with the embargo on oil and a quadrupling of its price , was a sharp reminder to france of its dependence and vulnerability : at the time , oil covered two thirds of the country 's energy needs , and our overall dependence on foreign sources of energy , including gas and coal , [were more than] 75 per cent . how could we escape from this vice ?

By 1970 there were more than half a million students at a now expanded network of higher education , and in 1980 the number exceeded a million for the first time , taking in roughly a quarter of the relevant age group .
by 1970 there were more than half a million students at a now expanded network of higher education , and in 1980 the number [were more than] a million for the first time , taking in roughly a quarter of the relevant age group .

Not many redwoods , or sequoias , exceeded 3000 years but they were generally considered the oldest living matter until the development of the Swedish increment borer enabled dendrologists ( people who study the natural history of trees ) to age a tree without felling it .
not many redwoods , or sequoias , [were more than] 3000 years but they were generally considered the oldest living matter until the development of the swedish increment borer enabled dendrologists ( people who study the natural history of trees ) to age a tree without felling it .

On this basis alone the islands have clearly exceeded their carrying capacity , the more so when it is realised that almost all the food imports are in the form of foreign aid .
on this basis alone the islands have clearly [were more than] their carrying capacity , the more so when it is realised that almost all the food imports are in the form of foreign aid .

The population of Easter Island could not have exceeded a few thousand , so a sizeable proportion of the men must have been employed at the quarry , carving likenesses of their deceased relatives .
the population of easter island could not have [were more than] a few thousand , so a sizeable proportion of the men must have been employed at the quarry , carving likenesses of their deceased relatives .

These rights included not only an ability to continue using the property as before but also the right to rebuild or extend it , provided the original building was not exceeded by more than ten per cent .
these rights included not only an ability to continue using the property as before but also the right to rebuild or extend it , provided the original building was not [were more than] by more than ten per cent .

Unable to pump in compressed air to equalise the water pressure — the air pressure required would have exceeded legal limits — Fairclough and Thames had to find a machine that could operate under such conditions .
unable to pump in compressed air to equalise the water pressure — the air pressure required would have [were more than] legal limits — fairclough and thames had to find a machine that could operate under such conditions .

The Bazaar totally exceeded all expectations , and was a rousing success , raising in excess of £6,000 when the Building Committee had only dared to hope to raise at the most optimistic a sum of £5,000 .
the bazaar totally [were more than] all expectations , and was a rousing success , raising in excess of £6,000 when the building committee had only dared to hope to raise at the most optimistic a sum of £5,000 .

Since 1965 the number recorded along the coast in any winter has not exceeded about 170 birds , and the largest count in one locality was of 101 birds .
since 1965 the number recorded along the coast in any winter has not [were more than] about 170 birds , and the largest count in one locality was of 101 birds .

Elsewhere the numbers seen together have rarely exceeded 10 to 30 birds .
elsewhere the numbers seen together have rarely [were more than] 10 to 30 birds .

In grass marsh breeding densities are not apparently very high ; even in very favourable areas counts have rarely exceeded 20–30 pairs per 2,500 acres ( 10 sq.km . )
in grass marsh breeding densities are not apparently very high ; even in very favourable areas counts have rarely [were more than] 20–30 pairs per 2,500 acres ( 10 sq.km . )

Most wintering reports come from the coast from Langney Point to the Midrips , particularly Rye Bay and , excepting passage birds , numbers further west have only exceeded about 10 birds in very cold weather .
most wintering reports come from the coast from langney point to the midrips , particularly rye bay and , excepting passage birds , numbers further west have only [were more than] about 10 birds in very cold weather .

However , although the rates of crime in the large cities have always exceeded the rates in rural areas , the increase in crime rates this century has been a universal phenomenon .
however , although the rates of crime in the large cities have always [were more than] the rates in rural areas , the increase in crime rates this century has been a universal phenomenon .

This attempted to establish uniform expenditure targets that , if substantially exceeded , would initiate penalties .
this attempted to establish uniform expenditure targets that , if substantially [were more than] , would initiate penalties .

After droughts first began in 1969 , the Sahel zone , already one of high risk , became a famine zone as crop yields declined and the remaining vegetation was depleted by overgrazing as carrying capacity was exceeded .
after droughts first began in 1969 , the sahel zone , already one of high risk , became a famine zone as crop yields declined and the remaining vegetation was depleted by overgrazing as carrying capacity was [were more than] .

believe that there is potential for improving productivity , including the introduction of legume-rich swards , though as yet the developments in cropping have far exceeded efforts to improve pasture lands .
believe that there is potential for improving productivity , including the introduction of legume-rich swards , though as yet the developments in cropping have far [were more than] efforts to improve pasture lands .

Such conservation work is , however , being hindered by the huge growth in tourism that has occurred since 1970 , and although there is in theory a master plan which in the mid-1970s allowed for a maximum of 12 000 visitors per year , de Groot states that since 1979 this number has been increasingly exceeded .
such conservation work is , however , being hindered by the huge growth in tourism that has occurred since 1970 , and although there is in theory a master plan which in the mid-1970s allowed for a maximum of 12 000 visitors per year , de groot states that since 1979 this number has been increasingly [were more than] .

But they should not compare the two sets of drawings too closely , as the competition schemes were part of a larger layout , and Scott 's latest design was for a much smaller building which , although it included an official residence , hardly exceeded the bulk and cost of the original office part alone .
but they should not compare the two sets of drawings too closely , as the competition schemes were part of a larger layout , and scott 's latest design was for a much smaller building which , although it included an official residence , hardly [were more than] the bulk and cost of the original office part alone .

The defendants appealed their jury convictions on the ground that the Civil Rights Act exceeded the authority of Congress .
the defendants appealed their jury convictions on the ground that the civil rights act [were more than] the authority of congress .

When the case reached the Supreme Court , six justices found that Congress had exceeded its authority under the Fourteenth Amendment.41 The spirit of the decision dovetails well with the Court ’ s decision in 1883 to overturn the first civil rights acts as an excessive claim of congressional authority .
when the case reached the supreme court , six justices found that congress had [were more than] its authority under the fourteenth amendment.41 the spirit of the decision dovetails well with the court ’ s decision in 1883 to overturn the first civil rights acts as an excessive claim of congressional authority .

The numbers killed will never be known : in Bali alone the total casualties may have exceeded 60,000 .
the numbers killed will never be known : in bali alone the total casualties may have [were more than] 60,000 .

Millemann , who worked at Legal Aid for three years beginning in the late 1960s , said Joseph `` has exceeded my expectations of what 's possible by 500 percent .
millemann , who worked at legal aid for three years beginning in the late 1960s , said joseph `` has [were more than] my expectations of what 's possible by 500 percent .

After the initial summary evaluation ratings are assigned , the senior executives ' ratings are converted into points-an `` outstanding '' rating converts to six points ; an `` exceeded '' to four points , which is the baseline ; a `` met '' to two points ; and a `` not met '' to zero points .
after the initial summary evaluation ratings are assigned , the senior executives ' ratings are converted into points-an `` outstanding '' rating converts to six points ; an `` [were more than] '' to four points , which is the baseline ; a `` met '' to two points ; and a `` not met '' to zero points .

For fiscal year 2001 , 31 percent of the senior executives received a rating of outstanding compared to 42 percent for fiscal year 2000 , 49 percent received a rating of exceeded expectations compared to 55 percent , and 20 percent received a rating of met expectations compared to 3 percent .
for fiscal year 2001 , 31 percent of the senior executives received a rating of outstanding compared to 42 percent for fiscal year 2000 , 49 percent received a rating of [were more than] expectations compared to 55 percent , and 20 percent received a rating of met expectations compared to 3 percent .

HHSC exceeded its goal by identifying $ 6.1 million for recovery .
hhsc [were more than] its goal by identifying $ 6.1 million for recovery .

The fee as originally enacted was modified by the Customs and Trade Act of 1990 to make it consistent with U.S. obligations under GATT ( the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ) after a GATT panel had ruled that the original fee ( a straight ad valorem fee ) exceeded the cost of services rendered and was a tax on imports that discriminated against imports in favor of domestic production .
the fee as originally enacted was modified by the customs and trade act of 1990 to make it consistent with u.s. obligations under gatt ( the general agreement on tariffs and trade ) after a gatt panel had ruled that the original fee ( a straight ad valorem fee ) [were more than] the cost of services rendered and was a tax on imports that discriminated against imports in favor of domestic production .

If benefits would have exceeded taxes , the OASDHI trust funds make a payment to the Railroad Social Security Equivalent Benefit Account ; if benefits would have been less , the OASDHI trust funds receive a payment .
if benefits would have [were more than] taxes , the oasdhi trust funds make a payment to the railroad social security equivalent benefit account ; if benefits would have been less , the oasdhi trust funds receive a payment .

Our response was that if the agency followed through with its proposed controls and that the benefits derived exceeded the cost , the modifications would be in accordance with Title 7 .
our response was that if the agency followed through with its proposed controls and that the benefits derived [were more than] the cost , the modifications would be in accordance with title 7 .

Their development cost and schedule results significantly exceeded estimates .
their development cost and schedule results significantly [were more than] estimates .

Other indicators of our performance , such as the number of testimonies our senior executives provided and recommendations implemented , exceeded that of most recent years .
other indicators of our performance , such as the number of testimonies our senior executives provided and recommendations implemented , [were more than] that of most recent years .

These results exceeded our target of $ 22 billion and were greater than that of the previous three fiscal years , as illustrated in the following graphic .
these results [were more than] our target of $ 22 billion and were greater than that of the previous three fiscal years , as illustrated in the following graphic .

Requests for GAO Testimony and Implementation of Recommendations Increased In fiscal year 2000 , the number of times that GAO 's senior executives testified before the Congress and the rate at which our recommendations were implemented exceeded that of most recent years .
requests for gao testimony and implementation of recommendations increased in fiscal year 2000 , the number of times that gao 's senior executives testified before the congress and the rate at which our recommendations were implemented [were more than] that of most recent years .

Target Fiscal year We also exceeded our performance of previous years with respect to the rate at which the recommendations we made 4 years ago were implemented .
target fiscal year we also [were more than] our performance of previous years with respect to the rate at which the recommendations we made 4 years ago were implemented .

GAO reported that HUD 's method for estimating funding for its Section 8 housing assistance resulted in requests that exceeded the agency 's needs .
gao reported that hud 's method for estimating funding for its section 8 housing assistance resulted in requests that [were more than] the agency 's needs .

For example , two organizations charged membership fees-one of which exceeded $ 25,000 a year-and other organizations requested people to provide support staff and analysts .
for example , two organizations charged membership fees-one of which [were more than] $ 25,000 a year-and other organizations requested people to provide support staff and analysts .

The cost of the Clean Water Act portion of the rule for these entities only exceeded 1 percent of revenues for one of the facilities and in no case did it exceed 3 percent .
the cost of the clean water act portion of the rule for these entities only [were more than] 1 percent of revenues for one of the facilities and in no case did it exceed 3 percent .

Prior to 1986 , the United States had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign assets exceeded foreign holdings of U.S. assets .
prior to 1986 , the united states had been a net creditor because its holdings of foreign assets [were more than] foreign holdings of u.s. assets .

The lag reflects the fact that the rate of return on U.S. assets abroad consistently exceeded the return on foreign-owned assets in the United States.14 Far , the net payments from the United States to foreign lenders have been small as a share of GDP , as shown in figure 3.3 .
the lag reflects the fact that the rate of return on u.s. assets abroad consistently [were more than] the return on foreign-owned assets in the united states.14 far , the net payments from the united states to foreign lenders have been small as a share of gdp , as shown in figure 3.3 .

As we reported in 1998 , potentially higher returns-albeit with greater risk-on the government 's stock holdings could boost Social Security 's financing and reduce the size of other revenue increases or benefit 41During the late 1970s and early 1980s , Social Security 's expenditures regularly exceeded revenues , causing a rapid decline in the trust fund 's balance and raising concerns about the program 's solvency .
as we reported in 1998 , potentially higher returns-albeit with greater risk-on the government 's stock holdings could boost social security 's financing and reduce the size of other revenue increases or benefit 41during the late 1970s and early 1980s , social security 's expenditures regularly [were more than] revenues , causing a rapid decline in the trust fund 's balance and raising concerns about the program 's solvency .

The current CIO exceeded their requirements .
the current cio [were more than] their requirements .

OPINION PER CURIAM : Client Centered Legal Services of Southwest Virginia , Incorporated and Hugh F. O'Donnell , its executive director ( collectively , `` CCLS '' ) , appeal an order of the district court granting judgment in favor of the Legal Services Corporation and two of its officers ( collectively , `` the LSC '' ) on CCLS 's claims that various actions by the LSC exceeded its statutory and regulatory authority .
opinion per curiam : client centered legal services of southwest virginia , incorporated and hugh f. o'donnell , its executive director ( collectively , `` ccls '' ) , appeal an order of the district court granting judgment in favor of the legal services corporation and two of its officers ( collectively , `` the lsc '' ) on ccls 's claims that various actions by the lsc [were more than] its statutory and regulatory authority .

However , control limits of ±2S , by definition , will be exceeded 5 % of the time , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
however , control limits of ±2s , by definition , will be [were more than] 5 % of the time , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .

Control limits for the NOECs will also be exceeded occasionally , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
control limits for the noecs will also be [were more than] occasionally , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .

However , control limits of ± 2S will be exceeded 5 % of the time by chance alone , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
however , control limits of ± 2s will be [were more than] 5 % of the time by chance alone , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .

In general , if that emission level is exceeded in 2018 or later , the trading program , which reflects the back-stop trading program already developed by the WRAP and is modeled after the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program , will require a separate set of allowances for affected EGUs in the WRAP State to be held covering emissions starting the third year after the level is exceeded .
in general , if that emission level is [were more than] in 2018 or later , the trading program , which reflects the back-stop trading program already developed by the wrap and is modeled after the new nationwide sulfur dioxide trading program , will require a separate set of allowances for affected egus in the wrap state to be held covering emissions starting the third year after the level is [were more than] .

Control limits for the NOECs will also be exceeded occasionally , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
control limits for the noecs will also be [were more than] occasionally , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .

However , control limits of ± 2S will be exceeded 5 % of the time by chance alone , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .
however , control limits of ± 2s will be [were more than] 5 % of the time by chance alone , regardless of how well a laboratory performs .

It has not only met expectations , but exceeded them .
it has not only met expectations , but [were more than] them .

The NYPD suffered 23 fatalities-the second largest loss of life of any police force in history , exceeded only by the number of PAPD officers lost the same day .
the nypd suffered 23 fatalities-the second largest loss of life of any police force in history , [were more than] only by the number of papd officers lost the same day .

At the primary checkpoints , in aggregate , screeners met or exceeded the average for overall , physical search , and X-ray detection , while falling below the norm for metal detection .
at the primary checkpoints , in aggregate , screeners met or [were more than] the average for overall , physical search , and x-ray detection , while falling below the norm for metal detection .

While the test results for physical search exceeded the national average , both the metal detector and X-ray results were below average .
while the test results for physical search [were more than] the national average , both the metal detector and x-ray results were below average .

Detection rates for metal detection , physical searches , and X-rays all met or exceeded the national averages .
detection rates for metal detection , physical searches , and x-rays all met or [were more than] the national averages .

Patients underwent successive treatment interruptions after an initial treatment period of at least 8 mo ( median , 508 d ; range , 245–1,096 d ) and were required to restart therapy when viral load exceeded 50,000 RNA copies/ml plasma on a single occasion , or 5,000 copies/ml for three consecutive weeks .
patients underwent successive treatment interruptions after an initial treatment period of at least 8 mo ( median , 508 d ; range , 245–1,096 d ) and were required to restart therapy when viral load [were more than] 50,000 rna copies/ml plasma on a single occasion , or 5,000 copies/ml for three consecutive weeks .

Insulin 's very success brought trouble , as demand far exceeded the supply .
insulin 's very success brought trouble , as demand far [were more than] the supply .

I agree with these predictions in two respects : that the degree of life extension achieved by first-generation drugs of this sort may well approach the ( currently unknown ) amount elicitable by caloric restriction itself in humans , and that it is unlikely to be much exceeded by later drugs that work the same way .
i agree with these predictions in two respects : that the degree of life extension achieved by first-generation drugs of this sort may well approach the ( currently unknown ) amount elicitable by caloric restriction itself in humans , and that it is unlikely to be much [were more than] by later drugs that work the same way .

In addition to expanded physical facilities since the completion of Science , Engineering and Technology Building Phase Two , several of the programs in the school have expanded in terms of student and faculty size ; the research and development contracts with federal and state agencies and private industry exceeded one million dollars in value for the first time last year ; interaction of faculty and students with the other schools on campus increased drastically in terms of joint research projects on medical imaging , computational neuroscience and biomechanics and the partnership with Naval Avionics Warfare Center and Naval Weapons Center flourished with the moving of Electronic Manufacturing Productivity Facility from California to a new facility within one mile of the main campus .
in addition to expanded physical facilities since the completion of science , engineering and technology building phase two , several of the programs in the school have expanded in terms of student and faculty size ; the research and development contracts with federal and state agencies and private industry [were more than] one million dollars in value for the first time last year ; interaction of faculty and students with the other schools on campus increased drastically in terms of joint research projects on medical imaging , computational neuroscience and biomechanics and the partnership with naval avionics warfare center and naval weapons center flourished with the moving of electronic manufacturing productivity facility from california to a new facility within one mile of the main campus .

It alone `` truly exceeded its advance hype , '' says People .
it alone `` truly [were more than] its advance hype , '' says people .

The impact of Orientalism far exceeded its subject , vast though that was .
the impact of orientalism far [were more than] its subject , vast though that was .

Nevertheless , the plan was denounced in the Iraqi press , where the government paper al-Jumhouriya said , `` The vicious British draft has even exceeded the unjust and cruel resolutions by the Security Council against Iraq . ''
nevertheless , the plan was denounced in the iraqi press , where the government paper al-jumhouriya said , `` the vicious british draft has even [were more than] the unjust and cruel resolutions by the security council against iraq . ''

Not much before that , the ratio exceeded nine in 10 .
not much before that , the ratio [were more than] nine in 10 .

Neither of these alternatives will recommend itself to a Congress whose desire to placate high-voting senior citizens is exceeded only by its desire to deliver big tax cuts .
neither of these alternatives will recommend itself to a congress whose desire to placate high-voting senior citizens is [were more than] only by its desire to deliver big tax cuts .

The cost had exceeded a level that any student of U.S. politics thought this country would endure for such a symbolic struggle ...
the cost had [were more than] a level that any student of u.s. politics thought this country would endure for such a symbolic struggle ...

The courts ruled that The Nation exceeded its fair-use rights in 1985 when it excerpted key sections of Gerald Ford 's memoir in an article that was published slightly before Ford 's book reached stores .
the courts ruled that the nation [were more than] its fair-use rights in 1985 when it excerpted key sections of gerald ford 's memoir in an article that was published slightly before ford 's book reached stores .

These papers all point out that the memo strongly suggests that Gore knew that the fund-raising calls he made from the White House were at least in part to raise hard money , which he had initially denied -- as well he might , since the amounts he apparently raised in those calls exceeded legal limits for hard money .
these papers all point out that the memo strongly suggests that gore knew that the fund-raising calls he made from the white house were at least in part to raise hard money , which he had initially denied -- as well he might , since the amounts he apparently raised in those calls [were more than] legal limits for hard money .

Take the following dance : `` Middle-class apprehensions about the angry , abandoned underclasses are now only exceeded by anxieties about blind thrust faults and hundred-year floods .
take the following dance : `` middle-class apprehensions about the angry , abandoned underclasses are now only [were more than] by anxieties about blind thrust faults and hundred-year floods .

An article argues that Timothy McVeigh 's view of the Constitution -- people may judge and overthrow a government that has exceeded its authority -- is consistent with the vision of the Founding Fathers ( but Lincoln forged a `` new Constitution '' based on `` nationhood , equality and democracy '' ) .
an article argues that timothy mcveigh 's view of the constitution -- people may judge and overthrow a government that has [were more than] its authority -- is consistent with the vision of the founding fathers ( but lincoln forged a `` new constitution '' based on `` nationhood , equality and democracy '' ) .

He 'd won his first major as a pro , the Masters , in April , and had done so with such record-smashing brilliance that he 'd actually exceeded the hype that had been built up around him .
he 'd won his first major as a pro , the masters , in april , and had done so with such record-smashing brilliance that he 'd actually [were more than] the hype that had been built up around him .

I really liked American Beauty , Three Kings , The Sixth Sense , The Blair Witch Project , and Being John Malkovich , to name but five of the very solid flicks that lived up to and even exceeded my expectations in the past few months .
i really liked american beauty , three kings , the sixth sense , the blair witch project , and being john malkovich , to name but five of the very solid flicks that lived up to and even [were more than] my expectations in the past few months .

In 1980 , 4.9 percent of interstate drivers exceeded the 65-mph limit ; in 1992 , that number rose to 23 percent .
in 1980 , 4.9 percent of interstate drivers [were more than] the 65-mph limit ; in 1992 , that number rose to 23 percent .

They are left either arguing , preposterously , that Clinton 's crimes are just as bad as Nixon 's or claiming that Nixon 's crimes far exceeded the threshold for impeachable offenses and should n't be the standard for judging Clinton 's .
they are left either arguing , preposterously , that clinton 's crimes are just as bad as nixon 's or claiming that nixon 's crimes far [were more than] the threshold for impeachable offenses and should n't be the standard for judging clinton 's .

Judge James Robertson ruled that 1 ) prosecutors unconstitutionally forced Hubbell to incriminate himself ( by using documents they got from him under a grant of immunity ) and 2 ) Starr exceeded his authority by going `` six degrees of relationship '' beyond the Whitewater S & L case to nail Hubbell on the far more recent tax charge .
judge james robertson ruled that 1 ) prosecutors unconstitutionally forced hubbell to incriminate himself ( by using documents they got from him under a grant of immunity ) and 2 ) starr [were more than] his authority by going `` six degrees of relationship '' beyond the whitewater s & l case to nail hubbell on the far more recent tax charge .

For example : Ibbotson Associates , the finance-statistics firm , has found only one 20-year period , from late 1928 to late 1948 , when the rate of return on Treasury bonds exceeded the return on the S & P 500 , and that was by a small fraction of one percentage point .
for example : ibbotson associates , the finance-statistics firm , has found only one 20-year period , from late 1928 to late 1948 , when the rate of return on treasury bonds [were more than] the return on the s & p 500 , and that was by a small fraction of one percentage point .

Even in nations where stock exchanges disappeared or were curtailed due to war or political catastrophe -- such as Japan or Germany -- returns to stocks exceeded returns to bonds over long periods .
even in nations where stock exchanges disappeared or were curtailed due to war or political catastrophe -- such as japan or germany -- returns to stocks [were more than] returns to bonds over long periods .

That 's because , over the last several years and for several to come , Social Security payroll taxes have far exceeded , and will continue to far exceed , the benefits paid out .
that 's because , over the last several years and for several to come , social security payroll taxes have far [were more than] , and will continue to far exceed , the benefits paid out .

This number was exceeded by another officer who sent 220 heads . ''
this number was [were more than] by another officer who sent 220 heads . ''

The New York Times goes instead with the Senate 's passage and sending on to the House a military pay and pension package that exceeded the Clinton administration 's proposal .
the new york times goes instead with the senate 's passage and sending on to the house a military pay and pension package that [were more than] the clinton administration 's proposal .

The federal judge , James Robertson , whom all the papers note is a Clinton appointee , ruled that in pursuing the tax case against Hubbell , Starr exceeded his authority and strayed too far from his original mandate of investigating President Clinton 's Arkansas real estate investments .
the federal judge , james robertson , whom all the papers note is a clinton appointee , ruled that in pursuing the tax case against hubbell , starr [were more than] his authority and strayed too far from his original mandate of investigating president clinton 's arkansas real estate investments .

Since a second copy exceeded the first by one hundred percent , it was considered an abundance .
since a second copy [were more than] the first by one hundred percent , it was considered an abundance .

