for , in either event , the first possibility is excluded .
for , in either event , the first possibility is [not included] .

If guilty , the offender might be excluded from membership .
if guilty , the offender might be [not included] from membership .

In answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether Communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the Cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of Communism's war against the West does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests .
in answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly [not included] : the success of communism's war against the west does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests .

Thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the Court's decision .
thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was [not included] from the court's decision .

Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data .
only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be [not included] for lack or paucity of data .

This `` grand division '' permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be excluded completely from some important class or classes .
this `` grand division '' permits many costs to be assigned in their entirety to some one class , such as street lighting , or at least to be [not included] completely from some important class or classes .

Also , if we had excluded the ladies we would have to that extent let the whole world know at least that much of where we stood .
also , if we had [not included] the ladies we would have to that extent let the whole world know at least that much of where we stood .

As Mrs. Letch Feeley , was it any wonder that I , once the social arbiter of Filmdom , was excluded from the smart entertainments given by the Astaires , the Coopers , the Gables , the Colmans , the Rathbones , the Taylors , the Thalbergs and such devout , closely knit families as the Barrymores and the Crosbys ? ?
as mrs. letch feeley , was it any wonder that i , once the social arbiter of filmdom , was [not included] from the smart entertainments given by the astaires , the coopers , the gables , the colmans , the rathbones , the taylors , the thalbergs and such devout , closely knit families as the barrymores and the crosbys ? ?

Welcome back : The number of children excluded or expelled from schools in the Central South area rose by forty-two per cent last year , yet the facilties to help them still vary widely .
welcome back : the number of children [not included] or expelled from schools in the central south area rose by forty-two per cent last year , yet the facilties to help them still vary widely .

They 've all been partially excluded from mainstream schools , where they found it hard to fit in .
they 've all been partially [not included] from mainstream schools , where they found it hard to fit in .

But unlike her Conservative and Liberal Democrat opponents she 's been excluded from the centenary dinner at the Town 's football club tonight .
but unlike her conservative and liberal democrat opponents she 's been [not included] from the centenary dinner at the town 's football club tonight .

My Parliamentary opponents would have been outraged if they 'd been excluded because of their colour .
my parliamentary opponents would have been outraged if they 'd been [not included] because of their colour .

By the next election , the town will be split into two seats to encompass parts of the town excluded by the Swindon boundary .
by the next election , the town will be split into two seats to encompass parts of the town [not included] by the swindon boundary .

If air is excluded such as in those liquid supplements in wine box style , then this is not a problem .
if air is [not included] such as in those liquid supplements in wine box style , then this is not a problem .

men excluded from wo , some part or other because it was causing so many problems .
men [not included] from wo , some part or other because it was causing so many problems .

Magistrates rejected an application for the press to be excluded from the hearing .
magistrates rejected an application for the press to be [not included] from the hearing .

Bert Connor , chairman of Clydeside Action on Asbestos , said : ‘ It 's not full parity if some people are excluded from benefiting . ’
bert connor , chairman of clydeside action on asbestos , said : ‘ it 's not full parity if some people are [not included] from benefiting . ’

Cameron Toll 's anchor tenant , Savacentre , will be excluded from the sale as they own their premises along with the petrol station .
cameron toll 's anchor tenant , savacentre , will be [not included] from the sale as they own their premises along with the petrol station .

For example , in April people who refuse to attend a job plan workshop after one year , rather than the current two years , stand to be excluded from benefit .
for example , in april people who refuse to attend a job plan workshop after one year , rather than the current two years , stand to be [not included] from benefit .

The growing bottleneck of senior women lawyers excluded from partnership means the issue of discrimination is beginning to bite .
the growing bottleneck of senior women lawyers [not included] from partnership means the issue of discrimination is beginning to bite .

Also preparing to hit the lobbying trail are Argyll & Bute district councillors , shocked to learn that they are apparently excluded from the Highlands and Islands Objective 1 zone because the district is in Strathclyde region .
also preparing to hit the lobbying trail are argyll & bute district councillors , shocked to learn that they are apparently [not included] from the highlands and islands objective 1 zone because the district is in strathclyde region .

Royal Dutch/Shell , which is not due to issue its 1992 figures for another ten days , is excluded from the comparisons .
royal dutch/shell , which is not due to issue its 1992 figures for another ten days , is [not included] from the comparisons .

If a company fails to meet one of these it is excluded from the portfolio .
if a company fails to meet one of these it is [not included] from the portfolio .

Under the new rules all traffic , including cyclists , will be excluded from Darlington 's Skinnergate and High Row between 10.30am and 4pm .
under the new rules all traffic , including cyclists , will be [not included] from darlington 's skinnergate and high row between 10.30am and 4pm .

The reporter to Strathclyde 's children 's panel had appealed the decision and giving yesterday 's judgment , Lord Murray , sitting with Lords Osborne and Wylie , said it had been pointed out that the sheriff had excluded any question of reasonable chastisement in this case .
the reporter to strathclyde 's children 's panel had appealed the decision and giving yesterday 's judgment , lord murray , sitting with lords osborne and wylie , said it had been pointed out that the sheriff had [not included] any question of reasonable chastisement in this case .

The 10 pits excluded from the inquiry , though technically under independent review , have no future .
the 10 pits [not included] from the inquiry , though technically under independent review , have no future .

England boss Graham Taylor yesterday excluded the Rangers ' midfielder from his squad for the vital World Cup qualifying match against Turkey in Izmir on 31 March .
england boss graham taylor yesterday [not included] the rangers ' midfielder from his squad for the vital world cup qualifying match against turkey in izmir on 31 march .

England boss Graham Taylor yesterday excluded the Rangers midfielder from his squad for the vital World Cup qualifying match against Turkey in Izmir on 31 March .
england boss graham taylor yesterday [not included] the rangers midfielder from his squad for the vital world cup qualifying match against turkey in izmir on 31 march .

Payton walked out on Celtic earlier in the season , miffed over being excluded from an Old Firm game .
payton walked out on celtic earlier in the season , miffed over being [not included] from an old firm game .

It is easily seen that all the probes producing ‘ blocks ’ of extra positives outside the main diagonal ( like those hitting the centromeric regions of all three chromosomes ) are successfully filtered out and most ( about 80 % ) of the coligated clones or those containing repeats are excluded from the analysis .
it is easily seen that all the probes producing ‘ blocks ’ of extra positives outside the main diagonal ( like those hitting the centromeric regions of all three chromosomes ) are successfully filtered out and most ( about 80 % ) of the coligated clones or those containing repeats are [not included] from the analysis .

He said the figures excluded urgent treatment cases and Darlington GPs had said to him that such cases could be dealt with in a matter of days .
he said the figures [not included] urgent treatment cases and darlington gps had said to him that such cases could be dealt with in a matter of days .

to help create a feel-good factor for the thousands of people who often feel excluded from much of the cultural life in Britain , despite being over-represented within the arts generally .
to help create a feel-good factor for the thousands of people who often feel [not included] from much of the cultural life in britain , despite being over-represented within the arts generally .

The social chapter would not provide any protection here as pay policy is excluded , apart from the equal pay issue ; but in terms of social security and employment conditions , it would be an important advance .
the social chapter would not provide any protection here as pay policy is [not included] , apart from the equal pay issue ; but in terms of social security and employment conditions , it would be an important advance .

Under regulations agreed with Durham county council , all traffic will be excluded from Skinnergate and High Row between 10.30am and 4pm .
under regulations agreed with durham county council , all traffic will be [not included] from skinnergate and high row between 10.30am and 4pm .

Four performances run , Sunday excluded , until Wednesday 26 .
four performances run , sunday [not included] , until wednesday 26 .

for which it is hard to identify ‘ units ’ of sale are excluded .
for which it is hard to identify ‘ units ’ of sale are [not included] .

The need to establish the legitimacy of the political system after the years of repression and apathy meant that previously excluded groups such as the organized working class had to be brought into the political process .
the need to establish the legitimacy of the political system after the years of repression and apathy meant that previously [not included] groups such as the organized working class had to be brought into the political process .

‘ While the committees normally held meetings in working hours with management 's permission , when disputes arose , chairmen frequently convened unauthorized meetings and excluded staff representatives if they disagreed with the positions of the union leadership ’ ( Cusumano , 1985 , p. 148 ) .
‘ while the committees normally held meetings in working hours with management 's permission , when disputes arose , chairmen frequently convened unauthorized meetings and [not included] staff representatives if they disagreed with the positions of the union leadership ’ ( cusumano , 1985 , p. 148 ) .

( Nationalized industry employees are excluded ; they produce commodities for the market and contribute directly to the pool of profits . )
( nationalized industry employees are [not included] ; they produce commodities for the market and contribute directly to the pool of profits . )

’ Louise and Ben had smiled at each other and Zoe had felt excluded .
’ louise and ben had smiled at each other and zoe had felt [not included] .

Fields in bird breeding areas directly to the north and west of Anglesey and Holyhead and bordering on the north west coastline of the Llyn Peninsula were excluded along with fields in breeding grounds of the bottle-nosed dolphin on the Moray Firth in Scotland and in Cardigan Bay , West Wales , were excluded .
fields in bird breeding areas directly to the north and west of anglesey and holyhead and bordering on the north west coastline of the llyn peninsula were [not included] along with fields in breeding grounds of the bottle-nosed dolphin on the moray firth in scotland and in cardigan bay , west wales , were [not included] .

Figures show that more than 12% of children permanently excluded from city schools last year were black .
figures show that more than 12% of children permanently [not included] from city schools last year were black .

The figures for black youngsters excluded indefinitely and for a fixed period were also above average .
the figures for black youngsters [not included] indefinitely and for a fixed period were also above average .

Out of a total 1,887 pupils excluded in all three categories last year , 164 ( 8.6% ) were black .
out of a total 1,887 pupils [not included] in all three categories last year , 164 ( 8.6% ) were black .

‘ This being the case it is clear that there is a need for greater intervention by members of the team before black children are excluded .
‘ this being the case it is clear that there is a need for greater intervention by members of the team before black children are [not included] .

Williamson was fined £350 , ordered to pay Mr Coulthard £120 compensation and excluded from all soccer grounds in this country for 12 months .
williamson was fined £350 , ordered to pay mr coulthard £120 compensation and [not included] from all soccer grounds in this country for 12 months .

If they did not make it they were excluded from the event .
if they did not make it they were [not included] from the event .

‘ It 's a shareholders meeting and the press are excluded , ’ confirmed a club official .
‘ it 's a shareholders meeting and the press are [not included] , ’ confirmed a club official .

At the next attempt , Odom excluded and when Cheshire had to take on the two Newcastle riders on his own , the result was just the same as in the initial race .
at the next attempt , odom [not included] and when cheshire had to take on the two newcastle riders on his own , the result was just the same as in the initial race .

However , top Junior trio Michelle McGreevy , Andrea Glover and joint Micro-Prix champion Dominic McGreevy have been excluded from the Class Three event , as well as Gary Derrick , another joint winner and Ballymena 's Maurice Johnston gaining promotion .
however , top junior trio michelle mcgreevy , andrea glover and joint micro-prix champion dominic mcgreevy have been [not included] from the class three event , as well as gary derrick , another joint winner and ballymena 's maurice johnston gaining promotion .

That 's probably a set of tyres or something - it 's not a great deal of money in this day and age - but then failure is limited to actual breakage , wear and tear is excluded , it does n't cover the cost of working materials such as gaskets , if the vehicle has been modified in any way it 's excluded , it excludes any personal injury resulting from the breakdown , it covers erm the schedule is invalid if you have not covered the servicing aspects on page ten , the servicing aspects on page ten require you within ten days or two hundred and fifty miles of three thousand miles intervals — most cars now are six thousand mile intervals — to have the oil changed , so there 's a built-in additional service , and so it goes on .
that 's probably a set of tyres or something - it 's not a great deal of money in this day and age - but then failure is limited to actual breakage , wear and tear is [not included] , it does n't cover the cost of working materials such as gaskets , if the vehicle has been modified in any way it 's [not included] , it excludes any personal injury resulting from the breakdown , it covers erm the schedule is invalid if you have not covered the servicing aspects on page ten , the servicing aspects on page ten require you within ten days or two hundred and fifty miles of three thousand miles intervals — most cars now are six thousand mile intervals — to have the oil changed , so there 's a built-in additional service , and so it goes on .

Choppy Spencer , you 've heard Harvey Markovitch suggest that if schools opted out certain very important facets of the schools might be trimmed down terrifically , or might be excluded altogether , like for instance music teaching .
choppy spencer , you 've heard harvey markovitch suggest that if schools opted out certain very important facets of the schools might be trimmed down terrifically , or might be [not included] altogether , like for instance music teaching .

Staff have previously been excluded from all tailormade leaflets due to reasons of security and ethics .
staff have previously been [not included] from all tailormade leaflets due to reasons of security and ethics .

Since it was intended to examine the ability of the normal book-provision system to cope with varying levels of demand by noting the relationship , if any , between the number of requests submitted in any one period and the average time for straightforward deliveries of ‘ ordinary ’ books from the Main Building within that period , requests for early or rare items , most of which are not supplied through the normal book-fetching channels , were excluded .
since it was intended to examine the ability of the normal book-provision system to cope with varying levels of demand by noting the relationship , if any , between the number of requests submitted in any one period and the average time for straightforward deliveries of ‘ ordinary ’ books from the main building within that period , requests for early or rare items , most of which are not supplied through the normal book-fetching channels , were [not included] .

Mr Cunningham had asked Mr Lamont to ‘ extend taxation of income to members of the Royal Family who are currently excluded . ’
mr cunningham had asked mr lamont to ‘ extend taxation of income to members of the royal family who are currently [not included] . ’

When asset sales are excluded , earnings per share rose from 3.4p to 5p , a 47pc increase .
when asset sales are [not included] , earnings per share rose from 3.4p to 5p , a 47pc increase .

It is , however , important to include only final goods and services : all intermediate goods must be excluded so that double-counting is avoided .
it is , however , important to include only final goods and services : all intermediate goods must be [not included] so that double-counting is avoided .

Although the screening increases capacitances to earth , these capacitances are definite , and extraneous potential differences are excluded from the arms of the bridge .
although the screening increases capacitances to earth , these capacitances are definite , and extraneous potential differences are [not included] from the arms of the bridge .

Such arrangements can be frustrating for salespeople and buyers alike , because they deter free competition ; the buyer does not like to be told from where he or she must purchase , just the same as the salesperson does not relish the thought of having a large part of his or her potential market permanently excluded because of a reciprocal trading arrangement .
such arrangements can be frustrating for salespeople and buyers alike , because they deter free competition ; the buyer does not like to be told from where he or she must purchase , just the same as the salesperson does not relish the thought of having a large part of his or her potential market permanently [not included] because of a reciprocal trading arrangement .

It should not be felt that selling overseas is such a specialist and complex area that the uninitiated must for ever be excluded , or that membership can only be purchased at the expense of having very costly specialist services .
it should not be felt that selling overseas is such a specialist and complex area that the uninitiated must for ever be [not included] , or that membership can only be purchased at the expense of having very costly specialist services .

The question that arises is whether Gandhi 's emphasis on brahmacārya , in the sense of sexual control , meant that married men were excluded from taking the vow .
the question that arises is whether gandhi 's emphasis on brahmacārya , in the sense of sexual control , meant that married men were [not included] from taking the vow .

Hailey 's reservations about Indirect Rule were based purely upon the practical consideration that in its dogmatic insistence on working only through the authentic traditional leadership it excluded other , possibly more effective , methods of securing the essential ‘ degree of acquiescence ’ in British rule .
hailey 's reservations about indirect rule were based purely upon the practical consideration that in its dogmatic insistence on working only through the authentic traditional leadership it [not included] other , possibly more effective , methods of securing the essential ‘ degree of acquiescence ’ in british rule .

Many women are excluded by current definitions of ‘ beauty ’ , but this article focuses on how being fat affects our sexual choices , particularly within the lesbian communities .
many women are [not included] by current definitions of ‘ beauty ’ , but this article focuses on how being fat affects our sexual choices , particularly within the lesbian communities .

Those women who do not conform to constructed aesthetic ideals are punished and excluded .
those women who do not conform to constructed aesthetic ideals are punished and [not included] .

The positive value attributed to thin bodies is dependent on definitions of fat as disgusting and diseased : fear and hatred of fat pervades contemporary Western cultures ; fat women are excluded from many activities and possibilities because of our size .
the positive value attributed to thin bodies is dependent on definitions of fat as disgusting and diseased : fear and hatred of fat pervades contemporary western cultures ; fat women are [not included] from many activities and possibilities because of our size .

And you feel excluded by the lesbian communities .
and you feel [not included] by the lesbian communities .

Feminist lesbians reject the ideology but continue the practice , for fat women are excluded from current ‘ acceptable ’ images within the lesbian communities .
feminist lesbians reject the ideology but continue the practice , for fat women are [not included] from current ‘ acceptable ’ images within the lesbian communities .

Whilst ever sexual relationships are foregrounded and idealised , those of us without a lover will be made to feel inferior and excluded .
whilst ever sexual relationships are foregrounded and idealised , those of us without a lover will be made to feel inferior and [not included] .

Most diet advisers sternly insist that you weigh every single thing before putting it in your mouth ( cigarettes and fingernails , only , excluded ) .
most diet advisers sternly insist that you weigh every single thing before putting it in your mouth ( cigarettes and fingernails , only , [not included] ) .

Thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working conditions in factories and mines ( Swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain appropriate safety standards ( Erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( Liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( Silverman and Lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( Braithwaite and Geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( Swigert and Farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also excluded .
thus the criminal law defines only some types of avoidable killing as murder : it excludes , for example , deaths resulting from acts of negligence , such as employers ' failure to maintain safe working conditions in factories and mines ( swartz 1975 ) ; or deaths resulting from an organization 's reluctance to maintain appropriate safety standards ( erickson 1976 ) ; or deaths which result from governmental agencies ' giving environmental health risks a low priority ( liazos 1972 ) ; or deaths resulting from drug manufacturers ' failure to conduct adequate research on new chemical compounds before embarking on aggressive marketing campaigns ( silverman and lee 1974 ) ; or deaths from a dangerous drug that was approved by health authorities on the strength of a bribe from a pharmaceutical company ( braithwaite and geis 1981 ) ; or deaths resulting from car manufacturers refusing to recall and repair thousands of known defective vehicles because they calculate that the costs of meeting civil damages will be less ( swigert and farrell 1981 ) ; and in most jurisdictions deaths resulting from drunken or reckless people driving cars with total indifference to the potential cost in terms of human lives are also [not included] .

Consequently this chapter settles on Schrager and Short 's amended definition of corporate crime whilst remaining sensitive to those avoidable harmful corporate acts which are excluded .
consequently this chapter settles on schrager and short 's amended definition of corporate crime whilst remaining sensitive to those avoidable harmful corporate acts which are [not included] .

The frequency count collected for each gram can be used as a way of deciding which grams to include if rarer items are to be excluded .
the frequency count collected for each gram can be used as a way of deciding which grams to include if rarer items are to be [not included] .

The interest which is most frequently , though not exclusively , excluded from participation is one based on feelings of ‘ public concern ’ , for example , over the environment , or quality of life , as opposed to private , property-related interests , or the public interest , which is articulated by professional public administrators .
the interest which is most frequently , though not exclusively , [not included] from participation is one based on feelings of ‘ public concern ’ , for example , over the environment , or quality of life , as opposed to private , property-related interests , or the public interest , which is articulated by professional public administrators .

In the end , the odd man out is excluded .
in the end , the odd man out is [not included] .

( ii ) Infants — when the age of majority was reduced from 21 to 18 years for most purposes , qualification for sitting in the House of Commons was expressly excluded from its ambit ( Family Law Reform Act 1969 , s.1 ( 4 ) .
( ii ) infants — when the age of majority was reduced from 21 to 18 years for most purposes , qualification for sitting in the house of commons was expressly [not included] from its ambit ( family law reform act 1969 , s.1 ( 4 ) .

Everyone agreed that this was a sensible decision , with the exception of growers from the more outlying districts , in particular the Midi , who had a vested interest in selling to Champagne and who would certainly be excluded .
everyone agreed that this was a sensible decision , with the exception of growers from the more outlying districts , in particular the midi , who had a vested interest in selling to champagne and who would certainly be [not included] .

But the arguments soon broke out again , because the Aube wines , although not officially included as Champagne wines , were not officially excluded either .
but the arguments soon broke out again , because the aube wines , although not officially included as champagne wines , were not officially [not included] either .

When they 're excluded , a great many calories will go with them !
when they 're [not included] , a great many calories will go with them !

Tubes are therefore the ideal container for them as air is excluded .
tubes are therefore the ideal container for them as air is [not included] .

There are people who should be excluded from high position .
there are people who should be [not included] from high position .

These people should be excluded , because they 'll be punished in special camps .
these people should be [not included] , because they 'll be punished in special camps .

Two practical features of Tripp 's proposals were his advocacy of a hierarchy of roads — arterial , sub-arterial and local — and the use of ‘ precincts ’ of shopping , business or residences from which traffic would be excluded .
two practical features of tripp 's proposals were his advocacy of a hierarchy of roads — arterial , sub-arterial and local — and the use of ‘ precincts ’ of shopping , business or residences from which traffic would be [not included] .

One of Buchanan 's enduring practical proposals was that of a hierarchy of urban roads , which would be so arranged as to create ‘ urban rooms ’ from which through traffic would be excluded .
one of buchanan 's enduring practical proposals was that of a hierarchy of urban roads , which would be so arranged as to create ‘ urban rooms ’ from which through traffic would be [not included] .

Around are already overloaded traffic streets on to which traffic excluded from a Woonerf must be superimposed .
around are already overloaded traffic streets on to which traffic [not included] from a woonerf must be superimposed .

Who scored more than 100 runs in his last match as England 's captain ( contemporary players excluded ) ?
who scored more than 100 runs in his last match as england 's captain ( contemporary players [not included] ) ?

For example , Fanshel and Shinn 's large study ( 1978 ) of children in care in New York State excluded those entering care over the age of 11 , offenders and those whose stay in care was less than 90 days .
for example , fanshel and shinn 's large study ( 1978 ) of children in care in new york state [not included] those entering care over the age of 11 , offenders and those whose stay in care was less than 90 days .

She feels they might underestimate the prevalence and notes that in the American study by Russell ( 1986 ) , which was particularly careful in choosing and training interviewers , the prevalence rate uncovered , for intrafamilial and extrafamilial sexual abuse was 58 per cent when non-contact abuse was included and 38 per cent when it was excluded .
she feels they might underestimate the prevalence and notes that in the american study by russell ( 1986 ) , which was particularly careful in choosing and training interviewers , the prevalence rate uncovered , for intrafamilial and extrafamilial sexual abuse was 58 per cent when non-contact abuse was included and 38 per cent when it was [not included] .

The diagnosis was confirmed or excluded by applying the criteria mentioned above to the relatives ' medical records from hospitals or private physicians .
the diagnosis was confirmed or [not included] by applying the criteria mentioned above to the relatives ' medical records from hospitals or private physicians .

The Warsaw Convention , with all its amendments , protocols and variations , seeks to limit the liability of international air carriers to a specific sum of money while acknowledging the air carrier ( airline ) as the only party liable ; that is to say aircraft manufacturers , component manufacturers , pilots , engineers , air traffic controllers and governments who operate airports and navigation services are excluded from all liability unless negligence can be proved .
the warsaw convention , with all its amendments , protocols and variations , seeks to limit the liability of international air carriers to a specific sum of money while acknowledging the air carrier ( airline ) as the only party liable ; that is to say aircraft manufacturers , component manufacturers , pilots , engineers , air traffic controllers and governments who operate airports and navigation services are [not included] from all liability unless negligence can be proved .

Laud was arrested by Parliament , as were ten other bishops who had protested that the sessions of the House of Lords were illegal because the bishops had been excluded by the mob .
laud was arrested by parliament , as were ten other bishops who had protested that the sessions of the house of lords were illegal because the bishops had been [not included] by the mob .

Tubes are therefore the ideal container for them as air is excluded .
tubes are therefore the ideal container for them as air is [not included] .

In our attempts to take racism seriously we denied the importance of heterosexism by allowing it to remain excluded from the agenda .
in our attempts to take racism seriously we denied the importance of heterosexism by allowing it to remain [not included] from the agenda .

In girls ' work , for example , we began to learn from our experiences and commit ourselves to ensuring that facilities were genuinely available also to Jewish young women — that we tackled anti-Semitism ; that young women with disabilities were not excluded , and that we looked at our oppressive attitudes to disability and the institutions in which these were enshrined .
in girls ' work , for example , we began to learn from our experiences and commit ourselves to ensuring that facilities were genuinely available also to jewish young women — that we tackled anti-semitism ; that young women with disabilities were not [not included] , and that we looked at our oppressive attitudes to disability and the institutions in which these were enshrined .

Sharp rise in number of pupils being excluded
sharp rise in number of pupils being [not included]

The study reveals that the numbers excluded for a fixed short period ( up to five days ) has almost doubled in the last three years .
the study reveals that the numbers [not included] for a fixed short period ( up to five days ) has almost doubled in the last three years .

Pupils excluded indefinitely ( usually for not more than 15 days ) has trebled since 1989 .
pupils [not included] indefinitely ( usually for not more than 15 days ) has trebled since 1989 .

Essex education officers are concerned that it is becoming increasingly difficult to find an alternative school for excluded pupils and to match up exam courses .
essex education officers are concerned that it is becoming increasingly difficult to find an alternative school for [not included] pupils and to match up exam courses .

Most students went through their school life without being excluded and schools regarded this step as a last resort .
most students went through their school life without being [not included] and schools regarded this step as a last resort .

‘ These workshops bring in people of mixed physical and mental disabilities , who are usually excluded from these sort of things .
‘ these workshops bring in people of mixed physical and mental disabilities , who are usually [not included] from these sort of things .

Much research into early Anglo-Saxon England is accompanied by a high degree of innocence , with time-honoured methods being applied despite their failure to deepen understanding of man 's past ; techniques applied to other periods tend to be excluded as though they are not relevant to an historic period .
much research into early anglo-saxon england is accompanied by a high degree of innocence , with time-honoured methods being applied despite their failure to deepen understanding of man 's past ; techniques applied to other periods tend to be [not included] as though they are not relevant to an historic period .

Prescott 's enumeration of Labour 's ‘ old vision ’ was inadequate — because of what it excluded as well as for its needless commitment to public ownership .
prescott 's enumeration of labour 's ‘ old vision ’ was inadequate — because of what it [not included] as well as for its needless commitment to public ownership .

All she knew was that the one excluded the other and she could not have both .
all she knew was that the one [not included] the other and she could not have both .

The compensating disadvantage is that when conflict exists there will be more than one efficient solution , but at least we would expect to have excluded those non-preferred solutions which could never be optimal .
the compensating disadvantage is that when conflict exists there will be more than one efficient solution , but at least we would expect to have [not included] those non-preferred solutions which could never be optimal .

The reader feels entertained , but in an excluded sort of way , rather as though he or she were the butler at a particularly lively dessert at Lincoln 's Inn .
the reader feels entertained , but in an [not included] sort of way , rather as though he or she were the butler at a particularly lively dessert at lincoln 's inn .

The argument runs something like this , whether in the territories that were once Yugoslavia or the islands that will one day no longer be the United Kingdom : since the state mainly belongs to them , we others are excluded , and therefore want to seek to establish our own state .
the argument runs something like this , whether in the territories that were once yugoslavia or the islands that will one day no longer be the united kingdom : since the state mainly belongs to them , we others are [not included] , and therefore want to seek to establish our own state .

From this , we will not be excluded , but will in turn exclude them , including some of those who might find themselves in the terrain of our state because their being on our state threatens the unity of our state , just as they perceive us to be a threat to their unity , and so on and so on .
from this , we will not be [not included] , but will in turn exclude them , including some of those who might find themselves in the terrain of our state because their being on our state threatens the unity of our state , just as they perceive us to be a threat to their unity , and so on and so on .

Backbench MPs , and even out-of-favour shadow cabinet members have been sidelined and excluded from decision-making along with the trade unions and constituency parties .
backbench mps , and even out-of-favour shadow cabinet members have been sidelined and [not included] from decision-making along with the trade unions and constituency parties .

As this summer 's trippers to Spain will discover , the excluded , the powerless , the one-third that are ignored and taken for granted , can still have their say .
as this summer 's trippers to spain will discover , the [not included] , the powerless , the one-third that are ignored and taken for granted , can still have their say .

Fertility rites were held for her , from which men were excluded , and phallic symbols such as piglets , snakes and pine cones were used to decorate her shrine and thus encourage the generation of seed in the earth .
fertility rites were held for her , from which men were [not included] , and phallic symbols such as piglets , snakes and pine cones were used to decorate her shrine and thus encourage the generation of seed in the earth .

Apart from explorers and travellers , one of the first Englishmen to settle in Madeira was William Bolton , in 1695 , when he took advantage of the Act of Charles 11 which prohibited the export of goods grown or manufactured in Europe to the West Indies and American Colonies , unless shipped from British ports in British ships , with Madeira specifically excluded from its terms .
apart from explorers and travellers , one of the first englishmen to settle in madeira was william bolton , in 1695 , when he took advantage of the act of charles 11 which prohibited the export of goods grown or manufactured in europe to the west indies and american colonies , unless shipped from british ports in british ships , with madeira specifically [not included] from its terms .

Now Scotland 's middle class feels excluded , especially those like teachers and doctors working in the public sector .
now scotland 's middle class feels [not included] , especially those like teachers and doctors working in the public sector .

At the trials of Calley and others — either because the defence lawyers succeeded in having it excluded or because journalists wanted to spare their readers — the horrifyng detail was not reported .
at the trials of calley and others — either because the defence lawyers succeeded in having it [not included] or because journalists wanted to spare their readers — the horrifyng detail was not reported .

It was delightfully snug and companionable there in the firelight , with the roar of the seas outside muted , all draughts excluded , sufficiently warm without being too hot ; for the fireplace was no less than twelve feet wide , its lintel a massive slab of stone more than that in length , reputedly taken from a Pictish stone circle , so that the ingle was like a little open room of its own in the thickness of the walling .
it was delightfully snug and companionable there in the firelight , with the roar of the seas outside muted , all draughts [not included] , sufficiently warm without being too hot ; for the fireplace was no less than twelve feet wide , its lintel a massive slab of stone more than that in length , reputedly taken from a pictish stone circle , so that the ingle was like a little open room of its own in the thickness of the walling .

It should be noted at this point that all broadcasting in the colonial territories was initiated and administered by the colonial governments : the private entrepreneur has been virtually excluded from broadcasting on the African continent .
it should be noted at this point that all broadcasting in the colonial territories was initiated and administered by the colonial governments : the private entrepreneur has been virtually [not included] from broadcasting on the african continent .

Goodwill is specifically excluded from the selling price ( again , this is customary in the trade ) .
goodwill is specifically [not included] from the selling price ( again , this is customary in the trade ) .

He felt inordinately pleased to be seeing , at last , the place where his wife had grown up and from which , until now , he had been excluded .
he felt inordinately pleased to be seeing , at last , the place where his wife had grown up and from which , until now , he had been [not included] .

This shift from a conflictual dyadic political structure is not simply a question of historical change , of the recent appearance of ‘ minorities ’ : after all the slave was already constituted simultaneously according to different groups ( for example male or female ) , the Lumpenproletariat always had to be excluded .
this shift from a conflictual dyadic political structure is not simply a question of historical change , of the recent appearance of ‘ minorities ’ : after all the slave was already constituted simultaneously according to different groups ( for example male or female ) , the lumpenproletariat always had to be [not included] .

The objection therefore to totalization is not founded on any simple analogy with totalitarianism — though neither can this be excluded — but rather on the implicit violence of ontology itself , in which the same constitutes itself through a form of negativity in relation to the other , producing all knowledge by appropriating and sublating the other within itself .
the objection therefore to totalization is not founded on any simple analogy with totalitarianism — though neither can this be [not included] — but rather on the implicit violence of ontology itself , in which the same constitutes itself through a form of negativity in relation to the other , producing all knowledge by appropriating and sublating the other within itself .

The rest are excluded .
the rest are [not included] .

In the first place , he contests its equation with any anthropological definition of ‘ man ’ ; in the second , he argues that Sartre 's description of history as making up one ‘ History ’ with one meaning is only achieved through the exclusion of all other histories with other meanings : the totalization can only totalize if everything which remains other to it is excluded .
in the first place , he contests its equation with any anthropological definition of ‘ man ’ ; in the second , he argues that sartre 's description of history as making up one ‘ history ’ with one meaning is only achieved through the exclusion of all other histories with other meanings : the totalization can only totalize if everything which remains other to it is [not included] .

Instead of upholding one at the expense of the other , Bachelard offers the possibility of a deconstructive history which would reinscribe that which had been excluded ; this could also enable a differential history of science and ideology , accounting for the perpetuation of ideology after the production of science .
instead of upholding one at the expense of the other , bachelard offers the possibility of a deconstructive history which would reinscribe that which had been [not included] ; this could also enable a differential history of science and ideology , accounting for the perpetuation of ideology after the production of science .

The history of madness would be the history of the Other — of that which , for a given culture , is at once interior and foreign , therefore to be excluded ( so as to exorcise the interior danger ) but by being shut away ( in order to reduce its otherness ) ; whereas the history of the order imposed on things would be the history of the Same — of that which , for a given culture , is both dispersed and related , therefore to be distinguished by kinds and to be collected together into identities . ( xxiv )
the history of madness would be the history of the other — of that which , for a given culture , is at once interior and foreign , therefore to be [not included] ( so as to exorcise the interior danger ) but by being shut away ( in order to reduce its otherness ) ; whereas the history of the order imposed on things would be the history of the same — of that which , for a given culture , is both dispersed and related , therefore to be distinguished by kinds and to be collected together into identities . ( xxiv )

Foucault thus modifies his argument that reason simply excluded madness and initiated the possibility of history by suggesting instead that the histories of the Other and of the Same are necessarily implicated within each other .
foucault thus modifies his argument that reason simply [not included] madness and initiated the possibility of history by suggesting instead that the histories of the other and of the same are necessarily implicated within each other .

Just as much of the discussion of youth had excluded female youth , they were also almost entirely about white male youth .
just as much of the discussion of youth had [not included] female youth , they were also almost entirely about white male youth .

But this was a world from which women were largely excluded and few thought to question the relationship between the public world of politics and the private world of the family .
but this was a world from which women were largely [not included] and few thought to question the relationship between the public world of politics and the private world of the family .

Women are still likely to be excluded precisely because they so rarely exercise public power .
women are still likely to be [not included] precisely because they so rarely exercise public power .

By questioning the taken for granted boundary of the political which operates so that women 's experiences and concerns are often excluded , research should take account of women 's distinctive political contributions .
by questioning the taken for granted boundary of the political which operates so that women 's experiences and concerns are often [not included] , research should take account of women 's distinctive political contributions .

Having looked at the evidence we concluded that wherever public power has been separated from private power , women have been excluded from it .
having looked at the evidence we concluded that wherever public power has been separated from private power , women have been [not included] from it .

In the modern age , institutions outside the family have been created to administer public affairs and women were for a long time expressly excluded .
in the modern age , institutions outside the family have been created to administer public affairs and women were for a long time expressly [not included] .

The newly developing notions of individualism , associated with the rise of capitalism and with the successive struggles of men to become citizens of their state , excluded women who remained non-persons .
the newly developing notions of individualism , associated with the rise of capitalism and with the successive struggles of men to become citizens of their state , [not included] women who remained non-persons .

For children in primary and secondary schools , the issue has been how to make the national curriculum sufficiently flexible to accommodate children with special educational needs , while safeguarding their rights not to be excluded from mainstream education .
for children in primary and secondary schools , the issue has been how to make the national curriculum sufficiently flexible to accommodate children with special educational needs , while safeguarding their rights not to be [not included] from mainstream education .

Often they are simply excluded from studies , on the grounds that ‘ race ’ variations will distort findings .
often they are simply [not included] from studies , on the grounds that ‘ race ’ variations will distort findings .

The unknown , unscientific , ‘ feminine ’ aspects of subjectivity remain excluded and unwritten .
the unknown , unscientific , ‘ feminine ’ aspects of subjectivity remain [not included] and unwritten .

Feminist analyses of the interdependence in psychology of biologically and socially gendered subjects , and the excluded , secondary status of the latter , also provide good examples .
feminist analyses of the interdependence in psychology of biologically and socially gendered subjects , and the [not included] , secondary status of the latter , also provide good examples .

Is a recognition of contradictory yet interdependent , included and excluded meanings enough to provide feminist psychology with a double address to subjectivity and to gender relations ?
is a recognition of contradictory yet interdependent , included and [not included] meanings enough to provide feminist psychology with a double address to subjectivity and to gender relations ?

Those without economic or political power — the working class — are , therefore , excluded from sharing in , amongst other things , the economic wealth of a country .
those without economic or political power — the working class — are , therefore , [not included] from sharing in , amongst other things , the economic wealth of a country .

If one were to include other categories of ‘ news ’ , such as ‘ Law , police and accidents ’ — a category excluded from the public affairs one — then the reader would have had access to substantial amounts of information about the outside world .
if one were to include other categories of ‘ news ’ , such as ‘ law , police and accidents ’ — a category [not included] from the public affairs one — then the reader would have had access to substantial amounts of information about the outside world .

As the case study of Channel Four ( see below ) amply demonstrates , concerned groups and individuals attempted to keep these services out of the competitive struggle between the two giants of broadcasting in the hope that they would be better able to serve previously excluded minority groups in society .
as the case study of channel four ( see below ) amply demonstrates , concerned groups and individuals attempted to keep these services out of the competitive struggle between the two giants of broadcasting in the hope that they would be better able to serve previously [not included] minority groups in society .

Clearly , if it was to be successful in redistributing work , those who controlled the market should be excluded completely or relatively .
clearly , if it was to be successful in redistributing work , those who controlled the market should be [not included] completely or relatively .

If this excluded option is allowed back into the debate , and the claim that our existing intuitions should not be given the last word is seriously considered , the authority of the case for individualism is immediately questioned .
if this [not included] option is allowed back into the debate , and the claim that our existing intuitions should not be given the last word is seriously considered , the authority of the case for individualism is immediately questioned .

In Chapter ii we found that a good deal of social science has been informed by this view ; but it is nevertheless natural to wonder why individualism should be excluded from the group of disciplines that aim to provide us with a grasp of the social world .
in chapter ii we found that a good deal of social science has been informed by this view ; but it is nevertheless natural to wonder why individualism should be [not included] from the group of disciplines that aim to provide us with a grasp of the social world .

Grand confrontations in restaurants or at other people 's dinner parties are thus excluded .
grand confrontations in restaurants or at other people 's dinner parties are thus [not included] .

Ironically Pembroke , the most recently developed area , where today new routes are tumbling out of the sky as fast as the climbers , has become the place where descriptions — starred pitches probably excluded — still offend mightily under the grade descriptions act .
ironically pembroke , the most recently developed area , where today new routes are tumbling out of the sky as fast as the climbers , has become the place where descriptions — starred pitches probably [not included] — still offend mightily under the grade descriptions act .

when organic disease has been excluded
when organic disease has been [not included]

These labels have to be deliberately excluded in order to define the problem ( s ) exactly .
these labels have to be deliberately [not included] in order to define the problem ( s ) exactly .

Naturally , during the process of test construction , those items which are particularly unreliable are excluded .
naturally , during the process of test construction , those items which are particularly unreliable are [not included] .

Children whose first language was not English were excluded from the sample .
children whose first language was not english were [not included] from the sample .

Where certain categories of children have been excluded from the standardisation sample , it is necessary to exercise extreme caution when using the test with any children from those categories .
where certain categories of children have been [not included] from the standardisation sample , it is necessary to exercise extreme caution when using the test with any children from those categories .

At the other extreme is the stance taken on the MoD 's continuing tenure , which insists that it is not proper that the public continue to be excluded some of the time from all , and all of the time from some , of the finest coastal scenery in the British Isles .
at the other extreme is the stance taken on the mod 's continuing tenure , which insists that it is not proper that the public continue to be [not included] some of the time from all , and all of the time from some , of the finest coastal scenery in the british isles .

On the other hand , though , all descriptions of climbing here were excluded from the last Pembroke guide by the Climbers ' Club 's editor for the volume .
on the other hand , though , all descriptions of climbing here were [not included] from the last pembroke guide by the climbers ' club 's editor for the volume .

My young friend Ed Douglas is wrong in assuming that Victor Saunders is excluded from hero-candidacy by virtue of his Gordonstoun education , but right in suggesting its irrelevance ( April issue ) .
my young friend ed douglas is wrong in assuming that victor saunders is [not included] from hero-candidacy by virtue of his gordonstoun education , but right in suggesting its irrelevance ( april issue ) .

The latter was properly the business of epistemology and to be excluded from the scientific practice of sociology .
the latter was properly the business of epistemology and to be [not included] from the scientific practice of sociology .

But a number of feminists have suggested that women in many cultures and many situations are partly or even totally excluded from this kind of formal discourse .
but a number of feminists have suggested that women in many cultures and many situations are partly or even totally [not included] from this kind of formal discourse .

It makes perfect sense that old , disabled and non-adult persons should be excluded from the reference of this phrase , but no sense that women should be excluded — unless the word adult really means adult male .
it makes perfect sense that old , disabled and non-adult persons should be [not included] from the reference of this phrase , but no sense that women should be [not included] — unless the word adult really means adult male .

Feeling threatened by family hostility , and in danger of being excluded from the family , the daughter re-assumes her caring role , albeit with increasing resentment .
feeling threatened by family hostility , and in danger of being [not included] from the family , the daughter re-assumes her caring role , albeit with increasing resentment .

Only half understanding the significance of it , Constance realised as she stood watching the rain that her mother had a secret , separate life in a grown-up world from which she was excluded .
only half understanding the significance of it , constance realised as she stood watching the rain that her mother had a secret , separate life in a grown-up world from which she was [not included] .

Press and public were then excluded from the court as lawyers debated whether an alleged tape recording of Newall was admissible as evidence .
press and public were then [not included] from the court as lawyers debated whether an alleged tape recording of newall was admissible as evidence .

This means it has to be new , capable of industrial application , involve an innovation , and not be excluded as a special case — such as military inventions .
this means it has to be new , capable of industrial application , involve an innovation , and not be [not included] as a special case — such as military inventions .

To ensure she and her children are not quietly excluded from the Royal inner circle , she insisted she should be allowed , on State occasions , to join the Prince for official functions such as the Remembrance Day service at the Cenotaph and that , from time to time , she and her children should be official guests at Sandringham and Buckingham Palace .
to ensure she and her children are not quietly [not included] from the royal inner circle , she insisted she should be allowed , on state occasions , to join the prince for official functions such as the remembrance day service at the cenotaph and that , from time to time , she and her children should be official guests at sandringham and buckingham palace .

The exemption under para 10 ( 1 ) was therefore excluded by para 15 ( 3 ) ( ba ) , Sch 6 .
the exemption under para 10 ( 1 ) was therefore [not included] by para 15 ( 3 ) ( ba ) , sch 6 .

In accepting the Crown 's application , Lord Coulsfield said that the general rule of law was that evidence which was relevant to the issue was admissible unless excluded by some peremptory rule of law .
in accepting the crown 's application , lord coulsfield said that the general rule of law was that evidence which was relevant to the issue was admissible unless [not included] by some peremptory rule of law .

The main thrust of the standard is that if a parent controls an undertaking ( the standard includes the new definitions of parent and subsidiary undertaking introduced by the Act ) , it should be consolidated , and only in exceptional circumstances should an undertaking controlled by a parent be excluded .
the main thrust of the standard is that if a parent controls an undertaking ( the standard includes the new definitions of parent and subsidiary undertaking introduced by the act ) , it should be consolidated , and only in exceptional circumstances should an undertaking controlled by a parent be [not included] .

It was clothed in a long striped garment resembling a priestly gown from which only the head , hands and feet were excluded .
it was clothed in a long striped garment resembling a priestly gown from which only the head , hands and feet were [not included] .

This course was rejected partially out of inertia , and partially because it would have been strongly opposed by the English-educated Sri Lankan élite , who held judicial posts and dominated the legal profession , but who were excluded from the executive branch of government .
this course was rejected partially out of inertia , and partially because it would have been strongly opposed by the english-educated sri lankan élite , who held judicial posts and dominated the legal profession , but who were [not included] from the executive branch of government .

Early in the twentieth century these figures were replaced by police statistics which , unlike the earlier series , included cases for which there was no specific accused person , but excluded cases which the authorities believed were false .
early in the twentieth century these figures were replaced by police statistics which , unlike the earlier series , included cases for which there was no specific accused person , but [not included] cases which the authorities believed were false .

The major bus undertakings and the UndergrounD railways ( including the Metropolitan ) were also taken over on that day , and the minor bus operators were drawn in one at a time later , but the main line railway companies ( including their suburban services ) were excluded .
the major bus undertakings and the underground railways ( including the metropolitan ) were also taken over on that day , and the minor bus operators were drawn in one at a time later , but the main line railway companies ( including their suburban services ) were [not included] .

By discussing their family backgrounds , they had achieved some insight into why they had excluded sex from their relationship .
by discussing their family backgrounds , they had achieved some insight into why they had [not included] sex from their relationship .

’ Inter-company profit arising on such sales is excluded from the group 's profit .
’ inter-company profit arising on such sales is [not included] from the group 's profit .

The expansion of Brighton provided a number of new churches but they depended for the clergy 's livelihood on rented pews and the poor were virtually excluded .
the expansion of brighton provided a number of new churches but they depended for the clergy 's livelihood on rented pews and the poor were virtually [not included] .

With terrorism suddenly specifically excluded , tenants and landlords faced being left with a very expensive hole in the ground , and no cover for the disruption of their business .
with terrorism suddenly specifically [not included] , tenants and landlords faced being left with a very expensive hole in the ground , and no cover for the disruption of their business .

Explain clearly how you reach your cost figure ; in particular , state any assumptions that you make and explain why any figures have been included or excluded .
explain clearly how you reach your cost figure ; in particular , state any assumptions that you make and explain why any figures have been included or [not included] .

When debt and equity securities fall into neither of the previous two categories , they would be classified as securities available for sale and reported at fair value , but any unrealised gains and losses would be excluded from earnings and reported as a separate component of shareholders ' equity .
when debt and equity securities fall into neither of the previous two categories , they would be classified as securities available for sale and reported at fair value , but any unrealised gains and losses would be [not included] from earnings and reported as a separate component of shareholders ' equity .

Older people were not necessarily unwilling to be excluded , as the existence of ‘ retirement movements ’ in various industrialized countries demonstrates ( Guillemaud , 1983 ) .
older people were not necessarily unwilling to be [not included] , as the existence of ‘ retirement movements ’ in various industrialized countries demonstrates ( guillemaud , 1983 ) .

The counts were made in one , arbitrary , direction ( corresponding to the long axis of the fragment ) and transitions involving short-wave cones were excluded .
the counts were made in one , arbitrary , direction ( corresponding to the long axis of the fragment ) and transitions involving short-wave cones were [not included] .

We presume that the behaviour depends on subcortical pathways involving the superior colliculus , although given the early abnormalities of these brains , anomalous projections to the hemisphere ipsilateral to the stimulus can not be excluded .
we presume that the behaviour depends on subcortical pathways involving the superior colliculus , although given the early abnormalities of these brains , anomalous projections to the hemisphere ipsilateral to the stimulus can not be [not included] .

In these and all other analyses , we have excluded all species whose long tails may have mechanical functions other than flight ( such as acting as a brace when climbing ) .
in these and all other analyses , we have [not included] all species whose long tails may have mechanical functions other than flight ( such as acting as a brace when climbing ) .

The permanent members of the Security Council , who during the cold war were excluded from some operations , are being looked to more and more .
the permanent members of the security council , who during the cold war were [not included] from some operations , are being looked to more and more .

Those ‘ best bits ’ do not include the unions , excluded this time to their disgust .
those ‘ best bits ’ do not include the unions , [not included] this time to their disgust .

The Supreme Court has agreed to consider whether potential jurors may be excluded from a case because of their sex .
the supreme court has agreed to consider whether potential jurors may be [not included] from a case because of their sex .

After the Greek civil war , the losers were excluded from public life for more than three decades .
after the greek civil war , the losers were [not included] from public life for more than three decades .

( The Punjab Jail Manual ( 1975 : 345 ) even states specifically that ‘ Non-criminal lunatics shall be entirely excluded from all statistical returns relating to jails .
( the punjab jail manual ( 1975 : 345 ) even states specifically that ‘ non-criminal lunatics shall be entirely [not included] from all statistical returns relating to jails .

On the contrary , it sees it as in some circumstances actually commendable , but restricts this by declaring that ( 1 ) it should not be used ‘ indiscriminately ’ for the restoration of unity , ( 2 ) the fact that communion should ‘ signify unity ’ means that it is ‘ generally ’ to be excluded , at least if somehow it ‘ would damage the unity of the Church ’ , ( 3 ) it must never involve ‘ formal acceptance of falsehood or the danger of deviation in the faith , scandal or indifferentism ’ .
on the contrary , it sees it as in some circumstances actually commendable , but restricts this by declaring that ( 1 ) it should not be used ‘ indiscriminately ’ for the restoration of unity , ( 2 ) the fact that communion should ‘ signify unity ’ means that it is ‘ generally ’ to be [not included] , at least if somehow it ‘ would damage the unity of the church ’ , ( 3 ) it must never involve ‘ formal acceptance of falsehood or the danger of deviation in the faith , scandal or indifferentism ’ .

All personal characteristics of offenders , including their subjective intent , should be excluded from consideration ; the sole measure of the punishment should be the objective harm done .
all personal characteristics of offenders , including their subjective intent , should be [not included] from consideration ; the sole measure of the punishment should be the objective harm done .

The moral problem arises from Beccaria 's insistence that all personal characteristics of offenders and circumstances of their offences should be excluded from consideration in determining punishments .
the moral problem arises from beccaria 's insistence that all personal characteristics of offenders and circumstances of their offences should be [not included] from consideration in determining punishments .

What Jeffery ( and Matza , who quotes Jeffery in support of his own position ) are pointing to here is that whatever positivists chose as the causes of crime , even when they were ‘ external ’ such as ‘ social and group ’ factors , they always excluded the nature and operation of the criminal law from consideration ; such things were simply not taken to be implicated in the process of causing criminal behaviour .
what jeffery ( and matza , who quotes jeffery in support of his own position ) are pointing to here is that whatever positivists chose as the causes of crime , even when they were ‘ external ’ such as ‘ social and group ’ factors , they always [not included] the nature and operation of the criminal law from consideration ; such things were simply not taken to be implicated in the process of causing criminal behaviour .

This is probably due to confusion caused by Beccaria 's advocacy of proportionality : his version , of course , specifically excluded any concern with justice and desert .
this is probably due to confusion caused by beccaria 's advocacy of proportionality : his version , of course , specifically [not included] any concern with justice and desert .

All conventional religious structures would be excluded from this sanction , as they were utterly ineffectual , and presented a useful distraction for some souls who might have been tempted towards esoteric practices .
all conventional religious structures would be [not included] from this sanction , as they were utterly ineffectual , and presented a useful distraction for some souls who might have been tempted towards esoteric practices .

Unlike advertising , however , they could be excluded from a definition of mass media because by twentieth-century standards they did not spread their messages quickly and simultaneously , nor to audiences that were large in relation to the communities within which they circulated .
unlike advertising , however , they could be [not included] from a definition of mass media because by twentieth-century standards they did not spread their messages quickly and simultaneously , nor to audiences that were large in relation to the communities within which they circulated .

Northern Ireland was largely excluded , both from circulation and , until the renewed troubles after 1969 , from coverage .
northern ireland was largely [not included] , both from circulation and , until the renewed troubles after 1969 , from coverage .

By 1974 , the third Press Commission excluded it from its tables and statistics .
by 1974 , the third press commission [not included] it from its tables and statistics .

Who should be excluded from the air ?
who should be [not included] from the air ?

The second would be to hold by-elections in areas that were excluded from this week 's election because they were controlled by the Khmers Rouges .
the second would be to hold by-elections in areas that were [not included] from this week 's election because they were controlled by the khmers rouges .

Whichever side has the story right , the CBoT is , for now , excluded from one of the most important co-operative developments afoot , one with long-term implications for the American markets ' competitiveness against newer , faster-growing derivatives markets in Europe .
whichever side has the story right , the cbot is , for now , [not included] from one of the most important co-operative developments afoot , one with long-term implications for the american markets ' competitiveness against newer , faster-growing derivatives markets in europe .

Its rivals have excluded its inspectors from their installations .
its rivals have [not included] its inspectors from their installations .

One result is that the old parties face a growing challenge from new groups led by energetic men who have been excluded from the ruling class because of their race or their class .
one result is that the old parties face a growing challenge from new groups led by energetic men who have been [not included] from the ruling class because of their race or their class .

There were strict age limits for entry to the training establishment maintained by the Company to train its recruits , for cadets and writers had to enter within the ages of fifteen and twenty-two , and there was thus great anxiety to secure a place in a director 's list which would ensure that an appointment could be secured before age excluded the candidate for ever .
there were strict age limits for entry to the training establishment maintained by the company to train its recruits , for cadets and writers had to enter within the ages of fifteen and twenty-two , and there was thus great anxiety to secure a place in a director 's list which would ensure that an appointment could be secured before age [not included] the candidate for ever .

Holman stresses that lack of contact did not necessarily reflect parental wishes ( in fact nearly half of the parents wanted their children back ) , but parents felt they were being tacitly excluded by the agency .
holman stresses that lack of contact did not necessarily reflect parental wishes ( in fact nearly half of the parents wanted their children back ) , but parents felt they were being tacitly [not included] by the agency .

The includers are not always merely disinterested advocates of a philosophy , but people who have become so through experience , through the sheer amount of time they spend with members of the excluded social group .
the includers are not always merely disinterested advocates of a philosophy , but people who have become so through experience , through the sheer amount of time they spend with members of the [not included] social group .

Balbinder , who had been excluded from all deliberations about his future , had not seen his new school yet .
balbinder , who had been [not included] from all deliberations about his future , had not seen his new school yet .

Although the rectitude which he sought was personal rather than public , this did not mean that public rectitude , which had required that the vacancy at Canterbury should be filled as soon as possible , was excluded from consideration .
although the rectitude which he sought was personal rather than public , this did not mean that public rectitude , which had required that the vacancy at canterbury should be filled as soon as possible , was [not included] from consideration .

This would have excluded the whole ecclesiastical section of landholding society from the ordinary complex of feudal relationships , and in doing this , it would have threatened the cohesion of a kingdom in a way that no earlier reforming decree had done .
this would have [not included] the whole ecclesiastical section of landholding society from the ordinary complex of feudal relationships , and in doing this , it would have threatened the cohesion of a kingdom in a way that no earlier reforming decree had done .

After all , although in possession of his revenues , he was still excluded from his archbishopric , and it is remarkable that he waited so patiently .
after all , although in possession of his revenues , he was still [not included] from his archbishopric , and it is remarkable that he waited so patiently .

This was of course extremely generous , but he extended his generosity to no other local saint after the first archbishop St Augustine , whom he could never have excluded .
this was of course extremely generous , but he extended his generosity to no other local saint after the first archbishop st augustine , whom he could never have [not included] .

To imagine that the revived realism of the 1950s and after excluded other possibilities , then , is to misunderstand its nature , and the chauvinism of the school was always something of a pose .
to imagine that the revived realism of the 1950s and after [not included] other possibilities , then , is to misunderstand its nature , and the chauvinism of the school was always something of a pose .

The former suggests that retirement spread through unfettered consumer desire for more leisure , that industrialization progressively excluded older workers but also created the national wealth and political will ( through the establishment of mass democracy ) to support them on state pension schemes , and that increasing personal prosperity led to the individual 's growing ability to save through a private pension .
the former suggests that retirement spread through unfettered consumer desire for more leisure , that industrialization progressively [not included] older workers but also created the national wealth and political will ( through the establishment of mass democracy ) to support them on state pension schemes , and that increasing personal prosperity led to the individual 's growing ability to save through a private pension .

Indeed , the very idea of resistance is generally excluded from social-control theories , because the deviant group is perceived to be powerless , forever the object of someone else 's control , never the subject of its own thoughts and actions .
indeed , the very idea of resistance is generally [not included] from social-control theories , because the deviant group is perceived to be powerless , forever the object of someone else 's control , never the subject of its own thoughts and actions .

Daylight regrettably is excluded , apart from an occasional glimmer , but in compensation the light level for the paintings is reasonably high and constant with no modish alternation of spotlighting and shadow .
daylight regrettably is [not included] , apart from an occasional glimmer , but in compensation the light level for the paintings is reasonably high and constant with no modish alternation of spotlighting and shadow .

It was the time spent with this woman that became instrumental in deterring Millie from making her escape from this prayer-ridden , ignorant set of women , from which Mother Francis must be excluded .
it was the time spent with this woman that became instrumental in deterring millie from making her escape from this prayer-ridden , ignorant set of women , from which mother francis must be [not included] .

Defence was excluded because it was controversial , given the presence as founder members of two states , Sweden and Ireland , which still professed a policy of neutrality .
defence was [not included] because it was controversial , given the presence as founder members of two states , sweden and ireland , which still professed a policy of neutrality .

Not surprisingly , Britain was annoyed at being excluded from any consultation .
not surprisingly , britain was annoyed at being [not included] from any consultation .

On the other hand , economics could not be excluded entirely from Council sessions .
on the other hand , economics could not be [not included] entirely from council sessions .

In the abolition efforts of 1805–7 , rousing support deliberately excluded the use of public meetings in both London and the provinces .
in the abolition efforts of 1805–7 , rousing support deliberately [not included] the use of public meetings in both london and the provinces .

He was also for much of the middle part of his life financially sufficiently insecure to look to the personal aid and patronage of others , including Claphamites , from whose psychologically stabilising intimacies he was excluded .
he was also for much of the middle part of his life financially sufficiently insecure to look to the personal aid and patronage of others , including claphamites , from whose psychologically stabilising intimacies he was [not included] .

Traditional and unquestioned attitudes towards women and your role may have to be changed … You must not be excluded from the process of pastoral planning and decision making ’ .
traditional and unquestioned attitudes towards women and your role may have to be changed … you must not be [not included] from the process of pastoral planning and decision making ’ .

There were working-class regulars but the vast majority of the working class would have been excluded , at least in part by the cost and social ambience of the halls but far more by their geographical location .
there were working-class regulars but the vast majority of the working class would have been [not included] , at least in part by the cost and social ambience of the halls but far more by their geographical location .

Of course , possible historical relationships between different sign languages should not be excluded as a reason for similarities between two sign languages .
of course , possible historical relationships between different sign languages should not be [not included] as a reason for similarities between two sign languages .

Hope perceived this as acutely as anyone else ; he had experienced being called a black bastard , being physically abused , being spat at , being excluded .
hope perceived this as acutely as anyone else ; he had experienced being called a black bastard , being physically abused , being spat at , being [not included] .

In fact , blacks used the Titanic disaster as a symbolic setting for the confrontation between the privileged whites and the poverty-stricken blacks who were excluded from the vessel ( Levine , 1977 , p.427 ) .
in fact , blacks used the titanic disaster as a symbolic setting for the confrontation between the privileged whites and the poverty-stricken blacks who were [not included] from the vessel ( levine , 1977 , p.427 ) .

Answers came in the form of an alternative world championship for the excluded black boxers .
answers came in the form of an alternative world championship for the [not included] black boxers .

Literature , apart from a reference to the Liverpool poets , is excluded from his working-class pupils ' experience of English in school .
literature , apart from a reference to the liverpool poets , is [not included] from his working-class pupils ' experience of english in school .

Because of this , and despite their obviousness to commonsense experience , they have been excluded from formal analysis .
because of this , and despite their obviousness to commonsense experience , they have been [not included] from formal analysis .

The model does not claim to include all the possible determinants of union growth , and because it is concerned with the rate of change ( rather than the level ) of union membership influences such as the structure of the labour force , which exhibit little annual variation , are excluded .
the model does not claim to include all the possible determinants of union growth , and because it is concerned with the rate of change ( rather than the level ) of union membership influences such as the structure of the labour force , which exhibit little annual variation , are [not included] .

But if the private world of family life is a world fraught with tension and danger for parents and children , it is far more frightening for the elderly : they may very well find themselves excluded from it .
but if the private world of family life is a world fraught with tension and danger for parents and children , it is far more frightening for the elderly : they may very well find themselves [not included] from it .

Since 1966 , the volume of new fixed-sum and other retail credit has certainly increased . The figures below show this ( the basis of the official statistics changed early in 1977 ; since then charges made for credit have been excluded , and some new categories of lender included ; the changes in money terms more or less balanced each other ) :
since 1966 , the volume of new fixed-sum and other retail credit has certainly increased . the figures below show this ( the basis of the official statistics changed early in 1977 ; since then charges made for credit have been [not included] , and some new categories of lender included ; the changes in money terms more or less balanced each other ) :

If mail order is excluded , much the same proportions of people patronised the various types of shopping centre , and types of shop , for their most recent non-routine purchase , regardless of whether they were buying on credit or buying for cash .
if mail order is [not included] , much the same proportions of people patronised the various types of shopping centre , and types of shop , for their most recent non-routine purchase , regardless of whether they were buying on credit or buying for cash .

Whereas for John the Kingdom came as a threat to a people who were unprepared , for Jesus it represented good news to those who felt unworthy or excluded .
whereas for john the kingdom came as a threat to a people who were unprepared , for jesus it represented good news to those who felt unworthy or [not included] .

Their very ‘ friendliness ’ towards each other may have excluded others by its exclusiveness .
their very ‘ friendliness ’ towards each other may have [not included] others by its exclusiveness .

The police had been excluded from prior knowledge of the arrests , but quickly built up an accurate picture .
the police had been [not included] from prior knowledge of the arrests , but quickly built up an accurate picture .

At the same time , the additional possibility is not excluded that some of the crimes may have been chosen for the ‘ allegations ’ because individuals in high places had vested interests in having them pinned on persons other than the real culprits .
at the same time , the additional possibility is not [not included] that some of the crimes may have been chosen for the ‘ allegations ’ because individuals in high places had vested interests in having them pinned on persons other than the real culprits .

The denial was less than helpful to London as it excluded only one specific army unit .
the denial was less than helpful to london as it [not included] only one specific army unit .

12.1 Except to the extent that liability may by statute not lawfully be excluded in an Agreement of this nature and between the respective Parties hereto , any statement , condition or warranty , expressed or implied , statutory or otherwise , as to the quality , marketability , suitability or fitness for any particular purpose of the Licensed Software is hereby excluded and shall not be liable to or to any other persons for loss or damage , whether direct or consequential , arising directly or indirectly from the use of the Licensed Software or any modification or enhancement thereof and any documentation , manual or training relating thereto .
12.1 except to the extent that liability may by statute not lawfully be [not included] in an agreement of this nature and between the respective parties hereto , any statement , condition or warranty , expressed or implied , statutory or otherwise , as to the quality , marketability , suitability or fitness for any particular purpose of the licensed software is hereby [not included] and shall not be liable to or to any other persons for loss or damage , whether direct or consequential , arising directly or indirectly from the use of the licensed software or any modification or enhancement thereof and any documentation , manual or training relating thereto .

8.8 If any sub-clause of this clause 8 is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law then it should be deemed to be omitted and if as a result either party becomes liable for loss or damage which would otherwise have been excluded then such liability shall be subject to the remaining sub-clauses of this clause 8 .
8.8 if any sub-clause of this clause 8 is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law then it should be deemed to be omitted and if as a result either party becomes liable for loss or damage which would otherwise have been [not included] then such liability shall be subject to the remaining sub-clauses of this clause 8 .

The identity was forged as by articulating ‘ the people ’ as ‘ the nation ’ , the delineation of which excluded all non-English .
the identity was forged as by articulating ‘ the people ’ as ‘ the nation ’ , the delineation of which [not included] all non-english .

In areas of policy where liberal corporatism prevails political leaders and party organizations are either excluded defacto from policy-making or compelled by their dependence upon the external elites to surrender some of their public powers to steer the state .
in areas of policy where liberal corporatism prevails political leaders and party organizations are either [not included] defacto from policy-making or compelled by their dependence upon the external elites to surrender some of their public powers to steer the state .

Hence elite sclerosis increases the likelihood that those excluded from power will invest in a collective effort to promote a new counter-elite which attempts to precipitate a wholesale regime change .
hence elite sclerosis increases the likelihood that those [not included] from power will invest in a collective effort to promote a new counter-elite which attempts to precipitate a wholesale regime change .

Even if upward social mobility amongst non-political elites is possible , the absence of any alternation of political parties in power may also breed anti-system frustration amongst the leadership groups of minorities that are permanently excluded from access to governmental power .
even if upward social mobility amongst non-political elites is possible , the absence of any alternation of political parties in power may also breed anti-system frustration amongst the leadership groups of minorities that are permanently [not included] from access to governmental power .

For example , territorially based regional parties may adopt secessionist strategies or ‘ micro-nationalism ’ , whilst parties organizing ethnic groups or social classes excluded from representation in government may adopt ‘ ghetto politics ’ and refuse to participate in the political system .
for example , territorially based regional parties may adopt secessionist strategies or ‘ micro-nationalism ’ , whilst parties organizing ethnic groups or social classes [not included] from representation in government may adopt ‘ ghetto politics ’ and refuse to participate in the political system .

He argues that the traditional forms of representative government , which effectively excluded the popular masses or isolated and controlled them through local notables , is ‘ no longer an adequate instrument ’ .
he argues that the traditional forms of representative government , which effectively [not included] the popular masses or isolated and controlled them through local notables , is ‘ no longer an adequate instrument ’ .

Such celestial unions may compete with their earthly counterparts , and the idea that the spirits should sexually possess their devotees is by no means excluded .
such celestial unions may compete with their earthly counterparts , and the idea that the spirits should sexually possess their devotees is by no means [not included] .

There , in the early days of contact with whites , young men and minor chiefs excluded from positions of authority in the traditional establishment were suddenly and unaccountably seized by capricious water-spirits .
there , in the early days of contact with whites , young men and minor chiefs [not included] from positions of authority in the traditional establishment were suddenly and unaccountably seized by capricious water-spirits .

The old Company invested heavily in the shares of the new Company , so that its shareholders would in any case not be totally excluded from Indian trade , and the companies moved towards a compromise .
the old company invested heavily in the shares of the new company , so that its shareholders would in any case not be totally [not included] from indian trade , and the companies moved towards a compromise .

The growing concern about marital rape exemplifies how some forms of serious sexual violence can be excluded from both the law and media coverage .
the growing concern about marital rape exemplifies how some forms of serious sexual violence can be [not included] from both the law and media coverage .

Questions concerned with access to the curriculum lie at the heart of any whole-school policy . What factors limit the access of certain children to the curriculum ? What modifications are necessary to ensure fuller curriculum access ? Are there areas of the curriculum from which some children are excluded ? Is this because they are thought ‘ unlikely to be able to benefit ’ ? And even if they are physically present , are there particular lessons or activities which are inaccessible because textbooks or work-sheets demand a level of literacy and comprehension which effectively prevent access ? Are there tasks in which children partly or wholly fail to understand the language which the teacher is using ? Are some teaching styles inappropriate for individual children ?
questions concerned with access to the curriculum lie at the heart of any whole-school policy . what factors limit the access of certain children to the curriculum ? what modifications are necessary to ensure fuller curriculum access ? are there areas of the curriculum from which some children are [not included] ? is this because they are thought ‘ unlikely to be able to benefit ’ ? and even if they are physically present , are there particular lessons or activities which are inaccessible because textbooks or work-sheets demand a level of literacy and comprehension which effectively prevent access ? are there tasks in which children partly or wholly fail to understand the language which the teacher is using ? are some teaching styles inappropriate for individual children ?

By being excluded in this way , it should soon learn to become more receptive when told to sit under these circumstances .
by being [not included] in this way , it should soon learn to become more receptive when told to sit under these circumstances .

The institutions of Shavante society are such that women are usually excluded , except as ‘ objects ’ , from its public aspects .
the institutions of shavante society are such that women are usually [not included] , except as ‘ objects ’ , from its public aspects .

Women are also excluded from most features of the highly elaborated age-set system .
women are also [not included] from most features of the highly elaborated age-set system .

Excluded from the technical Pacific , these are now part of the real Pacific .
[not included] from the technical pacific , these are now part of the real pacific .

Finally , the sixth Pacific segment contains those countries that , until lately , have been utterly excluded from consideration — those of South America .
finally , the sixth pacific segment contains those countries that , until lately , have been utterly [not included] from consideration — those of south america .

Such claims may be excluded where they arise from circumstances outside the builder 's control .
such claims may be [not included] where they arise from circumstances outside the builder 's control .

If unavoidable delays do occur the operative should be paid at the basic rate and the hours excluded from bonus calculations .
if unavoidable delays do occur the operative should be paid at the basic rate and the hours [not included] from bonus calculations .

If invoices remain unchecked after the 14th of the month they will be excluded from the monthly close down of the cost accounts , treated as late invoices and costed to the following month .
if invoices remain unchecked after the 14th of the month they will be [not included] from the monthly close down of the cost accounts , treated as late invoices and costed to the following month .

provision for both block and individual exemptions from the prohibition , following the example of Article 85(3) ; the test to be applied is that of technical or economic improvement ; a general public-interest criterion is specifically excluded , despite being asked for by , among others , the professions which are to be included in the scope of the legislation , unlike the existing Restrictive Trades Practices Act 1976 ;
provision for both block and individual exemptions from the prohibition , following the example of article 85(3) ; the test to be applied is that of technical or economic improvement ; a general public-interest criterion is specifically [not included] , despite being asked for by , among others , the professions which are to be included in the scope of the legislation , unlike the existing restrictive trades practices act 1976 ;

Christina stood back , feeling isolated and excluded , as Stephen planted a kiss on his daughter 's forehead .
christina stood back , feeling isolated and [not included] , as stephen planted a kiss on his daughter 's forehead .

The translator could have used the feminine form of the verb , but s/he possibly felt that it would also have been marked or that it might have unnecessarily excluded potential male users .
the translator could have used the feminine form of the verb , but s/he possibly felt that it would also have been marked or that it might have unnecessarily [not included] potential male users .

the inclusive/exclusive dimension : English we has two translations in Bahasa Indonesia , involving a choice between kami and kita , depending on whether the addressee is included or excluded ;
the inclusive/exclusive dimension : english we has two translations in bahasa indonesia , involving a choice between kami and kita , depending on whether the addressee is included or [not included] ;

Following source-language norms may involve minimal change in overall meaning ( other factors excluded ) .
following source-language norms may involve minimal change in overall meaning ( other factors [not included] ) .

This would be a severe difficulty in the United Kingdom , where a larger proportion of the population would be excluded than in the United States ; indeed the method is probably suitable only in countries where a very substantial number of people own telephones .
this would be a severe difficulty in the united kingdom , where a larger proportion of the population would be [not included] than in the united states ; indeed the method is probably suitable only in countries where a very substantial number of people own telephones .

Thus , for example , inclusion of the frequently occurring item and , which shows high frequency deletion , skews the data considerably ; for this reason , Labov excluded and from his original study of final stop deletion ( Labov 1980 : xvi ) .
thus , for example , inclusion of the frequently occurring item and , which shows high frequency deletion , skews the data considerably ; for this reason , labov [not included] and from his original study of final stop deletion ( labov 1980 : xvi ) .

The following categories of workers are excluded : working proprietors , partners , the self-employed , wives working for husbands , husbands working for wives , persons working in their own homes , former employees on the payroll as pensioners only , and private domestic staff working in private households ( McCallum and Adams , 1981 ) .
the following categories of workers are [not included] : working proprietors , partners , the self-employed , wives working for husbands , husbands working for wives , persons working in their own homes , former employees on the payroll as pensioners only , and private domestic staff working in private households ( mccallum and adams , 1981 ) .

Yet Labour can not hope to control any debate at Westminster from which Scottish MPs are excluded , even if it should win a majority at a future election .
yet labour can not hope to control any debate at westminster from which scottish mps are [not included] , even if it should win a majority at a future election .

Behind this lay the complaint that the judiciary had been effectively excluded from policy-making .
behind this lay the complaint that the judiciary had been effectively [not included] from policy-making .

The Conspiracy and Protection of Property Act 1875 restated the criminal offence of ‘ watching or besetting ’ but excluded from that activity ‘ attending at or near the house or place where a person resides , or works , or carries on business , or happens to be … in order merely to obtain or communicate information ’ .
the conspiracy and protection of property act 1875 restated the criminal offence of ‘ watching or besetting ’ but [not included] from that activity ‘ attending at or near the house or place where a person resides , or works , or carries on business , or happens to be … in order merely to obtain or communicate information ’ .

Disputes between workers and workers — demarcation disputes — are excluded ; so are disputes between workers and an employer unless he is their own .
disputes between workers and workers — demarcation disputes — are [not included] ; so are disputes between workers and an employer unless he is their own .

If Frankie , like David Bowie before them , suggest that the most ‘ natural ’ of rock 's meanings , its ‘ raunchiness ’ , is just another ( and rather dreary ) pose — a pose in which the other boys in the band are , ironically , trapped — women are still excluded from the fun .
if frankie , like david bowie before them , suggest that the most ‘ natural ’ of rock 's meanings , its ‘ raunchiness ’ , is just another ( and rather dreary ) pose — a pose in which the other boys in the band are , ironically , trapped — women are still [not included] from the fun .

The conventional sociological reading of youth sub-cultures as resisting bourgeois cultural hegemony makes no sense of the casuals — they 're involved in a stylistic refusal to be excluded from dominant images of the good life .
the conventional sociological reading of youth sub-cultures as resisting bourgeois cultural hegemony makes no sense of the casuals — they 're involved in a stylistic refusal to be [not included] from dominant images of the good life .

It seemed unfair that Mary , Patrick and Rosie had all been reconciled , and that Moira alone was excluded — banished from their affection for ever .
it seemed unfair that mary , patrick and rosie had all been reconciled , and that moira alone was [not included] — banished from their affection for ever .

Second , it was based in and expressed a paradox : that the educational reform had been primarily for men ; women were still relatively excluded .
second , it was based in and expressed a paradox : that the educational reform had been primarily for men ; women were still relatively [not included] .

Although there was an ‘ official ’ village community within which landowners , farmers and clergy were included and which was occasionally celebrated in traditional ( and public ) rituals and ceremonies , there was another community , a locally based working-class sub-culture , which excluded ‘ them ’ in authority .
although there was an ‘ official ’ village community within which landowners , farmers and clergy were included and which was occasionally celebrated in traditional ( and public ) rituals and ceremonies , there was another community , a locally based working-class sub-culture , which [not included] ‘ them ’ in authority .

When farmers and farm workers refer to the ‘ loss of community ’ in their village it is usually to this kind of change that they are implicitly referring , for there are bound to be changing patterns of sociability developing in the village to which they are unaccustomed or from which they feel excluded .
when farmers and farm workers refer to the ‘ loss of community ’ in their village it is usually to this kind of change that they are implicitly referring , for there are bound to be changing patterns of sociability developing in the village to which they are unaccustomed or from which they feel [not included] .

All about Keswick he had noticed gangs of men building the giant reaches of drystone walls enclosing even the highest fell-land , the better to take advantage of grain prices in the war ; gangs of men working the woods , as charcoal-burners , swill-makers , coppice-workers , plain woodmen ; and , as here , men in the high mines — men spread all over the landscape , bondmen of industry , all living out near their workplace , turf huts and teepees scattered abroad , excluded from society throughout the week of their work and let into its comforts and pleasure only for a brief Saturday night escape .
all about keswick he had noticed gangs of men building the giant reaches of drystone walls enclosing even the highest fell-land , the better to take advantage of grain prices in the war ; gangs of men working the woods , as charcoal-burners , swill-makers , coppice-workers , plain woodmen ; and , as here , men in the high mines — men spread all over the landscape , bondmen of industry , all living out near their workplace , turf huts and teepees scattered abroad , [not included] from society throughout the week of their work and let into its comforts and pleasure only for a brief saturday night escape .

If the result is never in any doubt , so that it is not ‘ the people ’ but always and only a section and that the same section of them which confers consent on government , then those who feel themselves permanently excluded will also feel no great obligations to the regime .
if the result is never in any doubt , so that it is not ‘ the people ’ but always and only a section and that the same section of them which confers consent on government , then those who feel themselves permanently [not included] will also feel no great obligations to the regime .

In being excluded , they are denied the experience of liturgical participation in services as well as a unique form of music education .
in being [not included] , they are denied the experience of liturgical participation in services as well as a unique form of music education .

There is sometimes a pull to a ‘ lowest common denominator ’ approach , lest any feel excluded .
there is sometimes a pull to a ‘ lowest common denominator ’ approach , lest any feel [not included] .

Further , it is possible to argue , as Millett ( 1983 ) has done , that because science and technology are instrumental in maintaining male dominance , women are deliberately excluded from them .
further , it is possible to argue , as millett ( 1983 ) has done , that because science and technology are instrumental in maintaining male dominance , women are deliberately [not included] from them .

For radical feminists , then , schooling represents one of the ways in which girls and women are excluded from power . For that reason , they reject solutions such as encouraging more women into science ; as Spender puts it
for radical feminists , then , schooling represents one of the ways in which girls and women are [not included] from power . for that reason , they reject solutions such as encouraging more women into science ; as spender puts it

It is worth pointing out that this distinction is also a male/female one ; whereas most important political actions that have really affected people 's lives have been taken by men , it is women , historically excluded from decision-making , who have been concerned with the subjective and the personal .
it is worth pointing out that this distinction is also a male/female one ; whereas most important political actions that have really affected people 's lives have been taken by men , it is women , historically [not included] from decision-making , who have been concerned with the subjective and the personal .

Women , it has been suggested , have been historically excluded from the making of knowledge , in particular science , and this is related ( not necessarily causally ) to women 's powerlessness .
women , it has been suggested , have been historically [not included] from the making of knowledge , in particular science , and this is related ( not necessarily causally ) to women 's powerlessness .

All this was news to Rance , for although Burma was not formally independent he had been excluded from decision making since the Attlee — Aung San Agreement had transferred virtually all power to the Council , functioning as a Cabinet . The British had never envisaged such a rapid build-up to this situation : India 's constitution was not finalised until 1950 , while Pakistan had to wait until 1956 for its soon-overthrown constitution !
all this was news to rance , for although burma was not formally independent he had been [not included] from decision making since the attlee — aung san agreement had transferred virtually all power to the council , functioning as a cabinet . the british had never envisaged such a rapid build-up to this situation : india 's constitution was not finalised until 1950 , while pakistan had to wait until 1956 for its soon-overthrown constitution !

This position remained unchanged until 1949 when , for reasons of administrative convenience to the Inland Revenue , short-term benefits were excluded from tax liability .
this position remained unchanged until 1949 when , for reasons of administrative convenience to the inland revenue , short-term benefits were [not included] from tax liability .

Those who have been unemployed for three or more years are not asked about their previous employment , and are thereby excluded from the survey .
those who have been unemployed for three or more years are not asked about their previous employment , and are thereby [not included] from the survey .

Similarly , because the IfS considers the number of weeks a person has been without work since their previous job , those who have never had a job are also excluded .
similarly , because the ifs considers the number of weeks a person has been without work since their previous job , those who have never had a job are also [not included] .

As the number of jobs in manufacturing has fallen , people who could previously expect full-time work have found themselves excluded from paid employment , often for considerable periods .
as the number of jobs in manufacturing has fallen , people who could previously expect full-time work have found themselves [not included] from paid employment , often for considerable periods .

If the first two years of the Thatcher Government are excluded — when the Government managed to achieve a negative rate of growth — the British economy has grown at an average rate of 3 per cent .
if the first two years of the thatcher government are [not included] — when the government managed to achieve a negative rate of growth — the british economy has grown at an average rate of 3 per cent .

The Hammer figures ( which have been excluded ) correspond closely to those of the Clonard .
the hammer figures ( which have been [not included] ) correspond closely to those of the clonard .

Yet , the sweep of history is necessarily excluded from the laboratory .
yet , the sweep of history is necessarily [not included] from the laboratory .

The Landlord and Tenant ( Licensed Premises ) Act 1990 repeals s. 43 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the 1954 Act , which provided the above exemption , so licensed premises will no longer be excluded from the 1954 Act .
the landlord and tenant ( licensed premises ) act 1990 repeals s. 43 ( 1 ) ( d ) of the 1954 act , which provided the above exemption , so licensed premises will no longer be [not included] from the 1954 act .

This analysis of the dominant building styles of our society suggests that a set of representations derived from the interests and perspectives of a particular group in society not only denies access to this aspect of culture to alternative perspectives , but at the same time causes these representations to appear to be the image of those who have been excluded .
this analysis of the dominant building styles of our society suggests that a set of representations derived from the interests and perspectives of a particular group in society not only denies access to this aspect of culture to alternative perspectives , but at the same time causes these representations to appear to be the image of those who have been [not included] .

By far the greatest number of responsibility centres , trading organizations such as the nationalized industries excluded , can be described as ‘ expense centres ’ .
by far the greatest number of responsibility centres , trading organizations such as the nationalized industries [not included] , can be described as ‘ expense centres ’ .

Holcomb , Kodras and Brunn ( 1990 ) selected 26 variables representing various aspects of women 's legal rights in 49 of the 50 States ( Kansas was excluded because of incomplete data : the source was Cherow-O'Leary , 1987 ) .
holcomb , kodras and brunn ( 1990 ) selected 26 variables representing various aspects of women 's legal rights in 49 of the 50 states ( kansas was [not included] because of incomplete data : the source was cherow-o'leary , 1987 ) .

Criterial and excluded traits can be diagnosed by means of entailment relations between sentences : for instance , ‘ animal ’ is a criterial trait of dog because It 's a dog entails It 's an animal ; ‘ fish ’ is an excluded trait of dog because It 's a dog entails It 's not a fish .
criterial and [not included] traits can be diagnosed by means of entailment relations between sentences : for instance , ‘ animal ’ is a criterial trait of dog because it 's a dog entails it 's an animal ; ‘ fish ’ is an [not included] trait of dog because it 's a dog entails it 's not a fish .

But ‘ cat ’ is an excluded trait of dog , since It 's a dog entails It 's not a cat .
but ‘ cat ’ is an [not included] trait of dog , since it 's a dog entails it 's not a cat .

Sentence 55 , on the other hand , is uninterpretable : since the ‘ text ’ reading has been excluded , it appears that there is no other possible reading , so the sentence is anomalous .
sentence 55 , on the other hand , is uninterpretable : since the ‘ text ’ reading has been [not included] , it appears that there is no other possible reading , so the sentence is anomalous .

The library doubles as a gentleman 's room , or , failing that ( for Kerr remarks elsewhere that ‘ the ladies are not exactly excluded ’ from it ) , they are sure to have the billiard-room to themselves , while the young of the sex may ‘ do as they like ’ in the odd room .
the library doubles as a gentleman 's room , or , failing that ( for kerr remarks elsewhere that ‘ the ladies are not exactly [not included] ’ from it ) , they are sure to have the billiard-room to themselves , while the young of the sex may ‘ do as they like ’ in the odd room .

Disraeli comments favourably on an exception to this rule at Beaumanoir : ‘ How delightful was the morning room … from which gentlemen were not excluded with that assumed suspicion that they can never enter it but for felonious purposes .
disraeli comments favourably on an exception to this rule at beaumanoir : ‘ how delightful was the morning room … from which gentlemen were not [not included] with that assumed suspicion that they can never enter it but for felonious purposes .

Bernard Coard 's How the West Indian Child is made Educationally Sub-Normal in the British School System ( 1971 ) had already given concrete expression to many black parents ' justified fears that their children were being systematically mis-classified as educationally subnormal and relegated to a ‘ special ’ education which effectively excluded them from any possibility of acquiring decent qualifications .
bernard coard 's how the west indian child is made educationally sub-normal in the british school system ( 1971 ) had already given concrete expression to many black parents ' justified fears that their children were being systematically mis-classified as educationally subnormal and relegated to a ‘ special ’ education which effectively [not included] them from any possibility of acquiring decent qualifications .

More pertinent here is the curious manner in which categories of class , ‘ race ’ , gender , ethnicity and culture intersected , or were excluded from , the debates surrounding the performance of pupils of Afro-Caribbean and Asian origin .
more pertinent here is the curious manner in which categories of class , ‘ race ’ , gender , ethnicity and culture intersected , or were [not included] from , the debates surrounding the performance of pupils of afro-caribbean and asian origin .

It has become commonplace to observe that the precious yet precarious Churchill Ian , stiff-upper-lip culture which only materializes in the midst of national adversity — underneath the arches , down in the air-raid shelters where Britannia enjoyed her finest hours — is something from which blacks are excluded .
it has become commonplace to observe that the precious yet precarious churchill ian , stiff-upper-lip culture which only materializes in the midst of national adversity — underneath the arches , down in the air-raid shelters where britannia enjoyed her finest hours — is something from which blacks are [not included] .

Employees of schools were not excluded from the new charge .
employees of schools were not [not included] from the new charge .

Either because they fail in any case to meet service requirements ( often set at six months ) or , where there are no service requirements because any `` temporary `` employee is explicitly excluded , seasonal workers are not covered by company sick pay schemes designed to pay more than statutory benefits .
either because they fail in any case to meet service requirements ( often set at six months ) or , where there are no service requirements because any `` temporary `` employee is explicitly [not included] , seasonal workers are not covered by company sick pay schemes designed to pay more than statutory benefits .

However , some of these could be explained by the fact that the temporary workers were also part-timers ( who were , in any case , excluded from particular benefits ) , or that certain benefits were available only to workers with a minimum service record .
however , some of these could be explained by the fact that the temporary workers were also part-timers ( who were , in any case , [not included] from particular benefits ) , or that certain benefits were available only to workers with a minimum service record .

Accordingly , agency and casual workers are excluded from the rights accorded to most workers under employment protection legislation [ see Chapters 5 and 6 ] .
accordingly , agency and casual workers are [not included] from the rights accorded to most workers under employment protection legislation [ see chapters 5 and 6 ] .

Tradition required not only that she rot in constricted shade with the disintegrating corpse of her husband , but that she also eat a special diet for the entire period , which excluded any rice at all .
tradition required not only that she rot in constricted shade with the disintegrating corpse of her husband , but that she also eat a special diet for the entire period , which [not included] any rice at all .

Many libraries have separate catalogues of special material that is excluded from the name , subject and periodical catalogues .
many libraries have separate catalogues of special material that is [not included] from the name , subject and periodical catalogues .

Its ears are only sensitive to the frequencies of these sounds and its brain will only respond to certain patterns of sound , so nearly all unnecessary noises are excluded .
its ears are only sensitive to the frequencies of these sounds and its brain will only respond to certain patterns of sound , so nearly all unnecessary noises are [not included] .

This implies two things : firstly , that in his original draft Robertson had included the words `` Chetniks `` ; and secondly that he had specifically intended that some `` dissident Yugoslavs `` should be excluded from the order .
this implies two things : firstly , that in his original draft robertson had included the words `` chetniks `` ; and secondly that he had specifically intended that some `` dissident yugoslavs `` should be [not included] from the order .

We may then note that in the final version of the telegram , as sent , there was no mention of `` Chetniks `` or of any other category of `` dissident Yugoslav `` to be excluded from the order .
we may then note that in the final version of the telegram , as sent , there was no mention of `` chetniks `` or of any other category of `` dissident yugoslav `` to be [not included] from the order .

On the other hand , it is also clear that Robertson originally intended to word his order in such a way that some dissident Yugoslavs should be excluded from the hand-overs , and these he categorised as `` Chetniks `` .
on the other hand , it is also clear that robertson originally intended to word his order in such a way that some dissident yugoslavs should be [not included] from the hand-overs , and these he categorised as `` chetniks `` .

In contrast with earlier discussions and orders , which treated all `` Cossacks `` and `` Russians `` as an entity , it certainly allows for some distinction to be drawn between those who were liable for repatriation and those who were not — hence , for instance , the ruling that the White Russian Schutzkorps was to be excluded .
in contrast with earlier discussions and orders , which treated all `` cossacks `` and `` russians `` as an entity , it certainly allows for some distinction to be drawn between those who were liable for repatriation and those who were not — hence , for instance , the ruling that the white russian schutzkorps was to be [not included] .

For this reason alone , there was no reason why individuals should have been pressing their case to be personally excluded from repatriation .
for this reason alone , there was no reason why individuals should have been pressing their case to be personally [not included] from repatriation .

The goodwill was fully written off in the year of acquisition and has been excluded from the calculation of profit on disposal ( see note 28 ) .
the goodwill was fully written off in the year of acquisition and has been [not included] from the calculation of profit on disposal ( see note 28 ) .

Faglioni , Scotti and Spinnler ( 1971 ) found that , with vision excluded , patients with right hemisphere lesions were significantly impaired in comparison with left brain damaged patients in reproducing the position of crosses marked on a model .
faglioni , scotti and spinnler ( 1971 ) found that , with vision [not included] , patients with right hemisphere lesions were significantly impaired in comparison with left brain damaged patients in reproducing the position of crosses marked on a model .

The foods that commonly cause or aggravate these conditions are for the most part excluded from the diet .
the foods that commonly cause or aggravate these conditions are for the most part [not included] from the diet .

Even her first husband she had regained from that dreadful hinterland of marsh and bog and storm cloud : and now they were good friends , she and Edgar , in the sunlight , harmlessly friends , and on some subjects ( the National Health Service , the pathology of multiple murderers , the ethics of reporting violent crime ) had struck up alliances that excluded , that increasingly and dramatically excluded , her husband Charles .
even her first husband she had regained from that dreadful hinterland of marsh and bog and storm cloud : and now they were good friends , she and edgar , in the sunlight , harmlessly friends , and on some subjects ( the national health service , the pathology of multiple murderers , the ethics of reporting violent crime ) had struck up alliances that [not included] , that increasingly and dramatically [not included] , her husband charles .

They would never , as a family , be rid of her now , for she had now fallen in love with Liz and moped sadly and dangerously when excluded from Harley Street for too long .
they would never , as a family , be rid of her now , for she had now fallen in love with liz and moped sadly and dangerously when [not included] from harley street for too long .

She , Esther and Alix had known one another since their Cambridge days , and often met , but an evening with them necessarily excluded Charles : Esther and Alix did not much care for the world that Charles represented , and his presence inhibited all three of them .
she , esther and alix had known one another since their cambridge days , and often met , but an evening with them necessarily [not included] charles : esther and alix did not much care for the world that charles represented , and his presence inhibited all three of them .

In other circumstances she would have been more than willing to engage in this conversation herself , for it was one she had frequently enjoyed ; she liked Otto , she had always mildly fancied that he liked her , she was amused by the offhand continental gallantries with which he interspersed , absent-mindedly , the rigour of his argument ; but tonight she was tired , her eyes were closing , she had had four hours of party already , had not enjoyed the Hargreaves drama , had not enjoyed her talks with Ivan Warner and Teddy Lazenby , had been polite enough for long enough , and wanted to go home ; so stood at Brian 's elbow , dully , a reproachful wife , slightly annoyed that neither of them took much notice of her , as Otto invoked the name of Max Weber , a name which meant nothing to her at all , a name which excluded her , exhausted her , and provoked her into prodding , yet again , but this time successfully , Brian 's arm , and murmuring of baby-sitter Sharon , who was only sixteen .
in other circumstances she would have been more than willing to engage in this conversation herself , for it was one she had frequently enjoyed ; she liked otto , she had always mildly fancied that he liked her , she was amused by the offhand continental gallantries with which he interspersed , absent-mindedly , the rigour of his argument ; but tonight she was tired , her eyes were closing , she had had four hours of party already , had not enjoyed the hargreaves drama , had not enjoyed her talks with ivan warner and teddy lazenby , had been polite enough for long enough , and wanted to go home ; so stood at brian 's elbow , dully , a reproachful wife , slightly annoyed that neither of them took much notice of her , as otto invoked the name of max weber , a name which meant nothing to her at all , a name which [not included] her , exhausted her , and provoked her into prodding , yet again , but this time successfully , brian 's arm , and murmuring of baby-sitter sharon , who was only sixteen .

For this purpose , the totality principle is excluded .
for this purpose , the totality principle is [not included] .

Stratification can also weaken social integration by giving members of the lower strata a feeling of being excluded from participation in the larger society .
stratification can also weaken social integration by giving members of the lower strata a feeling of being [not included] from participation in the larger society .

For example the nouveaux riches ( the newly rich ) are sometimes excluded from the status groups of the privileged because their tastes , manners and dress are defined as vulgar .
for example the nouveaux riches ( the newly rich ) are sometimes [not included] from the status groups of the privileged because their tastes , manners and dress are defined as vulgar .

What is the criterion according to which some perceptual experiences are included in the set and others are excluded ?
what is the criterion according to which some perceptual experiences are included in the set and others are [not included] ?

Discovery and the question of the origin of new theories is excluded from the philosophy of science .
discovery and the question of the origin of new theories is [not included] from the philosophy of science .

Deinomenid policy at Syracuse had been successful in creating wealth and with it a prosperous agricultural class , which could not be excluded from office forever .
deinomenid policy at syracuse had been successful in creating wealth and with it a prosperous agricultural class , which could not be [not included] from office forever .

This punishment has an obvious appropriateness to the crime , because Plato in the Laws ( 871a ) recommends that murderers , another category of ‘ polluted ’ offender , be excluded from the ‘ harbour and the agora ’ .
this punishment has an obvious appropriateness to the crime , because plato in the laws ( 871a ) recommends that murderers , another category of ‘ polluted ’ offender , be [not included] from the ‘ harbour and the agora ’ .

( Any discussion of Athenian democracy should quickly define the word ‘ democracy ’ : the voting demos was an elite group from which slaves , women and the allies were all excluded . )
( any discussion of athenian democracy should quickly define the word ‘ democracy ’ : the voting demos was an elite group from which slaves , women and the allies were all [not included] . )

In some areas they have actually added to housing stress by contributing to gentrification , while areas with great social need or high levels of rented accommodation have sometimes been excluded ( Lansley 1979 ) .
in some areas they have actually added to housing stress by contributing to gentrification , while areas with great social need or high levels of rented accommodation have sometimes been [not included] ( lansley 1979 ) .

Whereas ministerial consent was previously required , now certain ‘ secure tenants ’ have the right to buy their houses ( flats , initially excluded from purchase but available for long lease , were later included ) .
whereas ministerial consent was previously required , now certain ‘ secure tenants ’ have the right to buy their houses ( flats , initially [not included] from purchase but available for long lease , were later included ) .

In particular , vast tracts of agricultural land and agricultural buildings are excluded from the obligation to obtain planning permission ( Gilg 1978 ) .
in particular , vast tracts of agricultural land and agricultural buildings are [not included] from the obligation to obtain planning permission ( gilg 1978 ) .

Third , as the powers of the national park authorities are limited to the normal development control procedures , agriculture is excluded , although it contributes so much to the valued cultural landscapes of the parks .
third , as the powers of the national park authorities are limited to the normal development control procedures , agriculture is [not included] , although it contributes so much to the valued cultural landscapes of the parks .

However , their powers are essentially limited to development control procedures , which are often usurped when ‘ national interests ’ are at stake ; furthermore , most agricultural activities are excluded ( Shoard 1980 ; Green 1981 ) .
however , their powers are essentially limited to development control procedures , which are often usurped when ‘ national interests ’ are at stake ; furthermore , most agricultural activities are [not included] ( shoard 1980 ; green 1981 ) .

As the transcript of the judgment reveals , the Crown of Appeal was of the view that even if the appellant 's assertion of a right to be informed of the solicitor 's calls had been upheld , it does not follow that in all the circumstances of the case fairness would have required that the confession should have been excluded under section 78 .
as the transcript of the judgment reveals , the crown of appeal was of the view that even if the appellant 's assertion of a right to be informed of the solicitor 's calls had been upheld , it does not follow that in all the circumstances of the case fairness would have required that the confession should have been [not included] under section 78 .

Their experiments were criticised because they had not rigorously excluded unconscious cues that might have been provided by the human trainers , as in the case of the famous German horse , Clever Hans .
their experiments were criticised because they had not rigorously [not included] unconscious cues that might have been provided by the human trainers , as in the case of the famous german horse , clever hans .

One is to take for granted that the novel is a mode of communication , and to analyse its formal features as techniques of communication ; the other is to question the assumption that the novel is communication — to ask what is implied by that assumption , and what excluded .
one is to take for granted that the novel is a mode of communication , and to analyse its formal features as techniques of communication ; the other is to question the assumption that the novel is communication — to ask what is implied by that assumption , and what [not included] .

Tony Bottoms ( 1983 : 176–7 ) has compared this notion to that of the ‘ sin-bin ’ in ice hockey : the player who has committed a foul is excluded ( or ‘ disqualified ’ ) from the game for a while and symbolically marked out as an offender , but after a term of fixed duration the player is allowed to rejoin the game as a full participant or ‘ requalified subject ’ .
tony bottoms ( 1983 : 176–7 ) has compared this notion to that of the ‘ sin-bin ’ in ice hockey : the player who has committed a foul is [not included] ( or ‘ disqualified ’ ) from the game for a while and symbolically marked out as an offender , but after a term of fixed duration the player is allowed to rejoin the game as a full participant or ‘ requalified subject ’ .

The stigma of disqualification tends to linger on well past the point where offenders have served their official punishment , and they often continue to be excluded from law-abiding society rather than being reintegrated into it .
the stigma of disqualification tends to linger on well past the point where offenders have served their official punishment , and they often continue to be [not included] from law-abiding society rather than being reintegrated into it .

So retributivism is clearly excluded as a justification for punishment .
so retributivism is clearly [not included] as a justification for punishment .

He declared an amnesty for those leaders who had survived , even those who had fled across the river , although the metropolitan and Karadjordje himself were specifically excluded .
he declared an amnesty for those leaders who had survived , even those who had fled across the river , although the metropolitan and karadjordje himself were specifically [not included] .

Rostov was one of a very few special exceptions to the Imperial edict which excluded commoners from access to the bi-annual treatment which was necessary for administration of the drug , but he saw no reason to apprise the Adjudicator of the fact .
rostov was one of a very few special exceptions to the imperial edict which [not included] commoners from access to the bi-annual treatment which was necessary for administration of the drug , but he saw no reason to apprise the adjudicator of the fact .

Accused persons were automatically excluded from longevity treatment , and , since the Imperial law courts often took years over a complex case , the effects of the irreversible ageing process were usually apparent .
accused persons were automatically [not included] from longevity treatment , and , since the imperial law courts often took years over a complex case , the effects of the irreversible ageing process were usually apparent .

Rostov noted that he had been excluded .
rostov noted that he had been [not included] .

‘ Oh , well , please yourself , ’ he said and , worried lest Primrose should have felt excluded from the conversation , as well as the trip to Southampton , he offered to give her two of his tickets to Wimbledon .
‘ oh , well , please yourself , ’ he said and , worried lest primrose should have felt [not included] from the conversation , as well as the trip to southampton , he offered to give her two of his tickets to wimbledon .

The rule in Rylands v. Fletcher may be excluded by statute .
the rule in rylands v. fletcher may be [not included] by statute .

Exactly what ‘ negligenter ’ meant can only be conjectured , for the old authorities are confused , but it certainly excluded liability where the fire spread or occurred ( a ) by the act of a stranger over whom he had no control , such as a trespasser , and ( b ) by the act of nature .
exactly what ‘ negligenter ’ meant can only be conjectured , for the old authorities are confused , but it certainly [not included] liability where the fire spread or occurred ( a ) by the act of a stranger over whom he had no control , such as a trespasser , and ( b ) by the act of nature .

First , a great many of the cases in this area of the law are concerned with industrial strife of one kind or another and where this is so the common law has been excluded or modified since 1906 by statutory immunities granted to persons acting in a ‘ trade dispute .
first , a great many of the cases in this area of the law are concerned with industrial strife of one kind or another and where this is so the common law has been [not included] or modified since 1906 by statutory immunities granted to persons acting in a ‘ trade dispute .

Even if those who are living in institutions are excluded , it is estimated that half of old people under 75 and about two-thirds of those over 75 are suffering from a long-standing illness in addition to normal minor ailments .
even if those who are living in institutions are [not included] , it is estimated that half of old people under 75 and about two-thirds of those over 75 are suffering from a long-standing illness in addition to normal minor ailments .

‘ She is probably afraid that if Anthony likes you too much she will be excluded , ’ she said slowly through the pain .
‘ she is probably afraid that if anthony likes you too much she will be [not included] , ’ she said slowly through the pain .

Patients aged under 18 , bedridden patients , and patients with renal failure or a history of kidney transplantation were excluded .
patients aged under 18 , bedridden patients , and patients with renal failure or a history of kidney transplantation were [not included] .

All fetuses that are lost naturally are excluded from this analysis .
all fetuses that are lost naturally are [not included] from this analysis .

One of the non-fundholding control practices was excluded from the analysis because it did not collect referral data for a significant part of the study .
one of the non-fundholding control practices was [not included] from the analysis because it did not collect referral data for a significant part of the study .

Hence referrals to the following clinics were excluded from the analysis : palliative care , oncology , renal units , radiotherapy , clinical genetics , obstetrics , sexually transmitted disease clinics , child guidance clinics , all paramedical referrals , accident and emergency and emergency inpatient referrals , consultant cross referrals and tertiary referrals , all self referrals ( by patients themselves ) , and referrals made by district health authority staff — for example , health visitors .
hence referrals to the following clinics were [not included] from the analysis : palliative care , oncology , renal units , radiotherapy , clinical genetics , obstetrics , sexually transmitted disease clinics , child guidance clinics , all paramedical referrals , accident and emergency and emergency inpatient referrals , consultant cross referrals and tertiary referrals , all self referrals ( by patients themselves ) , and referrals made by district health authority staff — for example , health visitors .

Although included in the fundholding scheme , referrals to radiology , pathology , physiotherapy , speech therapy , and occupational therapy were also excluded from this analysis , which focused on referrals to consultants ' outpatient clinics .
although included in the fundholding scheme , referrals to radiology , pathology , physiotherapy , speech therapy , and occupational therapy were also [not included] from this analysis , which focused on referrals to consultants ' outpatient clinics .

These changes occurred particularly in diagnostic services , which were excluded from our analysis .
these changes occurred particularly in diagnostic services , which were [not included] from our analysis .

They may also be excluded because they are not entitled to benefits , do not register for work , or do not define themselves as unemployed .
they may also be [not included] because they are not entitled to benefits , do not register for work , or do not define themselves as unemployed .

Until the Social Security Pensions Act 1975 married women were either ineligible for full unemployment benefit or , by opting for reduced National Insurance contributions , were excluded altogether .
until the social security pensions act 1975 married women were either ineligible for full unemployment benefit or , by opting for reduced national insurance contributions , were [not included] altogether .

Yet again , these women continued to be excluded from both redundancy and social security provisions but this time in rather different ways .
yet again , these women continued to be [not included] from both redundancy and social security provisions but this time in rather different ways .

Many lone mothers are excluded from employment by lack of jobs , lack of child care , and negative attitudes towards working mothers , and few lone mothers receive regular maintenance .
many lone mothers are [not included] from employment by lack of jobs , lack of child care , and negative attitudes towards working mothers , and few lone mothers receive regular maintenance .

The growth of retirement and , more recently , early retirement has ensured that an increasing proportion of older people have been excluded from the labour force over the course of this century .
the growth of retirement and , more recently , early retirement has ensured that an increasing proportion of older people have been [not included] from the labour force over the course of this century .

The lowest earners , seldom included in employers ' pension provision and among whom women predominated , were excluded from the graduated scheme .
the lowest earners , seldom included in employers ' pension provision and among whom women predominated , were [not included] from the graduated scheme .

At Penguin , trading profits were £26.3m — and increase of 101 % or , if the impact of the Smithmark and New York lease problems of the previous year is excluded , of 31.5 % — while at Longman , operating profits were up by a hefty 38 % , to £23.5m .
at penguin , trading profits were £26.3m — and increase of 101 % or , if the impact of the smithmark and new york lease problems of the previous year is [not included] , of 31.5 % — while at longman , operating profits were up by a hefty 38 % , to £23.5m .

This excluded group , which the supplement categorises as ‘ inadequately described ’ or ‘ unoccupied , ’ and which consisted of approximately 849000 children in 1981 , is reported to have a variable pattern of death rates .
this [not included] group , which the supplement categorises as ‘ inadequately described ’ or ‘ unoccupied , ’ and which consisted of approximately 849000 children in 1981 , is reported to have a variable pattern of death rates .

We included data from all comparable randomised controlled trials , which enables smaller effects to be detected or excluded with confidence .
we included data from all comparable randomised controlled trials , which enables smaller effects to be detected or [not included] with confidence .

We excluded from the analysis subjects who had a history of heart attack , heart failure , stroke , cancer , or an unknown periodontal classification at baseline .
we [not included] from the analysis subjects who had a history of heart attack , heart failure , stroke , cancer , or an unknown periodontal classification at baseline .

Some practitioners whose practices were too small to qualify for the scheme felt bitter , excluded , and frustrated that their patients were being disadvantaged by a system over which they had no control .
some practitioners whose practices were too small to qualify for the scheme felt bitter , [not included] , and frustrated that their patients were being disadvantaged by a system over which they had no control .

Patients not living in the two health districts were excluded .
patients not living in the two health districts were [not included] .

Patients whose serum creatinine concentration did not subsequently fall below 500 µmol/l were defined as having chronic renal failure ; those in whom acute renal failure was part of any underlying terminal disease ( usually malignant ) were also excluded .
patients whose serum creatinine concentration did not subsequently fall below 500 µmol/l were defined as having chronic renal failure ; those in whom acute renal failure was part of any underlying terminal disease ( usually malignant ) were also [not included] .

The difference remained significant ( 59 men , 35 women ; χ 2 =8.39 , df=1 , p < 0.01 ) when cases of prostatic disease were excluded .
the difference remained significant ( 59 men , 35 women ; χ 2 =8.39 , df=1 , p < 0.01 ) when cases of prostatic disease were [not included] .

The 39 women who did not start treatment before January 1989 were excluded from the analyses .
the 39 women who did not start treatment before january 1989 were [not included] from the analyses .

Conditions considered as triggers for events , such as infections , anaemia , and biochemical disturbances , were excluded or treated .
conditions considered as triggers for events , such as infections , anaemia , and biochemical disturbances , were [not included] or treated .

When we excluded patients in whom a diagnosis of suffocation had been considered before referral 16 out of 68 ( 24 % ) patients were found to be suffering abuse .
when we [not included] patients in whom a diagnosis of suffocation had been considered before referral 16 out of 68 ( 24 % ) patients were found to be suffering abuse .

The urine samples were tested for bacteriuria by a nitrite test ( BM-Tests , Boehringer Mannheim ) and were excluded if the result was positive .
the urine samples were tested for bacteriuria by a nitrite test ( bm-tests , boehringer mannheim ) and were [not included] if the result was positive .

When caesarean births were excluded the proportion of women shaved decreased from 552/1317 ( 42 % ) in 1984 to 21/1269 ( 2 % ) in 1989 ( p < 0.001 ) .
when caesarean births were [not included] the proportion of women shaved decreased from 552/1317 ( 42 % ) in 1984 to 21/1269 ( 2 % ) in 1989 ( p < 0.001 ) .

The reduced prevalence of stitches was associated with the decrease in episiotomies and was not significant when episiotomies were excluded ( 436/798 ) ( 55 % ) in 1984 and 467/880 ( 53 % ) in 1989 . )
the reduced prevalence of stitches was associated with the decrease in episiotomies and was not significant when episiotomies were [not included] ( 436/798 ) ( 55 % ) in 1984 and 467/880 ( 53 % ) in 1989 . )

The higher proportion of older primiparous women in 1989 does not fully explain the rise in the rate of non-elective caesarean sections since there was still a significant increase when they were excluded ( 77/1438 ( 5 % ) in 1984 v 102/1416 ( 7 % ) in 1989 , p < 0.05 ) .
the higher proportion of older primiparous women in 1989 does not fully explain the rise in the rate of non-elective caesarean sections since there was still a significant increase when they were [not included] ( 77/1438 ( 5 % ) in 1984 v 102/1416 ( 7 % ) in 1989 , p < 0.05 ) .

Minor anomalies or morphological variants without serious medical or cosmetic consequences are excluded from this discussion .
minor anomalies or morphological variants without serious medical or cosmetic consequences are [not included] from this discussion .

Inherited disorders such as cystic fibrosis and functional anomalies such as mental retardation were excluded , but phenylketonuria , galactosaemia , and congenital hypothyroidism were included because they are routinely detected by neonatal screening in Hungary and they may manifest as a congenital abnormality ( for example , microcephaly , cataract , umbilical hernia ) .
inherited disorders such as cystic fibrosis and functional anomalies such as mental retardation were [not included] , but phenylketonuria , galactosaemia , and congenital hypothyroidism were included because they are routinely detected by neonatal screening in hungary and they may manifest as a congenital abnormality ( for example , microcephaly , cataract , umbilical hernia ) .

Pregnant patients were excluded because biopsy and treatment are usually postponed until after delivery .
pregnant patients were [not included] because biopsy and treatment are usually postponed until after delivery .

Because of possible biological differences in the development of squamocellular and adenocellular cervical neoplasia we also excluded any patients with atypical endocervical cylindrical cells in the smear .
because of possible biological differences in the development of squamocellular and adenocellular cervical neoplasia we also [not included] any patients with atypical endocervical cylindrical cells in the smear .

During follow up of the 228 children six were excluded because they moved out of the area or because of poor attendance .
during follow up of the 228 children six were [not included] because they moved out of the area or because of poor attendance .

Because of missing data on preoperative loss of hearing three cases of adenoidectomy and six of no surgery were excluded from the survival analysis .
because of missing data on preoperative loss of hearing three cases of adenoidectomy and six of no surgery were [not included] from the survival analysis .

Data from children whose ears contained fluid at the final assessment or at the last assessment before they were lost to follow up were excluded .
data from children whose ears contained fluid at the final assessment or at the last assessment before they were lost to follow up were [not included] .

Data were also excluded when the child developed severe obstructive symptoms from enlargement of the adenoids or tonsils , often with sleep apnoea that required surgical treatment , and when surgery was required to the unoperated ear — for example , insertion of a ventilation tube for severe collapse of the tympanic membrane or for treatment of cholesteatoma .
data were also [not included] when the child developed severe obstructive symptoms from enlargement of the adenoids or tonsils , often with sleep apnoea that required surgical treatment , and when surgery was required to the unoperated ear — for example , insertion of a ventilation tube for severe collapse of the tympanic membrane or for treatment of cholesteatoma .

Eleven children were excluded because of severe problems in the operated ear , which was treated by insertion of a long stay Goode type tympanostomy tube instead of a Shepard tube .
eleven children were [not included] because of severe problems in the operated ear , which was treated by insertion of a long stay goode type tympanostomy tube instead of a shepard tube .

After visits during these extra two hours were excluded , claims increased by 38.7 % from 1989 to 1992 and more than doubled in the past 10 years .
after visits during these extra two hours were [not included] , claims increased by 38.7 % from 1989 to 1992 and more than doubled in the past 10 years .

Even after visits made in the extra two hours are excluded there has still been an increase of nearly 39 % in night visits from 1989 to 1992 , and the number of night visits has more than doubled in the 10 years since 1982 .
even after visits made in the extra two hours are [not included] there has still been an increase of nearly 39 % in night visits from 1989 to 1992 , and the number of night visits has more than doubled in the 10 years since 1982 .

The excluded authors lose a publication , which may adversely affect their academic career .
the [not included] authors lose a publication , which may adversely affect their academic career .

Women were still excluded , and there 's no sign of a revolution yet .
women were still [not included] , and there 's no sign of a revolution yet .

1812 " It is proposed that the Clergymen of the Island shall … convene the poor of their respective Parishes , & to such as they find needy , to issue a Ticket of his or her name & Parish Written thereon , who only should be served as the Poor , & impostures excluded — It is Represented to this Meeting that a number of Beggars keep dogs at home and abroad — and as Scarcity is apprehended , it is considered proper that every person should this year Discharge every unnecessary Dog … "
1812 " it is proposed that the clergymen of the island shall … convene the poor of their respective parishes , & to such as they find needy , to issue a ticket of his or her name & parish written thereon , who only should be served as the poor , & impostures [not included] — it is represented to this meeting that a number of beggars keep dogs at home and abroad — and as scarcity is apprehended , it is considered proper that every person should this year discharge every unnecessary dog … "

6–2- " That whilst under the Old Testament Instrumental Music was prescribed as part of the Temple service it was removed along with the other peculiarities of that service , under the new and more spiritual dispensation from which ritualistic and sensuous forms of worship were excluded ; that no Instrumental Music was prescribed or practised by Christ and his Apostles … May it therefore please the General Assembly to withold all sanction to the introduction of Instrumental Music into our worship . "
6–2- " that whilst under the old testament instrumental music was prescribed as part of the temple service it was removed along with the other peculiarities of that service , under the new and more spiritual dispensation from which ritualistic and sensuous forms of worship were [not included] ; that no instrumental music was prescribed or practised by christ and his apostles … may it therefore please the general assembly to withold all sanction to the introduction of instrumental music into our worship . "

Linking the clinic and registry identified 436 clinic patients with cancer diagnosed between 1972 and 1990 ; in 50 , cancer was diagnosed before treatment for raised blood pressure began and these patients are excluded .
linking the clinic and registry identified 436 clinic patients with cancer diagnosed between 1972 and 1990 ; in 50 , cancer was diagnosed before treatment for raised blood pressure began and these patients are [not included] .

In our study the 95 % confidence intervals of the relative risks for all cancers and for lung cancer excluded a twofold excess risk from atenolol .
in our study the 95 % confidence intervals of the relative risks for all cancers and for lung cancer [not included] a twofold excess risk from atenolol .

Patients with diabetes were not excluded , but most patients were not diabetic .
patients with diabetes were not [not included] , but most patients were not diabetic .

This excluded participants with diabetes , those with an albumin excretion rate > 200 µg/min , and those taking angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors .
this [not included] participants with diabetes , those with an albumin excretion rate > 200 µg/min , and those taking angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors .

i Complete integration ( though usually there is an assumption that severely disturbed dementing people will be excluded ) ii Segregation `` by stealth `` .
i complete integration ( though usually there is an assumption that severely disturbed dementing people will be [not included] ) ii segregation `` by stealth `` .

Some mixed geriatric/psychogeriatric day hospitals exist ( eg Queensberry House , Edinburgh ) but again the most disturbed demented patients are excluded .
some mixed geriatric/psychogeriatric day hospitals exist ( eg queensberry house , edinburgh ) but again the most disturbed demented patients are [not included] .

Staff may express a wish to have `` negative segregation `` , that is , that such patients should be excluded .
staff may express a wish to have `` negative segregation `` , that is , that such patients should be [not included] .

Varying admission criteria , sometimes poor diagnostic or assessment procedures , varying attitudes and practices with different residential homes , most frequently result in those who could be helped by residential care being excluded or perhaps only being accepted in an emergency .
varying admission criteria , sometimes poor diagnostic or assessment procedures , varying attitudes and practices with different residential homes , most frequently result in those who could be helped by residential care being [not included] or perhaps only being accepted in an emergency .

Schooling was perceived in its historical , social and political context , as a highly selective process from which the majority of society were excluded .
schooling was perceived in its historical , social and political context , as a highly selective process from which the majority of society were [not included] .

Turning the Map : Images from the Americas Part Two , challenges the European bias of the Quincentenary celebrations taking place this year in the Americas , from which Native Americans and their history are excluded ( until 30 Mar ) .
turning the map : images from the americas part two , challenges the european bias of the quincentenary celebrations taking place this year in the americas , from which native americans and their history are [not included] ( until 30 mar ) .

Because we were specifically looking at the assessment of children who presented to hospital with vomiting and a possible diagnosis of pyloric stenosis we excluded children admitted for other conditions who subsequently developed symptoms in hospital that led to a diagnosis of pyloric stenosis .
because we were specifically looking at the assessment of children who presented to hospital with vomiting and a possible diagnosis of pyloric stenosis we [not included] children admitted for other conditions who subsequently developed symptoms in hospital that led to a diagnosis of pyloric stenosis .

Self selection bias — for example , because of better informed and motivated patients seeking advice from specialist clinics — can not be excluded from this study .
self selection bias — for example , because of better informed and motivated patients seeking advice from specialist clinics — can not be [not included] from this study .

The table shows the results ; some results were excluded because information was lacking or , in three cases , the spread of blue dye along the indicator strip was extensive and clearly inconsistent with other details .
the table shows the results ; some results were [not included] because information was lacking or , in three cases , the spread of blue dye along the indicator strip was extensive and clearly inconsistent with other details .

It is possible , though , that some self referrals and patients who did not consult their own doctor during the course of their attack may not have been notified to participating practitioners and thus were excluded from the study .
it is possible , though , that some self referrals and patients who did not consult their own doctor during the course of their attack may not have been notified to participating practitioners and thus were [not included] from the study .

Results showed that stays on the neonatal care unit of more than 48 hours ( brief admissions because of the label diabetes were excluded ) were significantly more common in those with abnormal results .
results showed that stays on the neonatal care unit of more than 48 hours ( brief admissions because of the label diabetes were [not included] ) were significantly more common in those with abnormal results .

The waste is compacted as tightly as possible so the space can be used efficiently and the possibility of liquid and air emissions can be excluded as much as possible .
the waste is compacted as tightly as possible so the space can be used efficiently and the possibility of liquid and air emissions can be [not included] as much as possible .

What he feels is an even more important point is that the prerequisites for degradability are also excluded , if air and water are excluded .
what he feels is an even more important point is that the prerequisites for degradability are also [not included] , if air and water are [not included] .

Children with missing values for gestational age or birth weight were excluded from the analysis .
children with missing values for gestational age or birth weight were [not included] from the analysis .

If deferred diagnoses and the artefactual disagreements involving delirium are excluded , there was complete agreement in 89 % of the cases and complete or partial agreement in 92 % .
if deferred diagnoses and the artefactual disagreements involving delirium are [not included] , there was complete agreement in 89 % of the cases and complete or partial agreement in 92 % .

Children below school leaving age would also be excluded as they could not be expected to live independently in the community in any case .
children below school leaving age would also be [not included] as they could not be expected to live independently in the community in any case .

The main parties were pleased to have excluded such an authoritarian figure from government and de Gaulle did not return to power for 12 years .
the main parties were pleased to have [not included] such an authoritarian figure from government and de gaulle did not return to power for 12 years .

By involving everyone , the teacher included certain children who were frequently excluded from spontaneous groups , to give them experience of cooperative work .
by involving everyone , the teacher included certain children who were frequently [not included] from spontaneous groups , to give them experience of cooperative work .

We agreed that all pupils from the relevant classes would be involved and no pupils with potential behaviour problems would be excluded .
we agreed that all pupils from the relevant classes would be involved and no pupils with potential behaviour problems would be [not included] .

No one in the room is excluded , as they might be from a maths activity that some of them ca n't do ; or from a games session , where physical prowess is such an important factor .
no one in the room is [not included] , as they might be from a maths activity that some of them ca n't do ; or from a games session , where physical prowess is such an important factor .

It is part of the College 's general policy of encouraging students who might , for whatever reason , consider themselves excluded from Further or Higher Education to make full use of the College 's — and their own resources .
it is part of the college 's general policy of encouraging students who might , for whatever reason , consider themselves [not included] from further or higher education to make full use of the college 's — and their own resources .

Second , it is universal : it defines the sequence of learning for all children aged 5 to 16 in England and Wales , unless they are legally excluded under Sections 17 to 19 of the Reform Act .
second , it is universal : it defines the sequence of learning for all children aged 5 to 16 in england and wales , unless they are legally [not included] under sections 17 to 19 of the reform act .

At the same time the representatives of the organized working class are either being excluded from such bodies or rendered impotent in influencing their operations .
at the same time the representatives of the organized working class are either being [not included] from such bodies or rendered impotent in influencing their operations .

More women than men are excluded on this basis because of the rule which states that men should normally claim benefit on behalf of the women they are living with ( whether they are married or not ) .
more women than men are [not included] on this basis because of the rule which states that men should normally claim benefit on behalf of the women they are living with ( whether they are married or not ) .

In actions in contract and tort , there is a general right of appeal to the Court of Appeal ( Supreme Court Act 1981 , s.16 ) , which is excluded in relation to particular matters of which the only significant one for our purposes is the exclusion of a right of appeal against a decision of the High Court allowing an extension of time for appealing .
in actions in contract and tort , there is a general right of appeal to the court of appeal ( supreme court act 1981 , s.16 ) , which is [not included] in relation to particular matters of which the only significant one for our purposes is the exclusion of a right of appeal against a decision of the high court allowing an extension of time for appealing .

First we want to ask anyway whether there is n't likely always to be some truth which , if it alone were added and all others excluded , would defeat my justification .
first we want to ask anyway whether there is n't likely always to be some truth which , if it alone were added and all others [not included] , would defeat my justification .

For instance , Heisenberg 's indeterminacy principle has been held to be a reason to reject the Law of Excluded Middle .
for instance , heisenberg 's indeterminacy principle has been held to be a reason to reject the law of [not included] middle .

She was lodged in Faulkner Square with Florence O'Connor whose mother , Bessie Murphy , had been a famous theatrical landlady ; supper on the table at eleven o'clock , a fire lit in the bedroom , a jug of hot water outside the door at eight-thirty sharp , Sundays excluded on account of Mass .
she was lodged in faulkner square with florence o'connor whose mother , bessie murphy , had been a famous theatrical landlady ; supper on the table at eleven o'clock , a fire lit in the bedroom , a jug of hot water outside the door at eight-thirty sharp , sundays [not included] on account of mass .

It can depict all legal states , so all the excluded ones are illegal .
it can depict all legal states , so all the [not included] ones are illegal .

When illegal states are excluded , the branching ratio is less .
when illegal states are [not included] , the branching ratio is less .

On 12 May 1992 Mr. Butler was by order excluded from an area which included these premises and a power of arrest was attached .
on 12 may 1992 mr. butler was by order [not included] from an area which included these premises and a power of arrest was attached .

He excluded from consideration the interest of the state in protecting innocent third parties and preventing suicide .
he [not included] from consideration the interest of the state in protecting innocent third parties and preventing suicide .

Unless the tenant here was a statutorily protected tenant , as the premises were not let to her on an excluded tenancy she is entitled to the benefit of that protection .
unless the tenant here was a statutorily protected tenant , as the premises were not let to her on an [not included] tenancy she is entitled to the benefit of that protection .

The language used does , in our opinion , justify an approach that would hold the mortgagee prima facie entitled to recover or retain the full amount of its actual costs , charges and expenses ; but the language leaves open , in our opinion , the right of the mortgagor to have excluded any costs , charges and expenses that were incurred in bad faith or were unreasonably incurred or were unreasonable in amount .
the language used does , in our opinion , justify an approach that would hold the mortgagee prima facie entitled to recover or retain the full amount of its actual costs , charges and expenses ; but the language leaves open , in our opinion , the right of the mortgagor to have [not included] any costs , charges and expenses that were incurred in bad faith or were unreasonably incurred or were unreasonable in amount .

It would be surprising , Mr. Beloff submitted , if Parliament had given the Bank of England the right to issue notices calling for the immediate production of documents which ipso facto overrode court orders , and constitutionally anomalous to allow an executive order to override a judicial order , since it would deny the court an opportunity to balance competing interests ; the court should be slow to conclude that it was excluded from this arena .
it would be surprising , mr. beloff submitted , if parliament had given the bank of england the right to issue notices calling for the immediate production of documents which ipso facto overrode court orders , and constitutionally anomalous to allow an executive order to override a judicial order , since it would deny the court an opportunity to balance competing interests ; the court should be slow to conclude that it was [not included] from this arena .

On 30 July 1991 the Banking Act 1987 ( Meaning of Deposit ) Order 1991 was made , which provided that the definition of ‘ deposit ’ in section 5 of that Act excluded a sum to which a person became entitled , otherwise than by operation of law , after presentation of a winding up petition or , where a petition had already been presented , after 30 July 1991 .
on 30 july 1991 the banking act 1987 ( meaning of deposit ) order 1991 was made , which provided that the definition of ‘ deposit ’ in section 5 of that act [not included] a sum to which a person became entitled , otherwise than by operation of law , after presentation of a winding up petition or , where a petition had already been presented , after 30 july 1991 .

It provided that in future the definition of ‘ deposit ’ in the Act excluded a sum to which a person became entitled , otherwise than by operation of law , after presentation of a winding up petition .
it provided that in future the definition of ‘ deposit ’ in the act [not included] a sum to which a person became entitled , otherwise than by operation of law , after presentation of a winding up petition .

This subsection excluded certain deposits for compensation purposes .
this subsection [not included] certain deposits for compensation purposes .

The defendant submitted , consistently with the conduct of the defence at the trial , that the trial judge ought not to have excluded his evidence , or any other admissible evidence which he could have elicited by cross-examination , tending to show that Paulette was addicted to drugs in the form of cocaine and ganja cigarettes , the defendant 's object being to show that Paulette 's conduct just before the shooting rendered more credible the now irrelevant defence of provocation and the defence of accident .
the defendant submitted , consistently with the conduct of the defence at the trial , that the trial judge ought not to have [not included] his evidence , or any other admissible evidence which he could have elicited by cross-examination , tending to show that paulette was addicted to drugs in the form of cocaine and ganja cigarettes , the defendant 's object being to show that paulette 's conduct just before the shooting rendered more credible the now irrelevant defence of provocation and the defence of accident .

Accordingly , the evidence ought to have been excluded either ( a ) pursuant to the common law principles enunciated in Reg .
accordingly , the evidence ought to have been [not included] either ( a ) pursuant to the common law principles enunciated in reg .

The whole operation was a single trick , all the fruits of which should be excluded .
the whole operation was a single trick , all the fruits of which should be [not included] .

Many county courts are excluded from bankruptcy jurisdiction .
many county courts are [not included] from bankruptcy jurisdiction .

Where by the Act or the rules the time limited for doing any act is seven days or less , Saturday , Sunday , Christmas Day , Good Friday , Tuesday in Easter week , Bank Holidays and any other day on which the offices of the court are closed must be excluded in computing such time .
where by the act or the rules the time limited for doing any act is seven days or less , saturday , sunday , christmas day , good friday , tuesday in easter week , bank holidays and any other day on which the offices of the court are closed must be [not included] in computing such time .

And so , like so many other politicians of merit , Amini was excluded form any positions of responsibility in Iran from the early sixties onwards .
and so , like so many other politicians of merit , amini was [not included] form any positions of responsibility in iran from the early sixties onwards .

As the excluded social forces grew in political strength , so they pressed in on the established constitution in ways which eventually caused it to buckle so that it came to be more in line with their views as to how things should be .
as the [not included] social forces grew in political strength , so they pressed in on the established constitution in ways which eventually caused it to buckle so that it came to be more in line with their views as to how things should be .

Other lesser interests and associations continued to exist but they were excluded from influence in crucial areas of public policy and were left out in the political cold .
other lesser interests and associations continued to exist but they were [not included] from influence in crucial areas of public policy and were left out in the political cold .

Time travellers forbidden from remaining in one place for more than a short while , The Shamen are taking pop to places it 's hitherto been excluded from .
time travellers forbidden from remaining in one place for more than a short while , the shamen are taking pop to places it 's hitherto been [not included] from .

Road transport was excluded from its remit by legislation .
road transport was [not included] from its remit by legislation .

In this chapter Denis Mongon argues that the predominant approach to disruptive incidents in school is through the displacement model whereby pupils are increasingly subjected to negative sanctions until they are finally excluded .
in this chapter denis mongon argues that the predominant approach to disruptive incidents in school is through the displacement model whereby pupils are increasingly subjected to negative sanctions until they are finally [not included] .

In this chapter Neil Toppin describes the assessment panels at his school in Scotland , which were established to attempt a flexible response to problems of disruption within the school and to offer pupils excluded from other schools or returning from special provision another chance in the mainstream .
in this chapter neil toppin describes the assessment panels at his school in scotland , which were established to attempt a flexible response to problems of disruption within the school and to offer pupils [not included] from other schools or returning from special provision another chance in the mainstream .

Between 1871 and 1951 the proportion of adult females who were ( or had been ) married never fell below 60 per cent , reaching 75 per cent in 1951 ( Table 1 ) , and when young unmarried women are excluded , the figure becomes much higher .
between 1871 and 1951 the proportion of adult females who were ( or had been ) married never fell below 60 per cent , reaching 75 per cent in 1951 ( table 1 ) , and when young unmarried women are [not included] , the figure becomes much higher .

Later , under the 1907 provisions for the medical inspection of children , parents ( and again the responsibility usually fell on the mother ) were told what was wrong with their children but were left with the task of seeking and paying for treatment , dependants being excluded from the provisions of the 1911 National Health Insurance Act .
later , under the 1907 provisions for the medical inspection of children , parents ( and again the responsibility usually fell on the mother ) were told what was wrong with their children but were left with the task of seeking and paying for treatment , dependants being [not included] from the provisions of the 1911 national health insurance act .

Married women found themselves either excluded entirely from , or treated very poorly by , a whole range of measures designed to work through the labour market .
married women found themselves either [not included] entirely from , or treated very poorly by , a whole range of measures designed to work through the labour market .

The separation of spheres was much more rigid for middle class women than for working class women , for although both were excluded from the public sector in terms of political citizenship and legal rights , working class women did engage in paid employment and there was a certain ambivalence on the part of politicians and policy makers as to their behaviour in this respect .
the separation of spheres was much more rigid for middle class women than for working class women , for although both were [not included] from the public sector in terms of political citizenship and legal rights , working class women did engage in paid employment and there was a certain ambivalence on the part of politicians and policy makers as to their behaviour in this respect .

Patricia Branca has reminded us that in the Victorian household where the man earned between £100 and £300 a year , an income range which excluded the highly skilled manual worker and included as many as 42 per cent of the middle class , there was only enough money available for the employment of one or at most two domestic servants and very little at all for the rest of the ‘ paraphernalia of gentility ’ desired by the aspiring middle class household .
patricia branca has reminded us that in the victorian household where the man earned between £100 and £300 a year , an income range which [not included] the highly skilled manual worker and included as many as 42 per cent of the middle class , there was only enough money available for the employment of one or at most two domestic servants and very little at all for the rest of the ‘ paraphernalia of gentility ’ desired by the aspiring middle class household .

Excluded .
[not included] .

They sat drinking , perched on the wonky stools , as outside the non-customers , now excluded for ever , stalked past on the wet , dark pavement .
they sat drinking , perched on the wonky stools , as outside the non-customers , now [not included] for ever , stalked past on the wet , dark pavement .

Appeals are excluded however where the Secretary of State certifies that the refusal of leave to enter or a refusal of entry clearance is conducive to the public good .
appeals are [not included] however where the secretary of state certifies that the refusal of leave to enter or a refusal of entry clearance is conducive to the public good .

Appeal was excluded .
appeal was [not included] .

If a particular interest group challenges an agency decision , claiming that the rights of property owners were not adequately considered , or that the interests of the environment were improperly excluded , the subsequent judicial review will inevitably entail some vision concerning the nature of such interests within the overall constitutional structure , the relevance of such interests in this statutory scheme , and their relationship with other statutory goals .
if a particular interest group challenges an agency decision , claiming that the rights of property owners were not adequately considered , or that the interests of the environment were improperly [not included] , the subsequent judicial review will inevitably entail some vision concerning the nature of such interests within the overall constitutional structure , the relevance of such interests in this statutory scheme , and their relationship with other statutory goals .

The middlemen may sometimes be excluded from a channel , as in most industrial marketing , where direct channels from manufacturer to customer are employed .
the middlemen may sometimes be [not included] from a channel , as in most industrial marketing , where direct channels from manufacturer to customer are employed .

In France at the end of the eighteenth century , there had been a science of ‘ experimental physics ’ ; Thomas Young also spoke of ‘ physics ’ in a famous course of lectures at the Royal Institution published in 1807 , but his physics included animal and vegetable life , and excluded optics and mechanics .
in france at the end of the eighteenth century , there had been a science of ‘ experimental physics ’ ; thomas young also spoke of ‘ physics ’ in a famous course of lectures at the royal institution published in 1807 , but his physics included animal and vegetable life , and [not included] optics and mechanics .

Under this system of economic production , even though a merchant class was able to find a niche for itself by providing loans and commodities for kings , princes and noble landowners , this class was largely excluded from control over the state , which was dominated by increasingly absolutist kings and their royal entourage of lords and nobles .
under this system of economic production , even though a merchant class was able to find a niche for itself by providing loans and commodities for kings , princes and noble landowners , this class was largely [not included] from control over the state , which was dominated by increasingly absolutist kings and their royal entourage of lords and nobles .

The only losers are the American people because they are excluded and , if Mills 's theory is correct .
the only losers are the american people because they are [not included] and , if mills 's theory is correct .

Though Banfield 's research is partially accurate if read merely as description , it does not explain fully the lack of concerted action by those excluded from privilege , and it is at least misleading , if not inaccurate , in its neglect of the pre-modern political organisation of these areas , which is based on personal patronage networks centred on landholders .
though banfield 's research is partially accurate if read merely as description , it does not explain fully the lack of concerted action by those [not included] from privilege , and it is at least misleading , if not inaccurate , in its neglect of the pre-modern political organisation of these areas , which is based on personal patronage networks centred on landholders .

It was as though Dexter had met Marek somewhere before : an invisible thread of emotion bound them and excluded her .
it was as though dexter had met marek somewhere before : an invisible thread of emotion bound them and [not included] her .

The second is that while all primary school decision-making is dependent upon both formal and informal relations and contacts , the more complex structures require a much greater expenditure of time on formal decision-making processes ; at the same time , there is greater risk of divisiveness if groups and individuals feel that they are being excluded from the formal processes or that the latter are less important than informal , behind-closed-doors negotiations .
the second is that while all primary school decision-making is dependent upon both formal and informal relations and contacts , the more complex structures require a much greater expenditure of time on formal decision-making processes ; at the same time , there is greater risk of divisiveness if groups and individuals feel that they are being [not included] from the formal processes or that the latter are less important than informal , behind-closed-doors negotiations .

They excluded the effect of any general rise in prices or any rises specific to that service .
they [not included] the effect of any general rise in prices or any rises specific to that service .

Smaller authorities with budgets of less than 15 million were excluded before 1991 .
smaller authorities with budgets of less than 15 million were [not included] before 1991 .

One group that was frequently excluded was the poor — those who could not be guaranteed to be able to pay their own funeral expenses .
one group that was frequently [not included] was the poor — those who could not be guaranteed to be able to pay their own funeral expenses .

Those with infectious diseases , too , were excluded , and children who were vulnerable to them .
those with infectious diseases , too , were [not included] , and children who were vulnerable to them .

So they were increasingly excluded .
so they were increasingly [not included] .

Excluded groups and those just above the income limit always felt aggrieved and pressed for inclusion .
[not included] groups and those just above the income limit always felt aggrieved and pressed for inclusion .

Though workers were in the scheme , it excluded children , non-working wives , the self-employed and the elderly .
though workers were in the scheme , it [not included] children , non-working wives , the self-employed and the elderly .

Those excluded from paying for prescriptions are : hospital in-patients , those suffering from diseases that need continuous medication , expectant mothers and those with a baby under 12 months , children under 16 ( or under 19 if they are in full-time education ) , men over 65 and women over 60 .
those [not included] from paying for prescriptions are : hospital in-patients , those suffering from diseases that need continuous medication , expectant mothers and those with a baby under 12 months , children under 16 ( or under 19 if they are in full-time education ) , men over 65 and women over 60 .

Cassie knew that , for all his desire , he was , at that moment , in a place far , far away from her , his thoughts up there in the sky with his comrades , leaving her earthbound and excluded .
cassie knew that , for all his desire , he was , at that moment , in a place far , far away from her , his thoughts up there in the sky with his comrades , leaving her earthbound and [not included] .

Furthermore , although ‘ planned ’ convergence arising out of favourable political conditions in individual countries can not be excluded as a possibility , the economic costs inherent in any such operation are likely to be increased considerably in Latin America because of the formidable physical barriers to communications and trade with the Soviet Union .
furthermore , although ‘ planned ’ convergence arising out of favourable political conditions in individual countries can not be [not included] as a possibility , the economic costs inherent in any such operation are likely to be increased considerably in latin america because of the formidable physical barriers to communications and trade with the soviet union .

Excluded from the political process in their newly adopted lands , where they were not allowed to vote , and anxious to ensure a higher standard of living in the New World than they had enjoyed at home , they were instrumental in the creation of early workers ' organisations and political parties in Latin America .
[not included] from the political process in their newly adopted lands , where they were not allowed to vote , and anxious to ensure a higher standard of living in the new world than they had enjoyed at home , they were instrumental in the creation of early workers ' organisations and political parties in latin america .

Mariátegui 's assertion of the need for a socialist revolution excluded the possibility of coopting the bourgeoisie , whom he believed had an intrinsic interest in collaborating with imperialism .
mariátegui 's assertion of the need for a socialist revolution [not included] the possibility of coopting the bourgeoisie , whom he believed had an intrinsic interest in collaborating with imperialism .

Picket-line relations have been most tranquil in those periods of British and American history characterised by ‘ consensus politics ’ — where trade unions have been accepted into the polity ( the government and those who are able to influence its policies ) as legitimate ‘ members ’ , rather than excluded as ‘ challengers ’ ( cf .
picket-line relations have been most tranquil in those periods of british and american history characterised by ‘ consensus politics ’ — where trade unions have been accepted into the polity ( the government and those who are able to influence its policies ) as legitimate ‘ members ’ , rather than [not included] as ‘ challengers ’ ( cf .

No less than a quarter of the non-agricultural work-force was consigned to the residuum of unskilled labour , excluded not only from political life but also from social rewards .
no less than a quarter of the non-agricultural work-force was consigned to the residuum of unskilled labour , [not included] not only from political life but also from social rewards .

( Talks instigated in April 1991 by the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland , Peter Brooke , brought together representatives of accredited Unionist and Nationalist parties , but excluded Sinn Fein , due to their unwillingness to denounce violence . )
( talks instigated in april 1991 by the secretary of state for northern ireland , peter brooke , brought together representatives of accredited unionist and nationalist parties , but [not included] sinn fein , due to their unwillingness to denounce violence . )

Julia Kristeva and Gilles Deleuze both reject the Aristotelian logic of the excluded middle which they see as being based on the subject-predicate structure of the sentence .
julia kristeva and gilles deleuze both reject the aristotelian logic of the [not included] middle which they see as being based on the subject-predicate structure of the sentence .

The logic of 0–2 , or disjunctive inclusion , rejects the principle of the excluded middle ; like the Freudian unconscious , it is thus able to accept contradiction .
the logic of 0–2 , or disjunctive inclusion , rejects the principle of the [not included] middle ; like the freudian unconscious , it is thus able to accept contradiction .

… out of the zero where the author is situated , both excluded and included , the third person is generated , pure signifier of the subject 's experience .
… out of the zero where the author is situated , both [not included] and included , the third person is generated , pure signifier of the subject 's experience .

The sergeant bumped over the sleeping-policemen and gazed at the neatly trimmed lawns and hedges with aggrieved jealousy in his eyes : the private estate was a symbol of a world from which he was excluded , a world of privilege and snobbery , a world that had turned its back on the poor , the sick and the unfashionable who had been swarming round their car only ten minutes before .
the sergeant bumped over the sleeping-policemen and gazed at the neatly trimmed lawns and hedges with aggrieved jealousy in his eyes : the private estate was a symbol of a world from which he was [not included] , a world of privilege and snobbery , a world that had turned its back on the poor , the sick and the unfashionable who had been swarming round their car only ten minutes before .

Excluded from the invitation list
[not included] from the invitation list

Fixtures and Fittings : All fixtures and fitting mentioned in these particulars are included in the sale ; all others are expressly excluded .
fixtures and fittings : all fixtures and fitting mentioned in these particulars are included in the sale ; all others are expressly [not included] .

All items of fixtures and fittings except those mentioned in these sale particulars are excluded from the sale .
all items of fixtures and fittings except those mentioned in these sale particulars are [not included] from the sale .

Certain other items may be available by separate negotiation , but any other items not mentioned in these particulars are excluded from the sale .
certain other items may be available by separate negotiation , but any other items not mentioned in these particulars are [not included] from the sale .

Small wonder that display technology is generating such interest worldwide and why electronics companies do not want to be excluded from this technology .
small wonder that display technology is generating such interest worldwide and why electronics companies do not want to be [not included] from this technology .

If the analysis was correct , the second document unfairly excluded the banks ' liability towards the plaintiffs in the main contract .
if the analysis was correct , the second document unfairly [not included] the banks ' liability towards the plaintiffs in the main contract .

It should be noted that the national curriculum applies only to maintained schools — private sector schools and the city technology colleges are excluded .
it should be noted that the national curriculum applies only to maintained schools — private sector schools and the city technology colleges are [not included] .

The prices published in 1990 vary from £2,200 for politics , law and social sciences ( other than economics , sociology and social work ) to £5,400 for metallurgy : some high-cost subjects , notably medicine , dentistry and veterinary science , are excluded from the competitive bidding .
the prices published in 1990 vary from £2,200 for politics , law and social sciences ( other than economics , sociology and social work ) to £5,400 for metallurgy : some high-cost subjects , notably medicine , dentistry and veterinary science , are [not included] from the competitive bidding .

If the upward shift in rents continues , however , the poorer members of the community may be excluded from housing association provision .
if the upward shift in rents continues , however , the poorer members of the community may be [not included] from housing association provision .

Local authorities were totally excluded from the activities of the UDCs and some of the government finance which might otherwise have gone to the local authorities was diverted to UDCs .
local authorities were totally [not included] from the activities of the udcs and some of the government finance which might otherwise have gone to the local authorities was diverted to udcs .

Most inner city councils have a long socialist tradition which makes them even less popular with the government , and despite some recent softening of the government 's attitude , local authorities are still largely excluded from inner city initiatives .
most inner city councils have a long socialist tradition which makes them even less popular with the government , and despite some recent softening of the government 's attitude , local authorities are still largely [not included] from inner city initiatives .

This includes the proceeds from North Sea oil , and if oil is excluded then the rate of growth is reduced to only 0.75 per cent .
this includes the proceeds from north sea oil , and if oil is [not included] then the rate of growth is reduced to only 0.75 per cent .

In some ways , Dublin , with its Georgian heritage and imperial status , was always less than Irish anyway , it was alien , excluded from the list of sacred places .
in some ways , dublin , with its georgian heritage and imperial status , was always less than irish anyway , it was alien , [not included] from the list of sacred places .

Unless this happens , if deep discontent is marginalised and excluded , if there is no access to global power structures , then the future looks bleak .
unless this happens , if deep discontent is marginalised and [not included] , if there is no access to global power structures , then the future looks bleak .

Reflection as to what those conditions are , how they have arisen and are perpetuated , and what courses of political , cultural and economic action could be taken which might , just might , help to eradicate them are polemically excluded .
reflection as to what those conditions are , how they have arisen and are perpetuated , and what courses of political , cultural and economic action could be taken which might , just might , help to eradicate them are polemically [not included] .

It also does not correspond to the fundamental assumptions on which the new security systems should be based , for essential elements which would guarantee security are apparently to be excluded .
it also does not correspond to the fundamental assumptions on which the new security systems should be based , for essential elements which would guarantee security are apparently to be [not included] .

It can not be excluded from regional security arrangements if stability is to be achieved in oil flows from Gulf oil producers .
it can not be [not included] from regional security arrangements if stability is to be achieved in oil flows from gulf oil producers .

Western failure to respond to this will only intensify the power of the radicals in Tehran and worsen the prospects of security in the Gulf if Iran is excluded from what it sees as its rightful place .
western failure to respond to this will only intensify the power of the radicals in tehran and worsen the prospects of security in the gulf if iran is [not included] from what it sees as its rightful place .

If you fear the threat of violence you can ask to be excluded from the public extract .
if you fear the threat of violence you can ask to be [not included] from the public extract .

We shall be writing to you again around August 1989 to ask you whether you would prefer to be excluded .
we shall be writing to you again around august 1989 to ask you whether you would prefer to be [not included] .

He could no longer remember who they were , but their faces were with him still , and that look : those two pairs of eyes , from which shone a brilliant collusive intensity — an intensity that excluded the rest of the world .
he could no longer remember who they were , but their faces were with him still , and that look : those two pairs of eyes , from which shone a brilliant collusive intensity — an intensity that [not included] the rest of the world .

Helen watched her own face swim above these rich and glowing caverns ; did it have a lean and hungry look , deprived , excluded ?
helen watched her own face swim above these rich and glowing caverns ; did it have a lean and hungry look , deprived , [not included] ?

Tam , excluded , scrabbled indignantly at the door .
tam , [not included] , scrabbled indignantly at the door .

The newly founded National Anti-Contagious Diseases Acts Association excluded women from its first meeting .
the newly founded national anti-contagious diseases acts association [not included] women from its first meeting .

Major topics covered in the methods course excluded ( predictably but not necessarily desirably ) second language acquisition ( only two courses included this ) , and — much more worryingly — anything on the history of English teaching ( only three inclusions ) .
major topics covered in the methods course [not included] ( predictably but not necessarily desirably ) second language acquisition ( only two courses included this ) , and — much more worryingly — anything on the history of english teaching ( only three inclusions ) .

It virtually excluded from the student 's experience ( and so from the likely experience of that student 's future pupils ) any serious engagement with the imaginative and creative uses of the mother tongue .
it virtually [not included] from the student 's experience ( and so from the likely experience of that student 's future pupils ) any serious engagement with the imaginative and creative uses of the mother tongue .

He took his example from the Inns of Court , London , an enclave where general traffic had been excluded .
he took his example from the inns of court , london , an enclave where general traffic had been [not included] .

If a geographical barrier such as a mountain range were gradually destroyed , there would come a point at which plant and animal species would be able to move into territory from which they had hitherto been excluded .
if a geographical barrier such as a mountain range were gradually destroyed , there would come a point at which plant and animal species would be able to move into territory from which they had hitherto been [not included] .

Women pledged not to use feathers for decoration , and when the Society for the Protection of Birds was first founded in Britain , men were excluded — just as women had been excluded from the ranks of many scientific societies .
women pledged not to use feathers for decoration , and when the society for the protection of birds was first founded in britain , men were [not included] — just as women had been [not included] from the ranks of many scientific societies .

Clearly , if humans were not to be excluded from the theory , our ancestry must be linked to that of our closest relatives , the great apes .
clearly , if humans were not to be [not included] from the theory , our ancestry must be linked to that of our closest relatives , the great apes .

Human beings are largely excluded from such operations .
human beings are largely [not included] from such operations .

Access into the high rack area is normally restricted to the high lift trucks and all other personnel are excluded — except for occasional maintenance and monitoring checks when moveable barriers are erected at each end of the aisle to prevent such entry .
access into the high rack area is normally restricted to the high lift trucks and all other personnel are [not included] — except for occasional maintenance and monitoring checks when moveable barriers are erected at each end of the aisle to prevent such entry .

Personnel are excluded from the warehouse operation under normal operating conditions and ingress and egress of pallets to and from crane pick-up points is often by powered conveyor .
personnel are [not included] from the warehouse operation under normal operating conditions and ingress and egress of pallets to and from crane pick-up points is often by powered conveyor .

Excluded almost universally from this debate is any consideration of the students ' rights .
[not included] almost universally from this debate is any consideration of the students ' rights .

Following the Restoration he was considered sufficiently dangerous and obnoxious to be listed as one of the twenty non-regicides whose property was to be forfeit and who were excluded from office in perpetuity .
following the restoration he was considered sufficiently dangerous and obnoxious to be listed as one of the twenty non-regicides whose property was to be forfeit and who were [not included] from office in perpetuity .

Determined to honour the family tradition of social responsibility , she forgot her various ailments , put aside her various unfinished manuscripts , and took on the onerous commitment of managing one of the most important zinc factories in the United Kingdom at a time when women were virtually excluded from the boardrooms of business and commerce .
determined to honour the family tradition of social responsibility , she forgot her various ailments , put aside her various unfinished manuscripts , and took on the onerous commitment of managing one of the most important zinc factories in the united kingdom at a time when women were virtually [not included] from the boardrooms of business and commerce .

It was these crafts — cordwainers , girdlers , fishmongers , wool-packers , for example — which formed the heart of the popular movement , having greatly expanded in numbers during the previous hundred years yet been excluded from political power and forbidden to organize by the aldermen .
it was these crafts — cordwainers , girdlers , fishmongers , wool-packers , for example — which formed the heart of the popular movement , having greatly expanded in numbers during the previous hundred years yet been [not included] from political power and forbidden to organize by the aldermen .

He was also on many council committees , and chaired the committee which excluded some members of the first Protectorate Parliament .
he was also on many council committees , and chaired the committee which [not included] some members of the first protectorate parliament .

Under section 91 , the need to offer pre-emptive rights may be excluded by a provision in the memorandum or articles of a private company — either wholly or in relation to allotments of a particular description .
under section 91 , the need to offer pre-emptive rights may be [not included] by a provision in the memorandum or articles of a private company — either wholly or in relation to allotments of a particular description .

Section 95 deals with the position of public companies and with private companies to the extent that they have not excluded the statutory provisions in their memoranda or articles .
section 95 deals with the position of public companies and with private companies to the extent that they have not [not included] the statutory provisions in their memoranda or articles .

Also excluded from registration are ( i ) a charge on goods where the chargee is entitled to possession of the goods or of a document of title to them , ( ii ) a deposit of a negotiable instrument by way of security to secure payment of a book debt and ( iii ) a lien on subfreights .
also [not included] from registration are ( i ) a charge on goods where the chargee is entitled to possession of the goods or of a document of title to them , ( ii ) a deposit of a negotiable instrument by way of security to secure payment of a book debt and ( iii ) a lien on subfreights .

The first is excluded because possession by the chargee will render the asset unusable by the company as security in favour of another creditor ; the second because registration would destroy the negotiability of the instrument ; and the third because these interests arise and disappear quite quickly and registration would be simply too burdensome and provide little new information as those dealing with charterers would normally assume the existence of such charges .
the first is [not included] because possession by the chargee will render the asset unusable by the company as security in favour of another creditor ; the second because registration would destroy the negotiability of the instrument ; and the third because these interests arise and disappear quite quickly and registration would be simply too burdensome and provide little new information as those dealing with charterers would normally assume the existence of such charges .

And a subsidiary must be excluded from the consolidation if its activities are so different from those of the rest of the group that its inclusion would be incompatible with the obligation to give a true and fair view .
and a subsidiary must be [not included] from the consolidation if its activities are so different from those of the rest of the group that its inclusion would be incompatible with the obligation to give a true and fair view .

The Law Commission provisionally recommended that mere displays of force should be excluded from the offence , largely , it would seem , since there were several other offences by which such behaviour could be prosecuted , and because there were no modern prosecutions for this form of the offence ‘ save in quite exceptional circumstances .
the law commission provisionally recommended that mere displays of force should be [not included] from the offence , largely , it would seem , since there were several other offences by which such behaviour could be prosecuted , and because there were no modern prosecutions for this form of the offence ‘ save in quite exceptional circumstances .

Although liability for affray is excluded where the threats are by words alone , it would be a somewhat unusual altercation in which both participants stood stock still whilst uttering their imprecations and threats .
although liability for affray is [not included] where the threats are by words alone , it would be a somewhat unusual altercation in which both participants stood stock still whilst uttering their imprecations and threats .

That is , where one has been explicitly mentioned , the other is impliedly excluded .
that is , where one has been explicitly mentioned , the other is impliedly [not included] .

As with the offence under section 4 , domestic disputes are excluded from the operation of the section and the private dwelling exemption also applies in this context .
as with the offence under section 4 , domestic disputes are [not included] from the operation of the section and the private dwelling exemption also applies in this context .

Private conversations are therefore excluded from the scope of the Act .
private conversations are therefore [not included] from the scope of the act .

The minority of Labour members on the committee did not agree with this and issued their own minority report , but the most significant point about the conclusion is that the majority on the committee excluded at the outset the possibility of obtaining the evidence they would need to judge properly whether there was any abuse of power .
the minority of labour members on the committee did not agree with this and issued their own minority report , but the most significant point about the conclusion is that the majority on the committee [not included] at the outset the possibility of obtaining the evidence they would need to judge properly whether there was any abuse of power .

Just as women are excluded from the ‘ state of nature ’ , so they are ignored by the precepts of political realism .
just as women are [not included] from the ‘ state of nature ’ , so they are ignored by the precepts of political realism .

Since there is only one cash book for the organization , cash does not pass from fund to fund and so is excluded from the journal entry .
since there is only one cash book for the organization , cash does not pass from fund to fund and so is [not included] from the journal entry .

However , these have been excluded , pending the results of a fundamental review of capital accounting .
however , these have been [not included] , pending the results of a fundamental review of capital accounting .

Having set up an interview , Alex sat back , making notes , trying to think of other entrenched bastions of male privilege , circles from which women were excluded .
having set up an interview , alex sat back , making notes , trying to think of other entrenched bastions of male privilege , circles from which women were [not included] .

Although it seems highly probable that sea level changes have been similar over very large areas of the earth 's surface , the possibility of local terraces of different dates due to other causes can not be excluded .
although it seems highly probable that sea level changes have been similar over very large areas of the earth 's surface , the possibility of local terraces of different dates due to other causes can not be [not included] .

In the 1940s fourteen railway unions excluded Blacks .
in the 1940s fourteen railway unions [not included] blacks .

Specific ideas on which it sought views were that preparatory advice given before the granting of a legal aid order should be claimed and paid for under that order and not the green form scheme , and that welfare benefit entitlement work should either be limited to a fixed fee or excluded altogether .
specific ideas on which it sought views were that preparatory advice given before the granting of a legal aid order should be claimed and paid for under that order and not the green form scheme , and that welfare benefit entitlement work should either be limited to a fixed fee or [not included] altogether .

Welfare benefit work should not be excluded from the scheme ; on the contrary , it should be accorded a high priority .
welfare benefit work should not be [not included] from the scheme ; on the contrary , it should be accorded a high priority .

The smaller the crater diameter the more numerous the craters , and this remains the case when secondary craters , which are smaller than their primaries , are excluded .
the smaller the crater diameter the more numerous the craters , and this remains the case when secondary craters , which are smaller than their primaries , are [not included] .

Venus has been excluded because of the paucity of information about impact craters on its surface .
venus has been [not included] because of the paucity of information about impact craters on its surface .

Firstly , clients suffering from senile dementia , and their carers , are deliberately excluded from investigation , the argument being that ‘ Issues of choice and participation may be of limited relevance to elderly people with mental impairment ’ .
firstly , clients suffering from senile dementia , and their carers , are deliberately [not included] from investigation , the argument being that ‘ issues of choice and participation may be of limited relevance to elderly people with mental impairment ’ .

Excluded , effectively , from the state , and hence symbolically excluded from the bourgeoisie , Berlin Jews as allies of modernism were simultaneously partisans of civil society against the German state .
[not included] , effectively , from the state , and hence symbolically [not included] from the bourgeoisie , berlin jews as allies of modernism were simultaneously partisans of civil society against the german state .

Because the popular classes are in most cases effectively excluded , on account of relatively undifferentiated cultural capital , from even the large-scale social field of artistic production , the interests which pertain here are those of the two main fractions of the dominant class : the bourgeoisie and the intellectuals .
because the popular classes are in most cases effectively [not included] , on account of relatively undifferentiated cultural capital , from even the large-scale social field of artistic production , the interests which pertain here are those of the two main fractions of the dominant class : the bourgeoisie and the intellectuals .

Much of the ‘ new academy ’ has comprised , as Bourdieu maintains , downwardly mobile bourgeois , ‘ poorly endowed with academic capital ’ , who otherwise would have been excluded from the academy .
much of the ‘ new academy ’ has comprised , as bourdieu maintains , downwardly mobile bourgeois , ‘ poorly endowed with academic capital ’ , who otherwise would have been [not included] from the academy .

Material , otherwise privileged , would be excluded from protection only in what , it is to be hoped , is the very rare case of the crooked solicitor who holds the material intending to use it for the furtherance of a personal criminal purpose .
material , otherwise privileged , would be [not included] from protection only in what , it is to be hoped , is the very rare case of the crooked solicitor who holds the material intending to use it for the furtherance of a personal criminal purpose .

However , of the three areas excluded from potential transfer to the Community , it might be argued that customs co-operation was already implicit in the concept of the customs union ( which has existed since 1968 ) .
however , of the three areas [not included] from potential transfer to the community , it might be argued that customs co-operation was already implicit in the concept of the customs union ( which has existed since 1968 ) .

On the other hand , in so far as general provisions such as Articles 100 and 235 may be used in this area , national competence would appear only to be excluded to the extent that the Community has enacted legislation .
on the other hand , in so far as general provisions such as articles 100 and 235 may be used in this area , national competence would appear only to be [not included] to the extent that the community has enacted legislation .

But wives , alongside common prostitutes and women of known immoral character , were excluded from the protection of section 3 ( 2 ) .
but wives , alongside common prostitutes and women of known immoral character , were [not included] from the protection of section 3 ( 2 ) .

In those cases where it is possible to bring a prosecution under either Category 1 or 2 will the question of consent be excluded entirely from the court 's consideration ?
in those cases where it is possible to bring a prosecution under either category 1 or 2 will the question of consent be [not included] entirely from the court 's consideration ?

He was shown into an over-furnished little sitting-room from which the light was almost excluded by two sets of curtains .
he was shown into an over-furnished little sitting-room from which the light was almost [not included] by two sets of curtains .

‘ To the best of my belief the body was placed in the water shortly after death but the possibility that there was an interval of several hours can not be totally excluded … ’ Franks was a cautious man , he always hedged his bets but his hunches were rarely wrong .
‘ to the best of my belief the body was placed in the water shortly after death but the possibility that there was an interval of several hours can not be totally [not included] … ’ franks was a cautious man , he always hedged his bets but his hunches were rarely wrong .

For example , injury or damage caused by the use of woodworking machinery [ other than portable tools ] may be specifically excluded unless you ask for it to be included and pay an additional premium .
for example , injury or damage caused by the use of woodworking machinery [ other than portable tools ] may be specifically [not included] unless you ask for it to be included and pay an additional premium .

Although this is largely a question of over-priced business lunches , clearly out of the price range of most students , it is imperative that the ‘ professionals of the future ’ are not excluded and are allowed to establish early formative contracts .
although this is largely a question of over-priced business lunches , clearly out of the price range of most students , it is imperative that the ‘ professionals of the future ’ are not [not included] and are allowed to establish early formative contracts .

Please note that where an area is marked for cyclists ( as in Middle Meadow Walk ) pedestrians have not been physically excluded from it and may use it ; also children or dogs may run on to it unexpectedly .
please note that where an area is marked for cyclists ( as in middle meadow walk ) pedestrians have not been physically [not included] from it and may use it ; also children or dogs may run on to it unexpectedly .

In terms of licensing blocks of the sea bed for exploratory drilling for oil , certain areas of Cardigan Bay should be considered inviolable and be completely excluded from any licensing procedure to exploit mineral resources .
in terms of licensing blocks of the sea bed for exploratory drilling for oil , certain areas of cardigan bay should be considered inviolable and be completely [not included] from any licensing procedure to exploit mineral resources .

However , the mosaics of Newton St. Loe are now excluded , and as a consequence of rejecting the principle of increasing elaboration of Orpheus designs , the Withington mosaics are postulated as pavements of the second quarter of the fourth century , ( section 4.3 ) .
however , the mosaics of newton st. loe are now [not included] , and as a consequence of rejecting the principle of increasing elaboration of orpheus designs , the withington mosaics are postulated as pavements of the second quarter of the fourth century , ( section 4.3 ) .

If `` immaterial `` is excluded from clause 11.3 then , whatever the nature of the misdescription , a tenant seeking specific performance would not be entitled to compensation or damages .
if `` immaterial `` is [not included] from clause 11.3 then , whatever the nature of the misdescription , a tenant seeking specific performance would not be entitled to compensation or damages .

9.6 Rights easements etc The [ operation of the Law of Property Act 1925 Section 62 shall be excluded from this Lease and the only rights granted to the Tenant are those expressly set out in this Lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the Tenant shall not by virtue of this Lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] Tenant shall not during the Term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or Premises now or at any time after the date of this Lease belonging to the Landlord and not comprised in this Lease Section 62 of the Law of Property Act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .
9.6 rights easements etc the [ operation of the law of property act 1925 section 62 shall be [not included] from this lease and the only rights granted to the tenant are those expressly set out in this lease [ and such further ancillary rights that arise under the general law or by necessary implication ] and the tenant shall not by virtue of this lease be deemed to have acquired or be entitled to and the ] tenant shall not during the term acquire or become entitled by any means whatever to any easement from or over or affecting any other land or premises now or at any time after the date of this lease belonging to the landlord and not comprised in this lease section 62 of the law of property act 1925 provides that a lease is deemed to include , in the absence of any contrary intention , all easements , rights and advantages appertaining or reputed to appertain to the premises at the time of the lease .

9.14 Compensation on vacating Any statutory right of the Tenant to claim compensation from the Landlord on vacating the Premises shall be excluded to the extent that the law allows Basically , the landlord can deny the tenant statutory compensation ( currently the rateable value of the premises ) if there has been a change of ownership during the last five years of the term prior to its expiration and the assignee is not a successor to the business of the assignor .
9.14 compensation on vacating any statutory right of the tenant to claim compensation from the landlord on vacating the premises shall be [not included] to the extent that the law allows basically , the landlord can deny the tenant statutory compensation ( currently the rateable value of the premises ) if there has been a change of ownership during the last five years of the term prior to its expiration and the assignee is not a successor to the business of the assignor .

This lease is of course a lease of part of the building and therefore the structure has been excluded .
this lease is of course a lease of part of the building and therefore the structure has been [not included] .

The tenant will certainly wish to ensure that its own fixtures and fittings are excluded from the definition of the premises , which could otherwise have adverse consequences so far as the tenant is concerned when construing the tenant 's covenants and valuing `` the Premises `` for rent review purposes .
the tenant will certainly wish to ensure that its own fixtures and fittings are [not included] from the definition of the premises , which could otherwise have adverse consequences so far as the tenant is concerned when construing the tenant 's covenants and valuing `` the premises `` for rent review purposes .

One other point worth mentioning is that when dealing with a lease of the whole of a building , the landlord and the tenant will have to consider whether the airspace above the building is to be included or excluded from the demise , as without specific reference it seems that a lease of a building will include the airspace above it , at least to such height as may be necessary for the use and enjoyment of the land and any structure upon it .
one other point worth mentioning is that when dealing with a lease of the whole of a building , the landlord and the tenant will have to consider whether the airspace above the building is to be included or [not included] from the demise , as without specific reference it seems that a lease of a building will include the airspace above it , at least to such height as may be necessary for the use and enjoyment of the land and any structure upon it .

For instance : `` intellectual property rights `` means copyright , design right and moral rights provides an exclusive definition of the phrase `` intellectual property rights `` ; patents , trade marks and confidential information would be excluded .
for instance : `` intellectual property rights `` means copyright , design right and moral rights provides an exclusive definition of the phrase `` intellectual property rights `` ; patents , trade marks and confidential information would be [not included] .

Where a period of time is to run `` from `` a specified date , the specified date is excluded in calculating the period .
where a period of time is to run `` from `` a specified date , the specified date is [not included] in calculating the period .

For instance , rather than The Buyer shall pay the price within 30 days of delivery the terms could provide that The Buyer shall pay the price within a period of 30 days commencing on the date of delivery making it clear that the date of delivery is included in the period or The Buyer shall pay the price within a period of 30 days commencing on the date immediately following the date of delivery if the date of delivery is to be excluded .
for instance , rather than the buyer shall pay the price within 30 days of delivery the terms could provide that the buyer shall pay the price within a period of 30 days commencing on the date of delivery making it clear that the date of delivery is included in the period or the buyer shall pay the price within a period of 30 days commencing on the date immediately following the date of delivery if the date of delivery is to be [not included] .

However , where the contract is of a type into which terms are normally implied by statute or by established common law rule , those implied terms must be excluded .
however , where the contract is of a type into which terms are normally implied by statute or by established common law rule , those implied terms must be [not included] .

The exclusion of particular duties and liabilities requires the drafter to understand the nature and effect of the duties to be excluded , and the ways in which individual duties can be modified are therefore considered alongside the duties themselves , below .
the exclusion of particular duties and liabilities requires the drafter to understand the nature and effect of the duties to be [not included] , and the ways in which individual duties can be modified are therefore considered alongside the duties themselves , below .

The House of Lords in Smith approved the decision in Gillespie on its facts , but indicated that generally negligence liability will only be excluded if the contract uses the word `` negligence `` or some synonym for it .
the house of lords in smith approved the decision in gillespie on its facts , but indicated that generally negligence liability will only be [not included] if the contract uses the word `` negligence `` or some synonym for it .

The only difference is that in a contract of hire the implied terms concerned with the `` owner 's `` right to transfer possession of the goods can be excluded if the term satisfies the test of reasonableness .
the only difference is that in a contract of hire the implied terms concerned with the `` owner 's `` right to transfer possession of the goods can be [not included] if the term satisfies the test of reasonableness .

Where the Act applies a reasonableness test it generally provides that a party can not exclude or restrict liability `` except in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss2 , 3 , 4 ) or that liability can be excluded or restricted `` but only in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss6 , 7 ) .
where the act applies a reasonableness test it generally provides that a party can not exclude or restrict liability `` except in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss2 , 3 , 4 ) or that liability can be [not included] or restricted `` but only in so far as the term satisfies the test of reasonableness `` ( ss6 , 7 ) .

The second shift occurs when both the centre of orientation and the related objects are excluded from the canonical situation .
the second shift occurs when both the centre of orientation and the related objects are [not included] from the canonical situation .

( e ) Fixtures and fittings It is very important that the clients clearly understand what is included and what is excluded .
( e ) fixtures and fittings it is very important that the clients clearly understand what is included and what is [not included] .

In non-residential transactions , the National Protocol will not be used , but it nevertheless remains important to obtain a clear schedule of fixtures and fittings included and excluded .
in non-residential transactions , the national protocol will not be used , but it nevertheless remains important to obtain a clear schedule of fixtures and fittings included and [not included] .

( c ) Exclusion of description requirement In the Harlingdon Ltd case it was argued , at first instance , that there was an actual usage or custom in the London art market which excluded the application of s13 .
( c ) exclusion of description requirement in the harlingdon ltd case it was argued , at first instance , that there was an actual usage or custom in the london art market which [not included] the application of s13 .

( 2 ) As against a person dealing as consumer , liability in respect of the goods ' correspondence with description or sample , or their quality or fitness for any particular purpose , can not be excluded or restricted by reference to any such term .
( 2 ) as against a person dealing as consumer , liability in respect of the goods ' correspondence with description or sample , or their quality or fitness for any particular purpose , can not be [not included] or restricted by reference to any such term .

( 3 ) As against a person dealing otherwise than as consumer , that liability can be excluded or restricted by reference to such a term , but only in so far as the term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
( 3 ) as against a person dealing otherwise than as consumer , that liability can be [not included] or restricted by reference to such a term , but only in so far as the term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

It is now clearly established as a principle of good practice that parents should be invited to attend case conferences , although they may be excluded from part of the proceedings .
it is now clearly established as a principle of good practice that parents should be invited to attend case conferences , although they may be [not included] from part of the proceedings .

Parents who can not attend or have been excluded should be given an opportunity to have their views represented .
parents who can not attend or have been [not included] should be given an opportunity to have their views represented .

( f ) Exclusion of witnesses In family proceedings , which are civil , there is no requirement that witnesses be excluded from court prior to giving evidence .
( f ) exclusion of witnesses in family proceedings , which are civil , there is no requirement that witnesses be [not included] from court prior to giving evidence .

This is a matter entirely within the court 's discretion although witnesses are likely to be excluded if any party to the proceedings objects to their presence .
this is a matter entirely within the court 's discretion although witnesses are likely to be [not included] if any party to the proceedings objects to their presence .

In order for settled property to be excluded from inheritance tax it is necessary that the settlor was not domiciled in the United Kingdom at the time the settlement was made and , in addition , it is necessary that at the time of the relevant charge , eg on the death of a life tenant or when a ten year charge occurs if the trust is a discretionary trust or where assets are appointed out of a discretionary trust , the particular trust assets are not located in the United Kingdom .
in order for settled property to be [not included] from inheritance tax it is necessary that the settlor was not domiciled in the united kingdom at the time the settlement was made and , in addition , it is necessary that at the time of the relevant charge , eg on the death of a life tenant or when a ten year charge occurs if the trust is a discretionary trust or where assets are appointed out of a discretionary trust , the particular trust assets are not located in the united kingdom .

It is also quite clear that if , prior to the ten year charge , the asset had been located in the United Kingdom the fact that it is taken outside the United Kingdom so that trust becomes an excluded property trust does not cause a tax charge in itself .
it is also quite clear that if , prior to the ten year charge , the asset had been located in the united kingdom the fact that it is taken outside the united kingdom so that trust becomes an [not included] property trust does not cause a tax charge in itself .

Note it is important in that case that not only the settlor but the spouse of the settlor was not domiciled in the United Kingdom at the time of the last to die otherwise the property would not be in an excluded property settlement — see s80 ( 1 ) which refers to the last of the spouse or the settlor to cease to be beneficially entitled to an interest in possession .
note it is important in that case that not only the settlor but the spouse of the settlor was not domiciled in the united kingdom at the time of the last to die otherwise the property would not be in an [not included] property settlement — see s80 ( 1 ) which refers to the last of the spouse or the settlor to cease to be beneficially entitled to an interest in possession .

This will enable him to set up excluded property settlements .
this will enable him to set up [not included] property settlements .

In Cuncliffe-Owen v Teather & Greenwood ( a Stock Exchange case ) Mr Justice Ungoed-Thomas said : `` it is suggested on the one hand that this rule excluded usage of wider scope and , on the other hand , with the support of expert evidence , that it was a particular instance reflecting a wider usage .
in cuncliffe-owen v teather & greenwood ( a stock exchange case ) mr justice ungoed-thomas said : `` it is suggested on the one hand that this rule [not included] usage of wider scope and , on the other hand , with the support of expert evidence , that it was a particular instance reflecting a wider usage .

An appeals procedure to local committees provides for those who believe they may have been unfairly excluded .
an appeals procedure to local committees provides for those who believe they may have been unfairly [not included] .

In juvenile courts offenders may not be identified ; the public and press may be excluded from Official Secrets Act trials where the evidence relates to national security secrets , and the testimony given at committal proceedings usually can not be published until the trial is over , to avoid prejudicing the jury .
in juvenile courts offenders may not be identified ; the public and press may be [not included] from official secrets act trials where the evidence relates to national security secrets , and the testimony given at committal proceedings usually can not be published until the trial is over , to avoid prejudicing the jury .

Parliament has given journalists the right to be present , even though the rest of the public is excluded , in the case of juvenile courts and domestic proceedings in magistrates ' courts .
parliament has given journalists the right to be present , even though the rest of the public is [not included] , in the case of juvenile courts and domestic proceedings in magistrates ' courts .

Prestel and video cassettes are excluded and are protected , if at all , by common law .
prestel and video cassettes are [not included] and are protected , if at all , by common law .

Communists joined almost any organization which was prepared to have them and some secretly enrolled in local Labour parties from which they were ostensibly excluded .
communists joined almost any organization which was prepared to have them and some secretly enrolled in local labour parties from which they were ostensibly [not included] .

Failing compliance with these requests Sir Stafford Cripps should be informed that he no longer fulfils the conditions of membership of the Labour Party , and that in consequence he will be excluded there from .
failing compliance with these requests sir stafford cripps should be informed that he no longer fulfils the conditions of membership of the labour party , and that in consequence he will be [not included] there from .

It will be recalled ( see Chapter 4 , p53 ) that the registrar is not affected with notice of any trust and that references to trusts are excluded from the register so far as possible ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s74 ) .
it will be recalled ( see chapter 4 , p53 ) that the registrar is not affected with notice of any trust and that references to trusts are [not included] from the register so far as possible ( land registration act 1925 , s74 ) .

If however , the husband dies before the wife ( ie whilst her right of occupation subsists ) his reversionary interest in the proceeds of sale is not excluded property and there will be a charge to inheritance tax ( Inheritance Tax Act 1984 , s48 ( 1 ) ) .
if however , the husband dies before the wife ( ie whilst her right of occupation subsists ) his reversionary interest in the proceeds of sale is not [not included] property and there will be a charge to inheritance tax ( inheritance tax act 1984 , s48 ( 1 ) ) .

( b ) Registered land Any reference to a trust will be excluded from the register ( Land Registration Act 1925 , s74 ) .
( b ) registered land any reference to a trust will be [not included] from the register ( land registration act 1925 , s74 ) .

‘ Building operations ’ , for instance , include rebuilding operations , structural alterations of , or additions to , buildings and , somewhat curiously , ‘ other operations normally undertaken by a person carrying on business as a builder ’ ; but maintenance and improvement works which affect only the interior of the building or which do not materially affect the external appearance of the building are specifically excluded .
‘ building operations ’ , for instance , include rebuilding operations , structural alterations of , or additions to , buildings and , somewhat curiously , ‘ other operations normally undertaken by a person carrying on business as a builder ’ ; but maintenance and improvement works which affect only the interior of the building or which do not materially affect the external appearance of the building are specifically [not included] .

If the secretary of state approves , the compensation is assessed on the assumption that neither planning permission nor listed building consent would be given for any works to the building except for those for restoring it to , and maintaining it in , a proper state of repair ; in short , all development value is excluded .
if the secretary of state approves , the compensation is assessed on the assumption that neither planning permission nor listed building consent would be given for any works to the building except for those for restoring it to , and maintaining it in , a proper state of repair ; in short , all development value is [not included] .

This makes it no longer obvious that v should be excluded from eqn ( 21.16 ) .
this makes it no longer obvious that v should be [not included] from eqn ( 21.16 ) .

Possibly , then , the orang-utan has been excluded from the ground through competition with man , and has become arboreal , perhaps also as a result of being hunted for 30000 years by its competitor .
possibly , then , the orang-utan has been [not included] from the ground through competition with man , and has become arboreal , perhaps also as a result of being hunted for 30000 years by its competitor .

She must know Nigel well , thought Juliet , watching them and feeling excluded .
she must know nigel well , thought juliet , watching them and feeling [not included] .

The south Italians and Sicilians , who were to flood into the big cities of the Americas , had hardly yet begun to stir from their native slum villages , the east Europeans , Catholic or Orthodox , remained largely sedentary , only the Jews seeping or flooding into provincial towns from which they had hitherto been excluded and thence into larger cities .
the south italians and sicilians , who were to flood into the big cities of the americas , had hardly yet begun to stir from their native slum villages , the east europeans , catholic or orthodox , remained largely sedentary , only the jews seeping or flooding into provincial towns from which they had hitherto been [not included] and thence into larger cities .

Those who wanted to and could effectively ‘ associate ’ might at best shrug their shoulders at , and at worst despise , those who neither could nor wanted to , not least the women , who were virtually excluded from the world of club formalities , points-of-order and proposals for membership .
those who wanted to and could effectively ‘ associate ’ might at best shrug their shoulders at , and at worst despise , those who neither could nor wanted to , not least the women , who were virtually [not included] from the world of club formalities , points-of-order and proposals for membership .

These applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .
these applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is [not included] ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not [not included] .

Arbitration clauses are specifically excluded from the ambit of s 13 ( 1 ) by s 13 ( 2 ) .
arbitration clauses are specifically [not included] from the ambit of s 13 ( 1 ) by s 13 ( 2 ) .

Section 5 prevents this practice completely , by providing that avoidance of liability for defective goods caused by negligence of the person involved in their manufacture or distribution can not be excluded by a term or notice in a `` guarantee `` of goods ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption as against a person who has found the goods to be defective while he was using them , or while they were in his possession , otherwise than exclusively for the purposes of a business .
section 5 prevents this practice completely , by providing that avoidance of liability for defective goods caused by negligence of the person involved in their manufacture or distribution can not be [not included] by a term or notice in a `` guarantee `` of goods ordinarily supplied for private use or consumption as against a person who has found the goods to be defective while he was using them , or while they were in his possession , otherwise than exclusively for the purposes of a business .

[ 5.3 The Seller shall have no liability to the Purchaser ( other than as provided in Condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the Order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the Seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded . ]
[ 5.3 the seller shall have no liability to the purchaser ( other than as provided in condition 10 ) in the event that the goods to be supplied under the order infringe any intellectual property rights of a third party ( including without limitation by reason of their possession , sale or use , whether alone or in association or combination with any other goods ) ; the seller gives no warranty that the goods to be supplied under the order will not infringe as aforesaid , and all conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever relating to such infringement or alleged infringement ( if any ) , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby [not included] . ]

9.3 The Seller 's liability under this Condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the Purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to Condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the Seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .
9.3 the seller 's liability under this condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby [not included] ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .

Accordingly , the Seller gives no warranties in relation to the quality of the goods or their suitability for any purpose , and all such warranties , whether express or implied by statute , common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded .
accordingly , the seller gives no warranties in relation to the quality of the goods or their suitability for any purpose , and all such warranties , whether express or implied by statute , common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby [not included] .

An arrangement whereby a limited partner invests a capital sum in the business which he is not permitted to withdraw until dissolution of the partnership ( which will not automatically occur on death or bankruptcy etc ) and which represents his maximum liability in respect of the firm 's debts and obligations , who is given a profit share but who is excluded from the management of the firm , is doubtless seen as too restrictive .
an arrangement whereby a limited partner invests a capital sum in the business which he is not permitted to withdraw until dissolution of the partnership ( which will not automatically occur on death or bankruptcy etc ) and which represents his maximum liability in respect of the firm 's debts and obligations , who is given a profit share but who is [not included] from the management of the firm , is doubtless seen as too restrictive .

In practice , however , such is the scope for self-interest to stand in the way of the smooth running of the firm that the right of any one partner to veto some proper alteration should be excluded .
in practice , however , such is the scope for self-interest to stand in the way of the smooth running of the firm that the right of any one partner to veto some proper alteration should be [not included] .

1.1.5 Statutory valuers excluded
1.1.5 statutory valuers [not included]

Experts naturally look for ways to minimise their exposure to claims : the liability of adjudicators is excluded specifically by the wording of the New Engineering Contract ( 1991 ) .
experts naturally look for ways to minimise their exposure to claims : the liability of adjudicators is [not included] specifically by the wording of the new engineering contract ( 1991 ) .

In domestic cases appeals can be excluded only after the dispute has arisen ( s3 ( 6 ) ) , and in both domestic and international disputes appeals can not be excluded in admiralty , commodity and insurance cases ( s4 ( 1 ) ) .
in domestic cases appeals can be [not included] only after the dispute has arisen ( s3 ( 6 ) ) , and in both domestic and international disputes appeals can not be [not included] in admiralty , commodity and insurance cases ( s4 ( 1 ) ) .

However , in all other international cases the procedures can be excluded at the time of making the original contract ( s3 ( 1 ) ) .
however , in all other international cases the procedures can be [not included] at the time of making the original contract ( s3 ( 1 ) ) .

Certain terms will be implied in a lease by operation of law , although many such terms may be excluded by agreement .
certain terms will be implied in a lease by operation of law , although many such terms may be [not included] by agreement .

In some cases a term implied by statute may not be excluded by agreement .
in some cases a term implied by statute may not be [not included] by agreement .

Where the demise includes the whole of a building ( or the top floor ) the draftsman may therefore wish to consider whether the airspace above the building should be excluded from the demise .
where the demise includes the whole of a building ( or the top floor ) the draftsman may therefore wish to consider whether the airspace above the building should be [not included] from the demise .

But if the airspace is excluded from the demise , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant obtains a right to enter the airspace for the purpose of performing his covenants .
but if the airspace is [not included] from the demise , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant obtains a right to enter the airspace for the purpose of performing his covenants .

These implied ancillary rights may be excluded by agreement ; but the tenant 's adviser should not agree to their exclusion unless the tenant has access to delimited loading bays and an express right to load and unload .
these implied ancillary rights may be [not included] by agreement ; but the tenant 's adviser should not agree to their exclusion unless the tenant has access to delimited loading bays and an express right to load and unload .

( 3 ) Third , and most important , understand which of the assets used by the vendor are required by the purchaser and which are to be excluded and retained by the vendor .
( 3 ) third , and most important , understand which of the assets used by the vendor are required by the purchaser and which are to be [not included] and retained by the vendor .

The issue is not dissimilar to the general question of identifying what assets are included in the sale and what are excluded .
the issue is not dissimilar to the general question of identifying what assets are included in the sale and what are [not included] .

If debtors and creditors are excluded the natural inclination of the vendor will be to pursue the debtors and delay paying the creditors for as long as possible .
if debtors and creditors are [not included] the natural inclination of the vendor will be to pursue the debtors and delay paying the creditors for as long as possible .

The common solution is for both creditors and debtors to be excluded from the sale and to remain with the vendor as this is to the clear advantage of the purchaser .
the common solution is for both creditors and debtors to be [not included] from the sale and to remain with the vendor as this is to the clear advantage of the purchaser .

The public would be excluded from most of the new site during the 10-14 years that the trees were growing .
the public would be [not included] from most of the new site during the 10-14 years that the trees were growing .

The franchise was variously extended , most notably to half the population previously excluded because of their sex .
the franchise was variously extended , most notably to half the population previously [not included] because of their sex .

Excluded from the Irish Free State were the northern six counties of Ireland , forming part of the traditional region of Ulster .
[not included] from the irish free state were the northern six counties of ireland , forming part of the traditional region of ulster .

The only people excluded from the franchise are peers ( they have their own House ) , imprisoned criminals , those of unsound mind , people convicted of certain election offences , and aliens .
the only people [not included] from the franchise are peers ( they have their own house ) , imprisoned criminals , those of unsound mind , people convicted of certain election offences , and aliens .

As used by men , garments form a communicative channel from which women are excluded ; but when used by women , garments function as communicative devices between the sexes .
as used by men , garments form a communicative channel from which women are [not included] ; but when used by women , garments function as communicative devices between the sexes .

Brownlow was felt by many in the group to be typical of government sponsored community economic development initiatives in that it was unrepresentative of local people in so far as local people felt excluded from the processes that were happening , even though substantial resources were being made available through the initiative .
brownlow was felt by many in the group to be typical of government sponsored community economic development initiatives in that it was unrepresentative of local people in so far as local people felt [not included] from the processes that were happening , even though substantial resources were being made available through the initiative .

Thus the remarkable situation developed in which the top-ranking male Kendo and his younger brother Fitz were completely excluded from the meat-eating scrum , and the number-two male Macho was barely tolerated and allowed only a few tiny morsels .
thus the remarkable situation developed in which the top-ranking male kendo and his younger brother fitz were completely [not included] from the meat-eating scrum , and the number-two male macho was barely tolerated and allowed only a few tiny morsels .

The national policy consensus excluded the trade unions ; the alliance of government agencies and certain companies was more activist than in Britain ; planning goals were pursued with a battery of penalty and incentive powers .
the national policy consensus [not included] the trade unions ; the alliance of government agencies and certain companies was more activist than in britain ; planning goals were pursued with a battery of penalty and incentive powers .

There were a few growls front Amery , who had also been excluded , but not much more .
there were a few growls front amery , who had also been [not included] , but not much more .

Under the heading ‘ Social changes ’ the chapter says , in brief , that the deferential society is dead ; and that ‘ the coming of age of democracy in our society is a process that inevitably affects the whole of people 's lives ; it can not be excluded from the workplace .
under the heading ‘ social changes ’ the chapter says , in brief , that the deferential society is dead ; and that ‘ the coming of age of democracy in our society is a process that inevitably affects the whole of people 's lives ; it can not be [not included] from the workplace .

Treaty relationships are consensual , and third parties must decide what claims they wish to make with respect to the relationship from which they are excluded .
treaty relationships are consensual , and third parties must decide what claims they wish to make with respect to the relationship from which they are [not included] .

In international law too , the strict rule was inconvenient and could cause hardship to third parties whose interests were adversely affected by treaties from which they were excluded .
in international law too , the strict rule was inconvenient and could cause hardship to third parties whose interests were adversely affected by treaties from which they were [not included] .

Problems that can not be solved by simple application of treaty principles are excluded .
problems that can not be solved by simple application of treaty principles are [not included] .

Shipping from the Soviet Union ( a third party to the Treaty of Versailles ) and Poland could not be excluded from the Canal as their navigational rights took priority over Germany 's customary law duties of neutrality .
shipping from the soviet union ( a third party to the treaty of versailles ) and poland could not be [not included] from the canal as their navigational rights took priority over germany 's customary law duties of neutrality .

These features excluded any intention of the parties to allow claims from the individual inhabitants .
these features [not included] any intention of the parties to allow claims from the individual inhabitants .

Her sisters-in-law excluded her from their gossip ; the servants behaved towards her with greater formality and at least once a day she was summoned to Dona Marguerita 's room to sit with her and listen to her talking about the family 's history and her hopes and ambitions for João .
her sisters-in-law [not included] her from their gossip ; the servants behaved towards her with greater formality and at least once a day she was summoned to dona marguerita 's room to sit with her and listen to her talking about the family 's history and her hopes and ambitions for joão .

All these nouns refer to objects of vision : the other senses are excluded .
all these nouns refer to objects of vision : the other senses are [not included] .

Votes are successively transferred from candidates who have a surplus of votes over and above the quota and from candidates excluded as having the smallest number of votes in the relevant count .
votes are successively transferred from candidates who have a surplus of votes over and above the quota and from candidates [not included] as having the smallest number of votes in the relevant count .

Votes are transferred to the candidate next in the voter 's order of preference who has neither been already elected or excluded , i.e .
votes are transferred to the candidate next in the voter 's order of preference who has neither been already elected or [not included] , i.e .

The simple answer is that surpluses , beginning with the largest , are transferred before votes from excluded candidates .
the simple answer is that surpluses , beginning with the largest , are transferred before votes from [not included] candidates .

West German electors recognize the propriety of indirect election justified by votes given to parties , and might well be surprised that political figures as eminent as Shirley Williams , Roy Jenkins and Enoch Powell could be excluded from the House of Commons simply by the say-so of voters in Cambridge , Glasgow Hillhead and Down South .
west german electors recognize the propriety of indirect election justified by votes given to parties , and might well be surprised that political figures as eminent as shirley williams , roy jenkins and enoch powell could be [not included] from the house of commons simply by the say-so of voters in cambridge , glasgow hillhead and down south .

Lansdowne and Law could only accede with as good a grace as they could muster ; the party was therefore committed to a full policy of imperial preference , but food taxes would be excluded unless approved by a second general election .
lansdowne and law could only accede with as good a grace as they could muster ; the party was therefore committed to a full policy of imperial preference , but food taxes would be [not included] unless approved by a second general election .

And despite his public utterances Law too was ready to take up a more pragmatic attitude when negotiating ; if Ulster could be excluded , he was quite prepared to abandon the rest of Ireland to Home Rule ; Carson shared Law 's view and was kept in touch with the negotiations throughout .
and despite his public utterances law too was ready to take up a more pragmatic attitude when negotiating ; if ulster could be [not included] , he was quite prepared to abandon the rest of ireland to home rule ; carson shared law 's view and was kept in touch with the negotiations throughout .

By 1914 the terms of a possible compromise were emerging , by which Unionists would accept Home Rule and Liberals would agree to exclude Ulster ; argument continued over the exact size of an excluded Ulster and the length of time involved in exclusion , but the logic of the negotiations pointed to this settlement in 1914 just as it was to do in 1921–22 .
by 1914 the terms of a possible compromise were emerging , by which unionists would accept home rule and liberals would agree to exclude ulster ; argument continued over the exact size of an [not included] ulster and the length of time involved in exclusion , but the logic of the negotiations pointed to this settlement in 1914 just as it was to do in 1921–22 .

Nor is this surprising when the actual cost of politics is remembered ; about $ 400 a year was needed to finance an effective local party , and this excluded registration or special campaigns .
nor is this surprising when the actual cost of politics is remembered ; about $ 400 a year was needed to finance an effective local party , and this [not included] registration or special campaigns .

It also excluded the cost of elections , for these were a financial problem for the candidate , not for the local association ; in a large county division an election could cost as much as £2,000 , and even an unopposed return in a borough would cost a few hundred pounds to the lucky winner .
it also [not included] the cost of elections , for these were a financial problem for the candidate , not for the local association ; in a large county division an election could cost as much as £2,000 , and even an unopposed return in a borough would cost a few hundred pounds to the lucky winner .

Of course , the use of a category such as `` the English people `` requires some sense not only of what that phrase encompasses , but of what is necessarily excluded from it .
of course , the use of a category such as `` the english people `` requires some sense not only of what that phrase encompasses , but of what is necessarily [not included] from it .

For example , women were not excluded from the discipline , particularly as students .
for example , women were not [not included] from the discipline , particularly as students .

Indeed , the achievement of a disciplinary identity based upon academic research had by the late 19305 more or less excluded the amateur scholar-gentleman .
indeed , the achievement of a disciplinary identity based upon academic research had by the late 19305 more or less [not included] the amateur scholar-gentleman .

We must not delude ourselves that when we paternalistically include certain Third World artists who hitherto have been excluded from our magazines , galleries and museums , we are correcting our culture .
we must not delude ourselves that when we paternalistically include certain third world artists who hitherto have been [not included] from our magazines , galleries and museums , we are correcting our culture .

Women working in the media in Poland are preparing to assert their right to full participation in their profession , as well as in their churches , where they are still excluded from the decision-making processes .
women working in the media in poland are preparing to assert their right to full participation in their profession , as well as in their churches , where they are still [not included] from the decision-making processes .

There are other defended sites like Rocester and Littlechester , but they have been excluded since they are in a zone which was under close military control during the greater part of the occupation .
there are other defended sites like rocester and littlechester , but they have been [not included] since they are in a zone which was under close military control during the greater part of the occupation .

Judicial review is seen as a basic right of all citizens which the legislature will be taken to have excluded only by the very clearest words .
judicial review is seen as a basic right of all citizens which the legislature will be taken to have [not included] only by the very clearest words .

In addition , it was generally felt by the European as opposed to American contingent at the Ribera conference in Naples in May , that ‘ The sense of smell ’ from Oslo was probably by Falcone ( although this is in the Prado show as by Ribera ) and the ‘ Portia ’ is by Luca Giordano ( excluded ) .
in addition , it was generally felt by the european as opposed to american contingent at the ribera conference in naples in may , that ‘ the sense of smell ’ from oslo was probably by falcone ( although this is in the prado show as by ribera ) and the ‘ portia ’ is by luca giordano ( [not included] ) .

Lybke 's workshop-gallery , opened in 1985 , soon became a refuge for artists in the former East Germany who were excluded from officially-approved art centres .
lybke 's workshop-gallery , opened in 1985 , soon became a refuge for artists in the former east germany who were [not included] from officially-approved art centres .

Almost always , these have a deleterious effect on the textile material , and they should be excluded .
almost always , these have a deleterious effect on the textile material , and they should be [not included] .

Provided that air is excluded , base-exchange methods can be employed .
provided that air is [not included] , base-exchange methods can be employed .

In this way , words in a definition that represent senses inappropriate to a domain will be unlikely to overlap with the filter set , and so be excluded from the new definition .
in this way , words in a definition that represent senses inappropriate to a domain will be unlikely to overlap with the filter set , and so be [not included] from the new definition .

The grant explicitly excluded the royal forest of Inglewood , but this was probably only to avoid setting a precedent for future sheriffs .
the grant explicitly [not included] the royal forest of inglewood , but this was probably only to avoid setting a precedent for future sheriffs .

Even innocent parties were excluded from court until 1887 .
even innocent parties were [not included] from court until 1887 .

The Co-operative movement was a form of mutual aid with a wider working-class appeal although it also largely excluded the poorest .
the co-operative movement was a form of mutual aid with a wider working-class appeal although it also largely [not included] the poorest .

This excluded virtually all manual workers and most women .
this [not included] virtually all manual workers and most women .

The Children Act established separate juvenile courts from which adults not concerned with the hearing were excluded .
the children act established separate juvenile courts from which adults not concerned with the hearing were [not included] .

Also excluded was anyone who received poor relief after 1 January 1908 , although , as a result of a Commons Amendment , this clause was to be reviewed after two years and was removed in 1911 .
also [not included] was anyone who received poor relief after 1 january 1908 , although , as a result of a commons amendment , this clause was to be reviewed after two years and was removed in 1911 .

However , please note that certain types of goods are excluded from the compensation & insurance cover , for details of these please see page 13 .
however , please note that certain types of goods are [not included] from the compensation & insurance cover , for details of these please see page 13 .

The following types of goods are excluded from compensation and insurance cover :
the following types of goods are [not included] from compensation and insurance cover :

In addition to the above , for overseas deliveries there may also be additional prohibited items , which would also be excluded from insurance cover .
in addition to the above , for overseas deliveries there may also be additional prohibited items , which would also be [not included] from insurance cover .

The hygienists considered only physical needs as legitimate — and even hunger , if expressed at an unsuitable time , was excluded .
the hygienists considered only physical needs as legitimate — and even hunger , if expressed at an unsuitable time , was [not included] .

Patients were excluded if there were limitations on aggressive life support therapy , as these patients were expected to die .
patients were [not included] if there were limitations on aggressive life support therapy , as these patients were expected to die .

Patients with cerebral metastases are also excluded because oedema and necrosis of a responding tumour deposit may lead to serious neurological complications , such as stroke .
patients with cerebral metastases are also [not included] because oedema and necrosis of a responding tumour deposit may lead to serious neurological complications , such as stroke .

There were no significant differences between the sexes in the incidence of the conditions listed as predictive for venous insufficiency ( pregnancy excluded ) , but significant differences between the sexes were found in four conditions predictive for arterial insufficiency ( all p < 0.001 ) .
there were no significant differences between the sexes in the incidence of the conditions listed as predictive for venous insufficiency ( pregnancy [not included] ) , but significant differences between the sexes were found in four conditions predictive for arterial insufficiency ( all p < 0.001 ) .

The category ‘ other appearance ’ , and the products ‘ desloughing agent ’ and ‘ nothing ’ were excluded from the comparative table ( 40 ) .
the category ‘ other appearance ’ , and the products ‘ desloughing agent ’ and ‘ nothing ’ were [not included] from the comparative table ( 40 ) .

Early in January 1868 , forces from Satsuma and Choshú0 and other Tokugawa opponents seized the palace in Kyoto , announcing an imperial restoration and the establishment of a new government from which the Tokugawa were excluded .
early in january 1868 , forces from satsuma and choshú0 and other tokugawa opponents seized the palace in kyoto , announcing an imperial restoration and the establishment of a new government from which the tokugawa were [not included] .

Similarly , a consensus within early scientific societies , that theological and political discussion should be excluded , must be interpreted with care .
similarly , a consensus within early scientific societies , that theological and political discussion should be [not included] , must be interpreted with care .

It was symptomatic that when the judges were excluded from membership of the area consultative committees in the formative stages by a ruling by Lane , that it was the Circuit or courts administrators from the Lord Chancellor 's Department who were identified as being best placed to act as chairmen , rather than Home Office officials who were unable to draw on any existing regional organization .
it was symptomatic that when the judges were [not included] from membership of the area consultative committees in the formative stages by a ruling by lane , that it was the circuit or courts administrators from the lord chancellor 's department who were identified as being best placed to act as chairmen , rather than home office officials who were unable to draw on any existing regional organization .

The first was that the large majority of intentional killings within the family , or other existing personal relationships , were excluded from the death penalty , leading Professor Glanville Williams to remark :
the first was that the large majority of intentional killings within the family , or other existing personal relationships , were [not included] from the death penalty , leading professor glanville williams to remark :

Stock would have been excluded from coppiced areas but the importance in the medieval scene of wood-pastures for stock-feed ca n't be over emphasised ; nearly every entry in Domesday quotes the area of woodland and the number of pigs it supports .
stock would have been [not included] from coppiced areas but the importance in the medieval scene of wood-pastures for stock-feed ca n't be over emphasised ; nearly every entry in domesday quotes the area of woodland and the number of pigs it supports .

Sometimes , new entrants can come from ‘ latecomer ’ countries that previously had been excluded from the industry .
sometimes , new entrants can come from ‘ latecomer ’ countries that previously had been [not included] from the industry .

Global competition has pushed out many of the weaker firms , has excluded most Europeans from profitable operations , and has transformed the part developing countries can play in its evolution .
global competition has pushed out many of the weaker firms , has [not included] most europeans from profitable operations , and has transformed the part developing countries can play in its evolution .

In principle , therefore , the World Bank 's demand that all imports ( except for some excluded on grounds of health or safety ) should be free of controls by June 1991 seemed a step in the right direction .
in principle , therefore , the world bank 's demand that all imports ( except for some [not included] on grounds of health or safety ) should be free of controls by june 1991 seemed a step in the right direction .

Privatisation moves may initially favour a strengthening of links with foreigners , but later give way to greater support for local firms when their objections to being excluded are heard .
privatisation moves may initially favour a strengthening of links with foreigners , but later give way to greater support for local firms when their objections to being [not included] are heard .

This can be illustrated from a wide variety of cases : the uses of literacy for social control in nineteenth century Canada , for instance , where any ‘ critical ’ element was carefully excluded ( Graff , 1979 ) ; the restriction of the content of written forms to religious tracts by the Methodist missionaries who introduced literacy to Fiji in the nineteenth century ( Clammer , 1976 ) ; the examples from British literacy campaigns that show how illiteracy developed in schools because of the class-based nature of schooling ( Mace , 1979 ) ; the uses of literacy for religious and symbolic purposes in Ghana ( Goody , 1968 ) ; the greater trust placed by thirteenth century knights in England on seals and symbols as means of legitimating charters and rights to land and their suspicion of the written document as more likely to be forged and inaccurate ( Clanchy , 1979 ) ; the development in Iranian villages of forms of literacy taught in Koranic schools into forms of literacy appropriate for commercial trading in a rapidly modernising and urbanising economy ( Section 2 ) .
this can be illustrated from a wide variety of cases : the uses of literacy for social control in nineteenth century canada , for instance , where any ‘ critical ’ element was carefully [not included] ( graff , 1979 ) ; the restriction of the content of written forms to religious tracts by the methodist missionaries who introduced literacy to fiji in the nineteenth century ( clammer , 1976 ) ; the examples from british literacy campaigns that show how illiteracy developed in schools because of the class-based nature of schooling ( mace , 1979 ) ; the uses of literacy for religious and symbolic purposes in ghana ( goody , 1968 ) ; the greater trust placed by thirteenth century knights in england on seals and symbols as means of legitimating charters and rights to land and their suspicion of the written document as more likely to be forged and inaccurate ( clanchy , 1979 ) ; the development in iranian villages of forms of literacy taught in koranic schools into forms of literacy appropriate for commercial trading in a rapidly modernising and urbanising economy ( section 2 ) .

Thucydides wanted to give a wholly reliable account of the wars between Athens and Sparta ; and this meant that unverified assumptions about the past had to be excluded .
thucydides wanted to give a wholly reliable account of the wars between athens and sparta ; and this meant that unverified assumptions about the past had to be [not included] .

Intent could be a factor in defining elder abuse . If it is a factor , does that mean that unintentional abuse should be excluded ? What if the intention is to protect the older person , say by locking them in a room ?
intent could be a factor in defining elder abuse . if it is a factor , does that mean that unintentional abuse should be [not included] ? what if the intention is to protect the older person , say by locking them in a room ?

Modern legislation had increasingly vested quasi-judicial powers in officials and excluded or indirectly diminished the authority of the courts .
modern legislation had increasingly vested quasi-judicial powers in officials and [not included] or indirectly diminished the authority of the courts .

Dicey had feared that if the use of administrative tribunals was extended and regularized , particularly if judicial review were excluded , Britain would rapidly develop an independent and formalized system of administrative law .
dicey had feared that if the use of administrative tribunals was extended and regularized , particularly if judicial review were [not included] , britain would rapidly develop an independent and formalized system of administrative law .

Certain premises are excluded from the Act , e.g .
certain premises are [not included] from the act , e.g .

Hence , a small family guest house or tea rooms may be excluded from the Act 's operation .
hence , a small family guest house or tea rooms may be [not included] from the act 's operation .

Participants with incomplete data were excluded from the analyses including the missing variables .
participants with incomplete data were [not included] from the analyses including the missing variables .

Papers that did not include a control group , were not randomised , did not allow calculation of ‘ intention to treat ’ results , or did not collect information on mortality or the incidence of respiratory or gastrointestinal infection were excluded .
papers that did not include a control group , were not randomised , did not allow calculation of ‘ intention to treat ’ results , or did not collect information on mortality or the incidence of respiratory or gastrointestinal infection were [not included] .

Eight of the 20 controlled studies were excluded : four were not randomised , three did not provide intention to treat data , and one did not provide sufficient outcome data .
eight of the 20 controlled studies were [not included] : four were not randomised , three did not provide intention to treat data , and one did not provide sufficient outcome data .

Figure 2 shows the excluded studies in which some deaths occurred .
figure 2 shows the [not included] studies in which some deaths occurred .

Patients with ischaemic heart disease , epilepsy or non-hypoglycaemia related seizure disorder , uncontrolled hypertension , or unstable proliferative retinopathy , and those taking drugs that might interfere with autonomic or cognitive function or their ability to complete the study were excluded .
patients with ischaemic heart disease , epilepsy or non-hypoglycaemia related seizure disorder , uncontrolled hypertension , or unstable proliferative retinopathy , and those taking drugs that might interfere with autonomic or cognitive function or their ability to complete the study were [not included] .

Infants with haemolytic disease or with major congenital malformations were excluded from analysis .
infants with haemolytic disease or with major congenital malformations were [not included] from analysis .

As four subjects were excluded from the study after six months of active treatment ( see results ) , we used two methods of analysis .
as four subjects were [not included] from the study after six months of active treatment ( see results ) , we used two methods of analysis .

British born Asian women were excluded , there being too few to analyse separately .
british born asian women were [not included] , there being too few to analyse separately .

The remaining students were excluded from the analysis .
the remaining students were [not included] from the analysis .

These practices have been excluded from the analysis , which is therefore based on referrals from 22 practices with a combined list of 144 614 registered patients .
these practices have been [not included] from the analysis , which is therefore based on referrals from 22 practices with a combined list of 144 614 registered patients .

Nevertheless , there remains a high risk of fetal damage in offspring of women with the disease , and the possibility that the diets themselves may be harmful can not be excluded .
nevertheless , there remains a high risk of fetal damage in offspring of women with the disease , and the possibility that the diets themselves may be harmful can not be [not included] .

There may be no alternative to working in a small firm for those excluded or transferred from regular employment status in large companies and their primary subcontractors .
there may be no alternative to working in a small firm for those [not included] or transferred from regular employment status in large companies and their primary subcontractors .

If he had been a little more aware , he would have realised that licensed dealers were largely excluded from the square mile , both physically and psychologically .
if he had been a little more aware , he would have realised that licensed dealers were largely [not included] from the square mile , both physically and psychologically .

Standing in a row down the left hand side of the table were Gerard , Mrs James , Jane and Sarah , the maids , only the two skivvies had been excluded .
standing in a row down the left hand side of the table were gerard , mrs james , jane and sarah , the maids , only the two skivvies had been [not included] .

They used this strong position to reduce the Catholic and generally Irish nationalist minority of the population to the level of second-class citizens , discriminated against in public housing and employment , and excluded from positions of power and authority .
they used this strong position to reduce the catholic and generally irish nationalist minority of the population to the level of second-class citizens , discriminated against in public housing and employment , and [not included] from positions of power and authority .

Three major groups in Athenian society were excluded from it .
three major groups in athenian society were [not included] from it .

First of all it excluded without question and as a matter of course half the adult population — women .
first of all it [not included] without question and as a matter of course half the adult population — women .

Secondly , the citizen body excluded foreigners who lived and worked in Athens , the metics .
secondly , the citizen body [not included] foreigners who lived and worked in athens , the metics .

Thirdly , it excluded slaves .
thirdly , it [not included] slaves .

Meanwhile " the multitude " or " the mob " — this latter term came into common use at this period — were explicitly excluded from orthodox definitions of " the people " . Locke 's friend , James Tyrrell , spelt this out :
meanwhile " the multitude " or " the mob " — this latter term came into common use at this period — were explicitly [not included] from orthodox definitions of " the people " . locke 's friend , james tyrrell , spelt this out :

But while the poor , the mob , the dregs were to be firmly excluded from political life , the developing study of political economy recognized that these same ignorant and brutal multitudes played an indispensable economic role .
but while the poor , the mob , the dregs were to be firmly [not included] from political life , the developing study of political economy recognized that these same ignorant and brutal multitudes played an indispensable economic role .

Thus , rightly or wrongly , women are everywhere excluded from mandates of this kind .
thus , rightly or wrongly , women are everywhere [not included] from mandates of this kind .

The idea of `` the people `` has often had class connotations , which meant that aristocrats or bourgeois were excluded from the definition of `` the people `` , as was the case with Sieyes .
the idea of `` the people `` has often had class connotations , which meant that aristocrats or bourgeois were [not included] from the definition of `` the people `` , as was the case with sieyes .

At one time such excluded or impotent minorities tended to be religious .
at one time such [not included] or impotent minorities tended to be religious .

Despite this the result has been a travesty of democracy in that the permanent minority of Catholics and Irish nationalists have been excluded from the Protestant Unionist conception of `` the people `` , called in this case `` the people of Ulster `` .
despite this the result has been a travesty of democracy in that the permanent minority of catholics and irish nationalists have been [not included] from the protestant unionist conception of `` the people `` , called in this case `` the people of ulster `` .

Nevertheless , without the sense of a common interest , it is clear that democracy itself is at risk , whether from a privileged minority determined to obstruct policies aimed at helping the poor majority , or , as in Northern Ireland , from the forcible incorporation into the state of a minority who do not accept the legitimacy of that state and who are then systematically excluded from power and influence .
nevertheless , without the sense of a common interest , it is clear that democracy itself is at risk , whether from a privileged minority determined to obstruct policies aimed at helping the poor majority , or , as in northern ireland , from the forcible incorporation into the state of a minority who do not accept the legitimacy of that state and who are then systematically [not included] from power and influence .

It is also necessary that no significant minorities feel themselves to be permanently excluded from power or influence ; that groups and individuals sense that they are roughly equal in their ability to influence the outcome of communal policy-making ; and that those outcomes embody what people recognize to be the general interests of society rather than merely a combination or balance of the interests of various particular and organized groups or specific interests .
it is also necessary that no significant minorities feel themselves to be permanently [not included] from power or influence ; that groups and individuals sense that they are roughly equal in their ability to influence the outcome of communal policy-making ; and that those outcomes embody what people recognize to be the general interests of society rather than merely a combination or balance of the interests of various particular and organized groups or specific interests .

It is largely because of the work of the Popular Church that campesina women have not been excluded from rural trade unions but encouraged to participate . Although they usually work as collaborators , helping with the meals for example , some women have become important leaders :
it is largely because of the work of the popular church that campesina women have not been [not included] from rural trade unions but encouraged to participate . although they usually work as collaborators , helping with the meals for example , some women have become important leaders :

Earlier trials of questions similar to those below suggested that Imperial units would be frequently given if not specifically excluded in the rubric .
earlier trials of questions similar to those below suggested that imperial units would be frequently given if not specifically [not included] in the rubric .

The presence of oxygen , not usually cited as the cause of a fire , is put forward as having caused a fire in a laboratory or a space satellite for the reason that oxygen is usually and by intention excluded from some apparatus or chamber .
the presence of oxygen , not usually cited as the cause of a fire , is put forward as having caused a fire in a laboratory or a space satellite for the reason that oxygen is usually and by intention [not included] from some apparatus or chamber .

We rarely if ever have in mind a circumstance described as a single event or whatever , but the possibility is not to be excluded by our definition .
we rarely if ever have in mind a circumstance described as a single event or whatever , but the possibility is not to be [not included] by our definition .

While it is true that we have until now been concerned with consciousness , and used the term `` mental events `` in the ordinary way so as not to include all that may be included in the mental , the rest of the subject-matter of that domain is not thereby excluded from our coming reflections .
while it is true that we have until now been concerned with consciousness , and used the term `` mental events `` in the ordinary way so as not to include all that may be included in the mental , the rest of the subject-matter of that domain is not thereby [not included] from our coming reflections .

Given the conception we have , are mental events as we have conceived them excluded from being physical ?
given the conception we have , are mental events as we have conceived them [not included] from being physical ?

( b ) The material does not comprise matters subject to legal privilege , excluded material or special procedure material .
( b ) the material does not comprise matters subject to legal privilege , [not included] material or special procedure material .

Excluded material .
[not included] material .

Consists of other types of confidential material which does not fall within the definition of excluded material in section 11 .
consists of other types of confidential material which does not fall within the definition of [not included] material in section 11 .

Unlawfully obtained evidence is not automatically excluded from a criminal trial .
unlawfully obtained evidence is not automatically [not included] from a criminal trial .

In what circumstances has natural justice been excluded ?
in what circumstances has natural justice been [not included] ?

It should be noted that chromosomally abnormal eggs frequently lag in development as compared with their normal counterparts ( 6 ) and if they become amitotic , it is possible they may either be misrepresented or excluded from a scored sample .
it should be noted that chromosomally abnormal eggs frequently lag in development as compared with their normal counterparts ( 6 ) and if they become amitotic , it is possible they may either be misrepresented or [not included] from a scored sample .

Because she is chiefly concerned with the London trade , from which women compositors were quickly excluded , Hunt does not consider the possible division of labour within traditional manual typesetting that their introduction brought in Scotland ; nor is the subject much discussed by Cynthia Cockburn who is more concerned with the trade after mechanization .
because she is chiefly concerned with the london trade , from which women compositors were quickly [not included] , hunt does not consider the possible division of labour within traditional manual typesetting that their introduction brought in scotland ; nor is the subject much discussed by cynthia cockburn who is more concerned with the trade after mechanization .

Margaret Irwin cited it as another process from which women were excluded for what seemed to her good reason : `` It requires both muscular strength and a certain `` knack `` .
margaret irwin cited it as another process from which women were [not included] for what seemed to her good reason : `` it requires both muscular strength and a certain `` knack `` .

Some women were proof-readers , but otherwise , being excluded from machine typesetting , they were left with odd jobs to do round the office .
some women were proof-readers , but otherwise , being [not included] from machine typesetting , they were left with odd jobs to do round the office .

She followed them ; felt herself already excluded not wanted .
she followed them ; felt herself already [not included] not wanted .

( 1 ) The Project Coordinating Team receives recommendations for specific schools to be included in or excluded from the project for the coming year .
( 1 ) the project coordinating team receives recommendations for specific schools to be included in or [not included] from the project for the coming year .

Where a limited amount of money is available for allocation amongst competing demands , attention is bound to be focused on the procedures by which recipients are selected and others excluded .
where a limited amount of money is available for allocation amongst competing demands , attention is bound to be focused on the procedures by which recipients are selected and others [not included] .

The manufacturers found themselves ‘ excluded alike from the County Commission of the Peace and the Municipal Corporation ’ , and from ‘ this essentially ‘ caste ’ struggle between the Tory squires and the radical manufacturers ’ ( Webb and Webb 1963:93 ) there emerged not only the widening of the parliamentary franchise but also the pressure for change in the urban areas .
the manufacturers found themselves ‘ [not included] alike from the county commission of the peace and the municipal corporation ’ , and from ‘ this essentially ‘ caste ’ struggle between the tory squires and the radical manufacturers ’ ( webb and webb 1963:93 ) there emerged not only the widening of the parliamentary franchise but also the pressure for change in the urban areas .

first , some peripheral areas were excluded from the new Greater London area ( see Map 2 .
first , some peripheral areas were [not included] from the new greater london area ( see map 2 .

Such arrangements are specifically excluded from education and the social services .
such arrangements are specifically [not included] from education and the social services .

First , what items should be included — or excluded ; second , what comparative measure of expenditure should be used .
first , what items should be included — or [not included] ; second , what comparative measure of expenditure should be used .

At common law married women were excluded from the vote along with many other privileges that were open to men .
at common law married women were [not included] from the vote along with many other privileges that were open to men .

The Municipal Corporations Act 1835 specifically excluded all women from the local borough franchise , but single women continued to enjoy the vote and even the right to be elected in many parishes and important local bodies , such as the Poor Law Guardians , associated with them ( Hollis 1987 ) .
the municipal corporations act 1835 specifically [not included] all women from the local borough franchise , but single women continued to enjoy the vote and even the right to be elected in many parishes and important local bodies , such as the poor law guardians , associated with them ( hollis 1987 ) .

Nobody feels excluded .
nobody feels [not included] .

Women are systematically excluded from top managerial and professional jobs , as well as from skilled manual labour .
women are systematically [not included] from top managerial and professional jobs , as well as from skilled manual labour .

At the Tehran conference in December 1943 , from which Chiang was excluded , Stalin confirmed that Russia would participate in the war against Japan three months after the European War had been won .
at the tehran conference in december 1943 , from which chiang was [not included] , stalin confirmed that russia would participate in the war against japan three months after the european war had been won .

In practice , no group can be excluded from the process .
in practice , no group can be [not included] from the process .

But the primacy given to it depends on the belief that other explanations ( including smallpox ) have been excluded .
but the primacy given to it depends on the belief that other explanations ( including smallpox ) have been [not included] .

Much play was made of the fact that , since he had been present at the murder of John , duke of Burgundy , at Montereau he could not properly and worthily inherit the throne , from which he was now excluded .
much play was made of the fact that , since he had been present at the murder of john , duke of burgundy , at montereau he could not properly and worthily inherit the throne , from which he was now [not included] .

In 1439 a further attempt was made to secure a diplomatic settlement when the French , the English , and the Burgundians ( but not the representatives of the Church , excluded by the English for their alleged partiality at Arras ) met near Calais in the summer of that year .
in 1439 a further attempt was made to secure a diplomatic settlement when the french , the english , and the burgundians ( but not the representatives of the church , [not included] by the english for their alleged partiality at arras ) met near calais in the summer of that year .

But some depend on a specific view of science , notably that there are objective and timeless laws at work and that normative considerations are to be excluded .
but some depend on a specific view of science , notably that there are objective and timeless laws at work and that normative considerations are to be [not included] .

Revision even of the logical law of the excluded middle has been proposed as a means of simplifying quantum mechanics ; and what difference is there in principle between such a shift and the shift whereby Kepler superseded Ptolemy , or Einstein Newton , or Darwin Aristotle ?
revision even of the logical law of the [not included] middle has been proposed as a means of simplifying quantum mechanics ; and what difference is there in principle between such a shift and the shift whereby kepler superseded ptolemy , or einstein newton , or darwin aristotle ?

Or that there are Gospels other than those in the New Testament , which were more or less arbitrarily excluded from the canon by councils composed of eminently mortal , eminently fallible men .
or that there are gospels other than those in the new testament , which were more or less arbitrarily [not included] from the canon by councils composed of eminently mortal , eminently fallible men .

Christ is set aside , Christ is excluded and now Christ is formally denied .
christ is set aside , christ is [not included] and now christ is formally denied .

Four agencies employed in the first survey were excluded for various reasons .
four agencies employed in the first survey were [not included] for various reasons .

Second , the Regional Alcohol and Drug Dependency Unit and the Psychiatric Ward of a local hospital were excluded largely because of the small and decreasing numbers of Wirral drug users approaching these agencies since the opening of the Detoxification Unit at Wirral 's main hospital .
second , the regional alcohol and drug dependency unit and the psychiatric ward of a local hospital were [not included] largely because of the small and decreasing numbers of wirral drug users approaching these agencies since the opening of the detoxification unit at wirral 's main hospital .

The ‘ pressure ’ in these cases was both internal , with individuals feeling the need to conform to what had become the ‘ norm ’ in their social group , and also external , with individuals being urged to conform and , given the nature of heroin use , subsequently excluded from the group if they did not .
the ‘ pressure ’ in these cases was both internal , with individuals feeling the need to conform to what had become the ‘ norm ’ in their social group , and also external , with individuals being urged to conform and , given the nature of heroin use , subsequently [not included] from the group if they did not .

However , as the sample was selected from those who had sought treatment or counselling for their daily habit , such users are necessarily excluded from this study .
however , as the sample was selected from those who had sought treatment or counselling for their daily habit , such users are necessarily [not included] from this study .

Four of these were members of the networks under observation , but lived in neighbouring townships and so were excluded from the quantitative analysis which concerned itself with the known-unknown ratio in specific townships .
four of these were members of the networks under observation , but lived in neighbouring townships and so were [not included] from the quantitative analysis which concerned itself with the known-unknown ratio in specific townships .

This immediately excludes from the scope of the Protocol the whole area of taking evidence and obtaining information abroad ; this area could be excluded by Reservation from the scope of the Convention , and is also the object of a distinct Inter-American Convention .
this immediately excludes from the scope of the protocol the whole area of taking evidence and obtaining information abroad ; this area could be [not included] by reservation from the scope of the convention , and is also the object of a distinct inter-american convention .

In order to minimise doubts as to its scope , Article 1 ( 3 ) makes it clear that certain matters which are either dealt with in other Conventions , or which might involve the exercise of the Court 's discretion , such as the service of process , the enforcement of judgments and orders , and orders for provisional or protective measures , are excluded .
in order to minimise doubts as to its scope , article 1 ( 3 ) makes it clear that certain matters which are either dealt with in other conventions , or which might involve the exercise of the court 's discretion , such as the service of process , the enforcement of judgments and orders , and orders for provisional or protective measures , are [not included] .

Support from relatives may also be received but it is difficult to quantify this source of income and it is excluded from the analysis which follows .
support from relatives may also be received but it is difficult to quantify this source of income and it is [not included] from the analysis which follows .

Changing the definition of disability so that the severity class 1 was excluded would reduce the number of disabled people in the population from 6,202,000 to 5,004,000 ( a reduction of 1,198,000 ) !
changing the definition of disability so that the severity class 1 was [not included] would reduce the number of disabled people in the population from 6,202,000 to 5,004,000 ( a reduction of 1,198,000 ) !

However , at a clinical level such factors need to be excluded when examining a patient suspected of having dementia .
however , at a clinical level such factors need to be [not included] when examining a patient suspected of having dementia .

In addition , failure by respondents to complete all the items , known as item non-response , may also influence the result as those who do not complete the scale are excluded from the denominator .
in addition , failure by respondents to complete all the items , known as item non-response , may also influence the result as those who do not complete the scale are [not included] from the denominator .

For much of this unhappy early chapter in Diana 's royal life , she had excluded those who had been near and dear to her , although Prince Charles still saw his former friends , particularly the Parker-Bowles and the Palmer-Tomkinsons .
for much of this unhappy early chapter in diana 's royal life , she had [not included] those who had been near and dear to her , although prince charles still saw his former friends , particularly the parker-bowles and the palmer-tomkinsons .

An ‘ investment business ’ is the business of engaging in one or more of the activities constituting investment business which are not excluded activities .
an ‘ investment business ’ is the business of engaging in one or more of the activities constituting investment business which are not [not included] activities .

What Activities are Excluded ?
what activities are [not included] ?

These children were excluded from the study , leaving 101 members of 47 families for study .
these children were [not included] from the study , leaving 101 members of 47 families for study .

The seven diabetic subjects receiving insulin were excluded from the correlation analyses with these variables .
the seven diabetic subjects receiving insulin were [not included] from the correlation analyses with these variables .

These findings were unchanged when the non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects were excluded from the analyses .
these findings were unchanged when the non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects were [not included] from the analyses .

No information was available on placental size or other indicators of in utero nutrition , and subnormal prenatal nutrition of those who subsequently became diabetic can not be excluded .
no information was available on placental size or other indicators of in utero nutrition , and subnormal prenatal nutrition of those who subsequently became diabetic can not be [not included] .

This led to a fourth type of work which discussed the nature and limits of philosophy itself and whether there was any place for women in it , and considered whether the basic assumptions of philosophy included or excluded women .
this led to a fourth type of work which discussed the nature and limits of philosophy itself and whether there was any place for women in it , and considered whether the basic assumptions of philosophy included or [not included] women .

The great Social-Contract theorists of the Enlightenment therefore explicitly excluded women from their systems .
the great social-contract theorists of the enlightenment therefore explicitly [not included] women from their systems .

Those paying income tax were excluded on the grounds that their income was already adjusted to family size .
those paying income tax were [not included] on the grounds that their income was already adjusted to family size .

There is a danger of closed-belief systems emerging in the social sciences , but this can apply to the way in which a thinker is excluded from debates about human society as well as to the strict adherence to one thinker , or type of thinker , alone , as a safe source of authority .
there is a danger of closed-belief systems emerging in the social sciences , but this can apply to the way in which a thinker is [not included] from debates about human society as well as to the strict adherence to one thinker , or type of thinker , alone , as a safe source of authority .

Freud has sometimes been excluded in this way from sociology , but , as has been shown above , the sociologist can not simply accept a conclusion from psychology and dismiss Freud for this reason .
freud has sometimes been [not included] in this way from sociology , but , as has been shown above , the sociologist can not simply accept a conclusion from psychology and dismiss freud for this reason .

If a noble was excluded from favour at court , his dependants might look elsewhere for a patron , and the noble 's following would thus be weakened .
if a noble was [not included] from favour at court , his dependants might look elsewhere for a patron , and the noble 's following would thus be weakened .

He made a sentimental journey — it was a conjugation of the personal and the political — amidst the supposedly silent majority , the people excluded from politics who appeared as vagrants on the doorstep of democracy .
he made a sentimental journey — it was a conjugation of the personal and the political — amidst the supposedly silent majority , the people [not included] from politics who appeared as vagrants on the doorstep of democracy .

You can accept payments from passengers in your car if you are giving them * a lift for social or other similar purposes . These payments will not be regarded as payments for hire or reward ( normally excluded under the policy ) , if :
you can accept payments from passengers in your car if you are giving them * a lift for social or other similar purposes . these payments will not be regarded as payments for hire or reward ( normally [not included] under the policy ) , if :

You can accept payments from passengers in your car if you are giving them a lift for social or other similar purposes . These payments will not be regarded as payments for hire or reward ( normally excluded under the policy ) , if :
you can accept payments from passengers in your car if you are giving them a lift for social or other similar purposes . these payments will not be regarded as payments for hire or reward ( normally [not included] under the policy ) , if :

You can accept payments from passengers in your car if you are giving them a lift for social or other similar purposes . These payments will not be regarded as payments for hire or reward ( normally excluded under the policy ) , if :
you can accept payments from passengers in your car if you are giving them a lift for social or other similar purposes . these payments will not be regarded as payments for hire or reward ( normally [not included] under the policy ) , if :

You can accept payments from passengers in your car if you are giving them a lift for social or other similar purposes . These payments will not be regarded as payments for hire or reward ( normally excluded under the policy ) , if :
you can accept payments from passengers in your car if you are giving them a lift for social or other similar purposes . these payments will not be regarded as payments for hire or reward ( normally [not included] under the policy ) , if :

Three wells were drilled in the area in the 1980 's — all of which made small gas discoveries — although two are excluded from this award .
three wells were drilled in the area in the 1980 's — all of which made small gas discoveries — although two are [not included] from this award .

Any damage caused to service pipes or cables whilst clearing or attempting to clear a blockage is excluded .
any damage caused to service pipes or cables whilst clearing or attempting to clear a blockage is [not included] .

Certain contents are excluded and reference should be made to the appropriate policy .
certain contents are [not included] and reference should be made to the appropriate policy .

Money held for business purposes is specifically excluded under all policies .
money held for business purposes is specifically [not included] under all policies .

Where the Policyholder runs a guest house or bed and breakfast establishment from his home , any loss of money relating to the business would be excluded .
where the policyholder runs a guest house or bed and breakfast establishment from his home , any loss of money relating to the business would be [not included] .

Boats , sail boards and wind surfers are specifically excluded under all Home policies .
boats , sail boards and wind surfers are specifically [not included] under all home policies .

It should also be noted that guns and firearms , parachutes , camping equipment and sub-aqua equipment are also excluded from this section .
it should also be noted that guns and firearms , parachutes , camping equipment and sub-aqua equipment are also [not included] from this section .

Under 2* and 3* policies , guns and firearms are covered for standard perils but excluded under Wider Cover for Sports Equipment .
under 2* and 3* policies , guns and firearms are covered for standard perils but [not included] under wider cover for sports equipment .

Under the liability section of all policies , liability arising from the ownership , possession or use of firearms is excluded but this does not apply to shotguns or airguns which may be legally owned without possession of a firearms certificate .
under the liability section of all policies , liability arising from the ownership , possession or use of firearms is [not included] but this does not apply to shotguns or airguns which may be legally owned without possession of a firearms certificate .

Similarly , carpets , curtains and other such household contents would also be excluded whilst undergoing a cleaning process .
similarly , carpets , curtains and other such household contents would also be [not included] whilst undergoing a cleaning process .

The term sudden and unforeseen damage is self explanatory and covers damage from breakdown and any other cause not excluded .
the term sudden and unforeseen damage is self explanatory and covers damage from breakdown and any other cause not [not included] .

Damage to Goods being Lifted As these goods are in the custody of the Insured they are therefore also excluded by the operative clause of this endorsement .
damage to goods being lifted as these goods are in the custody of the insured they are therefore also [not included] by the operative clause of this endorsement .

Damage to goods being lifted is excluded as separate insurance can be arranged .
damage to goods being lifted is [not included] as separate insurance can be arranged .

Theft is excluded but this policy would cover damage caused by attempted theft .
theft is [not included] but this policy would cover damage caused by attempted theft .

Electrical and/or mechanical ancillary equipment serving boiler and pressure plant is excluded , unless specifically described in the plant schedule i.e. oil burner unit would not be covered unless the description was ‘ heating boiler and associated oil burner unit ’ .
electrical and/or mechanical ancillary equipment serving boiler and pressure plant is [not included] , unless specifically described in the plant schedule i.e. oil burner unit would not be covered unless the description was ‘ heating boiler and associated oil burner unit ’ .

Such maintenance work has nothing to do with breakdown as defined ( see Policy Commentary ) and the cost of supplying and fitting such parts should be excluded .
such maintenance work has nothing to do with breakdown as defined ( see policy commentary ) and the cost of supplying and fitting such parts should be [not included] .

Loss of money and jewellery from a suitcase while in transit by air and therefore outside the Insured 's control is excluded .
loss of money and jewellery from a suitcase while in transit by air and therefore outside the insured 's control is [not included] .

Loss of valuables or money from an unattended vehicle is excluded unless it is from a locked boot .
loss of valuables or money from an unattended vehicle is [not included] unless it is from a locked boot .

para-gliding would be excluded due to the ‘ other aerial activities ’ exception .
para-gliding would be [not included] due to the ‘ other aerial activities ’ exception .

Riding a motorbike of over 100cc would be excluded .
riding a motorbike of over 100cc would be [not included] .

Item 5 is a weekly benefit , of which the first 14 days of any period of incapacity is excluded and benefit is payable for 104 weeks from the 15th day of incapacity .
item 5 is a weekly benefit , of which the first 14 days of any period of incapacity is [not included] and benefit is payable for 104 weeks from the 15th day of incapacity .

The first 14 days of any period of disablement is excluded and benefit is payable for up to 104 weeks from the 15th day of disablement .
the first 14 days of any period of disablement is [not included] and benefit is payable for up to 104 weeks from the 15th day of disablement .

Curiously pursuers ' agents to date have tended to follow the specific wording of the rule , namely disclosing ‘ the substance of the evidence ’ by which they have simply produced the factual statement by the Expert and excluded his opinion or conclusion .
curiously pursuers ' agents to date have tended to follow the specific wording of the rule , namely disclosing ‘ the substance of the evidence ’ by which they have simply produced the factual statement by the expert and [not included] his opinion or conclusion .

However please note that although machinery damage will be excluded by Section 4 any damage to the actual hull of the vessel itself will be covered .
however please note that although machinery damage will be [not included] by section 4 any damage to the actual hull of the vessel itself will be covered .

Any farm outbuildings or their contents or any liability for domestic employees engaged for farm work are excluded .
any farm outbuildings or their contents or any liability for domestic employees engaged for farm work are [not included] .

One of the excluded categories related to members who suffered from diseases or disabilities .
one of the [not included] categories related to members who suffered from diseases or disabilities .

You should ask the landlord for a copy of his evidence that the lease has been excluded from the 1954 Act and/or perhaps consult your solicitor .
you should ask the landlord for a copy of his evidence that the lease has been [not included] from the 1954 act and/or perhaps consult your solicitor .

After a review both the trade and Customs accept that the current legal framework continues to provide a broadly satisfactory distinction between categories that are and are n't excluded from zero-rating for food , Customs said — even though originally there was concern over confusion about the correct interpretation of food products ‘ obtained by the swelling of cereals ’ .
after a review both the trade and customs accept that the current legal framework continues to provide a broadly satisfactory distinction between categories that are and are n't [not included] from zero-rating for food , customs said — even though originally there was concern over confusion about the correct interpretation of food products ‘ obtained by the swelling of cereals ’ .

In calculating Council Tax rebate however , the water charge is excluded .
in calculating council tax rebate however , the water charge is [not included] .

It should be noted that the effective land supply at Audit 10 excluded the potential from further development in the longer term in accordance with Livingston Development Corporation 's private sector programme .
it should be noted that the effective land supply at audit 10 [not included] the potential from further development in the longer term in accordance with livingston development corporation 's private sector programme .

If you are sick and are in one of the excluded groups , you will be advised so that you can claim State Sickness Benefit instead .
if you are sick and are in one of the [not included] groups , you will be advised so that you can claim state sickness benefit instead .

However Transitional Reduction is calculated on a Scheme Council Tax in accordance with the Government Regulations and not in accordance with the actual Council Tax levied by the Region and District Councils , in addition water charges are excluded from both years .
however transitional reduction is calculated on a scheme council tax in accordance with the government regulations and not in accordance with the actual council tax levied by the region and district councils , in addition water charges are [not included] from both years .

Members will be excluded for non-payment , and the Council is likely to introduce a readmission fee at its next meeting .
members will be [not included] for non-payment , and the council is likely to introduce a readmission fee at its next meeting .

Some accounts of Heracles ' exploits stress his misogyny , applying the epithet misogynos to him ; and it is notable that women were excluded from his shrines .
some accounts of heracles ' exploits stress his misogyny , applying the epithet misogynos to him ; and it is notable that women were [not included] from his shrines .

Groups may be included or excluded from participation in the system .
groups may be included or [not included] from participation in the system .

One of the most important historic tasks of transnational capitalism has been to include various previously excluded groups within its realm of influence .
one of the most important historic tasks of transnational capitalism has been to include various previously [not included] groups within its realm of influence .

Patients were excluded if they had taken ulcer healing agents , antibiotics , or cytotoxic drugs within one week of endoscopy .
patients were [not included] if they had taken ulcer healing agents , antibiotics , or cytotoxic drugs within one week of endoscopy .

Where a malignant cause for the stricture was suspected , this was excluded by endoscopic biopsies and cytological examination .
where a malignant cause for the stricture was suspected , this was [not included] by endoscopic biopsies and cytological examination .

Five of 52 patients with corrosive strictures were lost to follow up before adequate initial dilatation could be done and have therefore been excluded from the analysis .
five of 52 patients with corrosive strictures were lost to follow up before adequate initial dilatation could be done and have therefore been [not included] from the analysis .

In an adult population it can not be excluded on the grounds of age alone .
in an adult population it can not be [not included] on the grounds of age alone .

As NSAIDs may cause bleeding , however , throughout the gastrointestinal tract , unless the ulcer has stigmata of bleeding , the possibility of lesions elsewhere can not be excluded .
as nsaids may cause bleeding , however , throughout the gastrointestinal tract , unless the ulcer has stigmata of bleeding , the possibility of lesions elsewhere can not be [not included] .

The grant explicitly excluded the royal forest of Inglewood , but this was probably only to avoid setting a precedent for future sheriffs .
the grant explicitly [not included] the royal forest of inglewood , but this was probably only to avoid setting a precedent for future sheriffs .

Biopsy samples were also taken from a control group of 15 patients with irritable bowel syndrome or haemorrhoids and in whom inflammatory bowel disease had been excluded .
biopsy samples were also taken from a control group of 15 patients with irritable bowel syndrome or haemorrhoids and in whom inflammatory bowel disease had been [not included] .

One of the patients originally participating in the study had to be excluded as she proved to have suffered from acute Campylobacter jejuni colitis .
one of the patients originally participating in the study had to be [not included] as she proved to have suffered from acute campylobacter jejuni colitis .

This patient was , however , excluded from the study since her symptoms were explained by infection with Campylobacter jejuni .
this patient was , however , [not included] from the study since her symptoms were explained by infection with campylobacter jejuni .

Patients with combined duodenal and prepyloric ulcer were excluded .
patients with combined duodenal and prepyloric ulcer were [not included] .

Patients were excluded from the study if they were already taking steroids , had evidence of intestinal perforation , significant intestinal obstruction , toxic megacolon , massive gastrointestinal haemorrhage , or mid-jejunal fistulas that precluded the use of enteral nutrition .
patients were [not included] from the study if they were already taking steroids , had evidence of intestinal perforation , significant intestinal obstruction , toxic megacolon , massive gastrointestinal haemorrhage , or mid-jejunal fistulas that precluded the use of enteral nutrition .

Patients who denied any symptoms , or who gave a history of a single episode of self-limiting dyspeptic symptoms were also excluded from gastrscopic examination , but all other patients were offered gastroscopy as outpatients .
patients who denied any symptoms , or who gave a history of a single episode of self-limiting dyspeptic symptoms were also [not included] from gastrscopic examination , but all other patients were offered gastroscopy as outpatients .

Patients were excluded if they had evidence of intestinal obstruction , previous gastric surgery , a contraindication to steroid treatment , or had been receiving more than 7.5 mg prednisolone/ day at the time of relapse .
patients were [not included] if they had evidence of intestinal obstruction , previous gastric surgery , a contraindication to steroid treatment , or had been receiving more than 7.5 mg prednisolone/ day at the time of relapse .

The other patients were excluded for lower frequency of incontinence ( three patients ) or absence of severe urgency ( three patients ) .
the other patients were [not included] for lower frequency of incontinence ( three patients ) or absence of severe urgency ( three patients ) .

Patients transferred after initial diagnosis elsewhere and patients referred for consultation only were excluded .
patients transferred after initial diagnosis elsewhere and patients referred for consultation only were [not included] .

These patients have been excluded from further analysis .
these patients have been [not included] from further analysis .

The figure gives a detailed breakdown of patients included and excluded from the study .
the figure gives a detailed breakdown of patients included and [not included] from the study .

Of the 287 participants in the rising who were excluded by name from the general amnesty , over half , 154 , were Londoners ( 98 , p.cxxiii ; 109 , p.55 ) .
of the 287 participants in the rising who were [not included] by name from the general amnesty , over half , 154 , were londoners ( 98 , p.cxxiii ; 109 , p.55 ) .

Unsocial crafts , such as butchering and tanning , were assigned to particular quarters , and those with a high fire risk , pottery-making or blacksmith work , were excluded from the more densely populated areas ( 90 , pp.47–8 ) .
unsocial crafts , such as butchering and tanning , were assigned to particular quarters , and those with a high fire risk , pottery-making or blacksmith work , were [not included] from the more densely populated areas ( 90 , pp.47–8 ) .

The struggle is probably better understood as one between a dominant oligarchy and those whom they excluded from power .
the struggle is probably better understood as one between a dominant oligarchy and those whom they [not included] from power .

Confirmed xerophthalmia cases were excluded from the date of diagnosis .
confirmed xerophthalmia cases were [not included] from the date of diagnosis .

Such children were excluded from the date they received their first dose of the different treatment .
such children were [not included] from the date they received their first dose of the different treatment .

2 were excluded because they studied monochemotherapy ( etoposide and nitrogen mustard ) , and 1 because the supportive care group was in fact a ‘ wait and see ’ group with treatment by chemotherapy or radiotherapy only when symptoms appeared .
2 were [not included] because they studied monochemotherapy ( etoposide and nitrogen mustard ) , and 1 because the supportive care group was in fact a ‘ wait and see ’ group with treatment by chemotherapy or radiotherapy only when symptoms appeared .

Some patients were excluded , ineligible , or lost to follow-up , but the number with inadequate data was less than 6 % .
some patients were [not included] , ineligible , or lost to follow-up , but the number with inadequate data was less than 6 % .

Second , because nursing home residents were excluded , the finding that age is not strongly associated with 2-year mortality may not apply to these people who are at high risk for pneumonia .
second , because nursing home residents were [not included] , the finding that age is not strongly associated with 2-year mortality may not apply to these people who are at high risk for pneumonia .

What would be the effect on the profit if goods costing £6,000 were excluded from the opening stock figure ?
what would be the effect on the profit if goods costing £6,000 were [not included] from the opening stock figure ?

Patients were excluded from the study if they had received mithramycin , calcitonin , steroids , or any other antihypercalcaemic agent within 14 days ; received chemotherapy within 14 days , or had a change or introduction of hormone treatment within 6 weeks ; a serum creatinine 200 mol/L after hydration ; or were pregnant .
patients were [not included] from the study if they had received mithramycin , calcitonin , steroids , or any other antihypercalcaemic agent within 14 days ; received chemotherapy within 14 days , or had a change or introduction of hormone treatment within 6 weeks ; a serum creatinine 200 mol/l after hydration ; or were pregnant .

We excluded recently transfused patients and no patients had increased reticulocyte counts .
we [not included] recently transfused patients and no patients had increased reticulocyte counts .

One might tentatively define complementary medicine as diagnostic , therapeutic , and preventive procedures excluded from mainstream medicine ; some may have passed the test of time , most are of unproven effectiveness , and all are based on unscientific philosophies .
one might tentatively define complementary medicine as diagnostic , therapeutic , and preventive procedures [not included] from mainstream medicine ; some may have passed the test of time , most are of unproven effectiveness , and all are based on unscientific philosophies .

Cars , of course , could and should have been excluded but that would have spoiled the fun .
cars , of course , could and should have been [not included] but that would have spoiled the fun .

It was Mark Garland of the excluded Garlands .
it was mark garland of the [not included] garlands .

He had been excluded from the interviews with Hess on the German 's insistence , but said Hamilton had confirmed that the Horn nonsense had been immediately dropped .
he had been [not included] from the interviews with hess on the german 's insistence , but said hamilton had confirmed that the horn nonsense had been immediately dropped .

Prior to running Directory Integrity Check , the user may wish to identify any files of a particular type in the directory/directory structure which are to be excluded from the comparison e.g .
prior to running directory integrity check , the user may wish to identify any files of a particular type in the directory/directory structure which are to be [not included] from the comparison e.g .

Time travellers forbidden from remaining in one place for more than a short while , The Shamen are taking pop to places it 's hitherto been excluded from .
time travellers forbidden from remaining in one place for more than a short while , the shamen are taking pop to places it 's hitherto been [not included] from .

Secondly , goods which a husband enjoyed through his wife were excluded ; this could have been anything from beds and linen to the poultry .
secondly , goods which a husband enjoyed through his wife were [not included] ; this could have been anything from beds and linen to the poultry .

These are largely women and lower socio-economic groups who feel most excluded from the system .
these are largely women and lower socio-economic groups who feel most [not included] from the system .

Secondly , ensuring the disadvantaged and less powerful are not excluded and are given a chance to express views by such methods as public inquiry techniques , workshops , seminars , and local opinion polls .
secondly , ensuring the disadvantaged and less powerful are not [not included] and are given a chance to express views by such methods as public inquiry techniques , workshops , seminars , and local opinion polls .

And there , ranged against them too were institutions like the American Negro Academy , formed in 1897 , whose male founders ( Black , lest we forget ) , decided that Black women were not competent for such an intellectual atmosphere , and excluded them from membership .
and there , ranged against them too were institutions like the american negro academy , formed in 1897 , whose male founders ( black , lest we forget ) , decided that black women were not competent for such an intellectual atmosphere , and [not included] them from membership .

Recent progress was welcomed towards the establishment of the internal market , notably in the previously excluded sectors of water , energy , transport and telecommunications , in the financial services sector , and on company taxation .
recent progress was welcomed towards the establishment of the internal market , notably in the previously [not included] sectors of water , energy , transport and telecommunications , in the financial services sector , and on company taxation .

At a meeting on April 29 the Independent Smallholders ' Party political bureau elected Ferenc Nagy as party chairman in place of Istvan Prepeliczay , a proponent of alliance with the SzDSz , who was excluded from the session .
at a meeting on april 29 the independent smallholders ' party political bureau elected ferenc nagy as party chairman in place of istvan prepeliczay , a proponent of alliance with the szdsz , who was [not included] from the session .

In mid-July , in response to Uruguayan concerns that it had not been invited to participate in the talks , the Foreign Minister Domingo Cavallo stressed that Uruguay was welcome to participate in future discussions and was not excluded from the common market [ for previous Brazil , Uruguay , Argentina trilateral trade accords see pp .
in mid-july , in response to uruguayan concerns that it had not been invited to participate in the talks , the foreign minister domingo cavallo stressed that uruguay was welcome to participate in future discussions and was not [not included] from the common market [ for previous brazil , uruguay , argentina trilateral trade accords see pp .

About 20,000 prisoners ( some two-thirds of the total held ) benefited from the amnesty , which excluded , however , those convicted of abusing the powers of a public official or of violent crimes .
about 20,000 prisoners ( some two-thirds of the total held ) benefited from the amnesty , which [not included] , however , those convicted of abusing the powers of a public official or of violent crimes .

The ban on all sales and supplies to Iraq and Kuwait specifically included arms ; it excluded medical supplies and , in wording made less specific following an initiative by Ethiopia , the supply of food in humanitarian circumstances .
the ban on all sales and supplies to iraq and kuwait specifically included arms ; it [not included] medical supplies and , in wording made less specific following an initiative by ethiopia , the supply of food in humanitarian circumstances .

The other candidates were excluded from the run-off , but Young was unable to garner a significant share of their votes , polling 38 per cent of the total compared with 62 per cent for Miller .
the other candidates were [not included] from the run-off , but young was unable to garner a significant share of their votes , polling 38 per cent of the total compared with 62 per cent for miller .

Prisoners , mainly those excluded from the amnesty , rioted in Polish jails .
prisoners , mainly those [not included] from the amnesty , rioted in polish jails .

Hezbollah ( Party of God ) elections in Tehran ( the capital of Iran ) in January 1990 produced a new leadership which excluded the party 's `` pro-Syrian `` wing and was almost wholly supportive of Hojatoleslam Ali Akbar Mohtashemi , the hardline former Interior Minister and Hezbollah 's principal Iranian patron .
hezbollah ( party of god ) elections in tehran ( the capital of iran ) in january 1990 produced a new leadership which [not included] the party 's `` pro-syrian `` wing and was almost wholly supportive of hojatoleslam ali akbar mohtashemi , the hardline former interior minister and hezbollah 's principal iranian patron .

The press and public were excluded from the hearing , although Greene had given earlier assurances that the tape would be released after it had been edited in order to excise any classified information which might be disclosed inadvertently .
the press and public were [not included] from the hearing , although greene had given earlier assurances that the tape would be released after it had been edited in order to excise any classified information which might be disclosed inadvertently .

Pre-election allegations that large numbers of citizens had been excluded from the electoral roll led to an agreement allowing citizens to vote with an identity card if their name were not on the register .
pre-election allegations that large numbers of citizens had been [not included] from the electoral roll led to an agreement allowing citizens to vote with an identity card if their name were not on the register .

It refers to excluded knowledge , failure to give pupils opportunities to appreciate , areas left out of consideration , ideas not addressed , concepts not offered or discussed .
it refers to [not included] knowledge , failure to give pupils opportunities to appreciate , areas left out of consideration , ideas not addressed , concepts not offered or discussed .

During the nineteenth and early twentieth century foreign issues were the most important but , for many years during and after the Second World War pervasive exchange controls excluded all such issues .
during the nineteenth and early twentieth century foreign issues were the most important but , for many years during and after the second world war pervasive exchange controls [not included] all such issues .

The French continued to feel excluded from the topmost `` allied `` table of defence planning , and understandably feared that their territory was regarded as expendable by the Anglo-Saxons in the first phase of a war .
the french continued to feel [not included] from the topmost `` allied `` table of defence planning , and understandably feared that their territory was regarded as expendable by the anglo-saxons in the first phase of a war .

In 1614 the Prince of Wales himself had to be excluded from a dinner at which the Russian ambassador was to be present , since it was feared that the latter would refuse to accept a place on the king 's left if the prince were seated on his right .
in 1614 the prince of wales himself had to be [not included] from a dinner at which the russian ambassador was to be present , since it was feared that the latter would refuse to accept a place on the king 's left if the prince were seated on his right .

Excluded activities — key
[not included] activities — key

Excluded activities — other
[not included] activities — other

0402.3 Excluded activities — key
0402.3 [not included] activities — key

As noted above , certain activities are specifically excluded from the definition of investment business .
as noted above , certain activities are specifically [not included] from the definition of investment business .

The concept of excluded investment activities serves to remove some of the uncertainty in respect of industrial and commercial companies which may be involved in investment activities but whose mainstream business is not in the financial services sector .
the concept of [not included] investment activities serves to remove some of the uncertainty in respect of industrial and commercial companies which may be involved in investment activities but whose mainstream business is not in the financial services sector .

0402.4 Excluded activities — other
0402.4 [not included] activities — other

excluded if it refers to arrangements between a body corporate and another body corporate within the same group or is in connection with a joint enterprise as noted above
[not included] if it refers to arrangements between a body corporate and another body corporate within the same group or is in connection with a joint enterprise as noted above

For example , an advertisement relating to the issue by a company of its own securities for cash is excluded from the advertising restriction provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .
for example , an advertisement relating to the issue by a company of its own securities for cash is [not included] from the advertising restriction provided it complies with the listing particulars provisions , or , as appropriate , the prospectus provisions .

The contents of the Information memorandum should be excluded from any warranty statement .
the contents of the information memorandum should be [not included] from any warranty statement .

The following series of questions will need to be carefully considered from the point of view of your client , bearing in mind the negotiation process — clearly it will include matters which your client wants to be excluded from the agreement as well as matters that it wants included .
the following series of questions will need to be carefully considered from the point of view of your client , bearing in mind the negotiation process — clearly it will include matters which your client wants to be [not included] from the agreement as well as matters that it wants included .

In any event there are various matters to be excluded — such as the state of the economy , the industrial sector in which the Business operates and the future financial position of the customers and suppliers .
in any event there are various matters to be [not included] — such as the state of the economy , the industrial sector in which the business operates and the future financial position of the customers and suppliers .

Archaeological material is excluded because it is being collected by a different project , and visual material must unfortunately be omitted through lack of space .
archaeological material is [not included] because it is being collected by a different project , and visual material must unfortunately be omitted through lack of space .

Certain categories of material ( such as archaeology , and fiction about London ) are excluded either because they are covered elsewhere , or from shortage of space .
certain categories of material ( such as archaeology , and fiction about london ) are [not included] either because they are covered elsewhere , or from shortage of space .

On the other hand , the membership of corporate bodies may be excluded from knowledge of , or control over , the process of cooperation and bargaining .
on the other hand , the membership of corporate bodies may be [not included] from knowledge of , or control over , the process of cooperation and bargaining .

She wanted to be out in the open air , but excluded farming and gardening because of the evils of chemical fertilizers , pesticides , and hybrid animals/plants which deviated from nature 's intentions .
she wanted to be out in the open air , but [not included] farming and gardening because of the evils of chemical fertilizers , pesticides , and hybrid animals/plants which deviated from nature 's intentions .

Masters degree theses were excluded because the smaller numbers made them unsuitable for analysis .
masters degree theses were [not included] because the smaller numbers made them unsuitable for analysis .

This in turn implies that the two generalizations already hinted at-that it was not normal practice either for the kasabat kadi to return to the medrese stream or for him to make the jump to the mevleviyet kadiliks were by then established : both are , of course , in a sense implicit in the Kanunname in so far as neither eventuality is mentioned , though , equally , neither is specifically excluded .
this in turn implies that the two generalizations already hinted at-that it was not normal practice either for the kasabat kadi to return to the medrese stream or for him to make the jump to the mevleviyet kadiliks were by then established : both are , of course , in a sense implicit in the kanunname in so far as neither eventuality is mentioned , though , equally , neither is specifically [not included] .

The construction of the defences , enclosing c. 10 ha ( 25 acres ) at the centre of the settlement , inevitably excluded the northern and western suburbs and the ribbon developments to the south-east and south-west .
the construction of the defences , enclosing c. 10 ha ( 25 acres ) at the centre of the settlement , inevitably [not included] the northern and western suburbs and the ribbon developments to the south-east and south-west .

Table 17.5 shows the growth of consumer credit since 1987 ( note that lending on mortgages by building societies and banks is excluded ) .
table 17.5 shows the growth of consumer credit since 1987 ( note that lending on mortgages by building societies and banks is [not included] ) .

Agricultural produce and game are excluded from liability under the Act unless it has undergone an ‘ industrial process ’ giving it ‘ essential characteristics .
agricultural produce and game are [not included] from liability under the act unless it has undergone an ‘ industrial process ’ giving it ‘ essential characteristics .

If the clause is ambiguous , the court will adopt the meaning less favourable to the seller and any ground of liability not clearly excluded will remain .
if the clause is ambiguous , the court will adopt the meaning less favourable to the seller and any ground of liability not clearly [not included] will remain .

In defence to a claim for that loss , the sellers sought to rely upon a contractual clause limiting the sellers ' liability to the cost of replacement of the seeds , i. e. the clause excluded the sellers ' liability for any consequential loss arising from ‘ use or failure in performance of or any defect in any seeds or plants supplied or for any other loss or damage whatsoever , ’ except for the cost of replacement of the seed .
in defence to a claim for that loss , the sellers sought to rely upon a contractual clause limiting the sellers ' liability to the cost of replacement of the seeds , i. e. the clause [not included] the sellers ' liability for any consequential loss arising from ‘ use or failure in performance of or any defect in any seeds or plants supplied or for any other loss or damage whatsoever , ’ except for the cost of replacement of the seed .

The Consumer Protection Act itself provides , in sections 7 and 41 ( 4 ) , that such liability can not be excluded or limited .
the consumer protection act itself provides , in sections 7 and 41 ( 4 ) , that such liability can not be [not included] or limited .

There the exemption clause , according to its wording limited the liability of some seed merchants ( for supplying defective seed ) to the cost of replacing the seed ; it excluded liability for consequential loss of the buyers ' crop .
there the exemption clause , according to its wording limited the liability of some seed merchants ( for supplying defective seed ) to the cost of replacing the seed ; it [not included] liability for consequential loss of the buyers ' crop .

Thirdly , he may be able to establish a claim for product liability under the Consumer Protection Act 1987 — such liability can not be excluded ( paragraph 9–06 above ) .
thirdly , he may be able to establish a claim for product liability under the consumer protection act 1987 — such liability can not be [not included] ( paragraph 9–06 above ) .

The one difference is that in a hire contract the terms as to title and quiet possession can be excluded or restricted by an exemption clause provided that exemption clause satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
the one difference is that in a hire contract the terms as to title and quiet possession can be [not included] or restricted by an exemption clause provided that exemption clause satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

Finance companies , by adopting a ‘ take it or leave it ’ attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer — terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were excluded ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .
finance companies , by adopting a ‘ take it or leave it ’ attitude used to insist on inserting terms that were very onerous for the customer — terms to the effect that all implied conditions and warranties were [not included] ; that in the event of the customer 's payments falling into arrears the finance company could repossess the goods ; that in order to repossess the goods the company 's agents could trespass upon the customer 's premises ; that in the event of the customer terminating the agreement he should pay a large sum of money to the finance company , etc .

Third worldism , Laingian theories of schizophrenia blended with Marcuse , black power , and elements of Trotskyism that excluded only two groups , not insignificant ones — women and the working class .
third worldism , laingian theories of schizophrenia blended with marcuse , black power , and elements of trotskyism that [not included] only two groups , not insignificant ones — women and the working class .

Not that the foot soldiers of the movement were completely excluded .
not that the foot soldiers of the movement were completely [not included] .

The Society had received assurances just before the Council meeting from John Pitts , Chairman of the Legal Aid Board , that the Board had no plans to move towards competitive tendering , and that ‘ there can be no question of franchise holders being compelled to participate in any competitive tendering exercise and no question of franchise holders being excluded from legal aid work because they choose not to participate in any competitive tendering exercise or do tender and fail ’ .
the society had received assurances just before the council meeting from john pitts , chairman of the legal aid board , that the board had no plans to move towards competitive tendering , and that ‘ there can be no question of franchise holders being compelled to participate in any competitive tendering exercise and no question of franchise holders being [not included] from legal aid work because they choose not to participate in any competitive tendering exercise or do tender and fail ’ .

Also requested is the number of fish caught this trip , the location , and the general conditions mentioned above , though any of these may be excluded as required .
also requested is the number of fish caught this trip , the location , and the general conditions mentioned above , though any of these may be [not included] as required .

Mark and Sophia drew away together , feeling themselves to be excluded .
mark and sophia drew away together , feeling themselves to be [not included] .

The men talked on about the project , and the women feeling themselves to be excluded — as perhaps they were — started a conversation among themselves .
the men talked on about the project , and the women feeling themselves to be [not included] — as perhaps they were — started a conversation among themselves .

Dane and Marianne exchanged a laughing , indulgent glance , seeming for all the world like two fond parents , and Shae looked away , all too aware that she was being excluded from the charmed circle .
dane and marianne exchanged a laughing , indulgent glance , seeming for all the world like two fond parents , and shae looked away , all too aware that she was being [not included] from the charmed circle .

Nevertheless , the same pattern occurs when these countries are excluded ; for example , when the analysis is limited to the poorest quartile of countries in each latitudinal interval .
nevertheless , the same pattern occurs when these countries are [not included] ; for example , when the analysis is limited to the poorest quartile of countries in each latitudinal interval .

In these areas the polymer segments were assumed to possess a Gaussian distribution about the centre of mass , but even with this distribution the chain segments still occupy a finite volume from which all other chain segments are excluded .
in these areas the polymer segments were assumed to possess a gaussian distribution about the centre of mass , but even with this distribution the chain segments still occupy a finite volume from which all other chain segments are [not included] .

It is within this excluded volume that the long range interactions originate which are discussed more fully in chapter 10 .
it is within this [not included] volume that the long range interactions originate which are discussed more fully in chapter 10 .

The theta temperature is a well defined state of the polymer solution at which the excluded volume effects are eliminated and the polymer coil is in an unperturbed condition ( see chapter 10 ) .
the theta temperature is a well defined state of the polymer solution at which the [not included] volume effects are eliminated and the polymer coil is in an unperturbed condition ( see chapter 10 ) .

Above the theta temperature expansion of the coil takes place , caused by interactions with the solvent , whereas below * the polymer segments attract one another , the excluded volume is negative , the coils tend to collapse and eventual phase separation occurs .
above the theta temperature expansion of the coil takes place , caused by interactions with the solvent , whereas below * the polymer segments attract one another , the [not included] volume is negative , the coils tend to collapse and eventual phase separation occurs .

Looking first at the mechanism of the separation process ( a ) ; in simple terms , the large molecules , which occupy the greatest effective volume in solution , are excluded from the smaller pore sizes in the gel and pass quickly through the larger channels between the gel particles .
looking first at the mechanism of the separation process ( a ) ; in simple terms , the large molecules , which occupy the greatest effective volume in solution , are [not included] from the smaller pore sizes in the gel and pass quickly through the larger channels between the gel particles .

The two quantities are related , in the absence of excluded volume effects , for simple chains by but as the actual dimensions obtained can depend on the conditions of the measurement , other factors must also be considered .
the two quantities are related , in the absence of [not included] volume effects , for simple chains by but as the actual dimensions obtained can depend on the conditions of the measurement , other factors must also be considered .

These are often termed excluded volume effects .
these are often termed [not included] volume effects .

The additional command needed to specify that areas with a negative data value be excluded and that the class intervals be chosen so as to place an equal number of zones in each class is :
the additional command needed to specify that areas with a negative data value be [not included] and that the class intervals be chosen so as to place an equal number of zones in each class is :

But to stretch himself to the limit should be the pride and destiny of every man , and she shared , in that part of her being that was not maternal , Paul 's disappointment at being excluded from such a brotherhood .
but to stretch himself to the limit should be the pride and destiny of every man , and she shared , in that part of her being that was not maternal , paul 's disappointment at being [not included] from such a brotherhood .

She also felt a commitment to those artists whose blatant and subjective rather than allegorical treatment of the subject matter may have excluded them from showing elsewhere .
she also felt a commitment to those artists whose blatant and subjective rather than allegorical treatment of the subject matter may have [not included] them from showing elsewhere .

In some societies , for example , distantly related individuals may be incorporated into the formally recognised family , while in other cultures even children may be excluded .
in some societies , for example , distantly related individuals may be incorporated into the formally recognised family , while in other cultures even children may be [not included] .

However , some factors are excluded , for example , organisational structure , roles of personnel , organisational goals , employee needs , issues , problems and concerns .
however , some factors are [not included] , for example , organisational structure , roles of personnel , organisational goals , employee needs , issues , problems and concerns .

Tinted glass filtered the bright morning sunlight and powered swivel shutters excluded it at will .
tinted glass filtered the bright morning sunlight and powered swivel shutters [not included] it at will .

Dr Snell has recently suggested that on the evidence of apprenticeship indentures women and girls were bound to a range of occupations in the early and middle years of the eighteenth century from which they were later progressively excluded as capitalistic developments took more work from the home and as population growth accelerated to flood the labour market .
dr snell has recently suggested that on the evidence of apprenticeship indentures women and girls were bound to a range of occupations in the early and middle years of the eighteenth century from which they were later progressively [not included] as capitalistic developments took more work from the home and as population growth accelerated to flood the labour market .

Dickson concludes that : `` Tory fears of the great world of wealth and influence , which they hated with the intensity of the excluded , were based on something more solid than ignorance and prejudice . ``
dickson concludes that : `` tory fears of the great world of wealth and influence , which they hated with the intensity of the [not included] , were based on something more solid than ignorance and prejudice . ``

This sister seemed to be carefully excluded from any conversation .
this sister seemed to be carefully [not included] from any conversation .

For horizontal strips it does not , because of the excluded reference area .
for horizontal strips it does not , because of the [not included] reference area .

Some other trials were conducted in an ordinary college room with the daylight excluded by Venetian blinds .
some other trials were conducted in an ordinary college room with the daylight [not included] by venetian blinds .

The oscillation is surprisingly large , up to 25 % , even when the one very large variation is excluded .
the oscillation is surprisingly large , up to 25 % , even when the one very large variation is [not included] .

The problem arises because the inventor can not privately appropriate the benefits since imitators can not be excluded .
the problem arises because the inventor can not privately appropriate the benefits since imitators can not be [not included] .

She heard the guests arriving , noisy , laughing , and she stupidly felt excluded , lonely .
she heard the guests arriving , noisy , laughing , and she stupidly felt [not included] , lonely .

Only in retrospect does he think he might qualify as a ‘ new man ’ , a supporter of causes from which he is excluded by his situation — feminism , the Third World , anti-racism , gay rights .
only in retrospect does he think he might qualify as a ‘ new man ’ , a supporter of causes from which he is [not included] by his situation — feminism , the third world , anti-racism , gay rights .

It is also important that we do not allow many farms to be excluded on the ground of their size .
it is also important that we do not allow many farms to be [not included] on the ground of their size .

Of course we can not be excluded from progress within the Community .
of course we can not be [not included] from progress within the community .

The rest of Europe will now construct the social institutions of Europe with Britain excluded — but we shall not be excluded from being influenced by what they do in the short term .
the rest of europe will now construct the social institutions of europe with britain [not included] — but we shall not be [not included] from being influenced by what they do in the short term .

All those commitments , which are broadly supported by the country , are expressly denied and excluded by the Labour party 's amendment .
all those commitments , which are broadly supported by the country , are expressly denied and [not included] by the labour party 's amendment .

Will the right hon. Gentleman ensure that his Department takes an adequate interest in the subcontracts ? Is he aware that the chain and cable industry in this country is widely accepted as being the best in the world in terms of both technology and workmanship ? Will he ensure that it is not unfairly excluded as a result of the foreign dumping of inferior chain ?
will the right hon. gentleman ensure that his department takes an adequate interest in the subcontracts ? is he aware that the chain and cable industry in this country is widely accepted as being the best in the world in terms of both technology and workmanship ? will he ensure that it is not unfairly [not included] as a result of the foreign dumping of inferior chain ?

Only the very old and infirm were excluded from the activities of the hayfields .
only the very old and infirm were [not included] from the activities of the hayfields .

She contemplated him in silence , wondering if this new lifestyle was one that completely excluded women — Aunt Bertha and Doreen in particular — but he did not enlighten her .
she contemplated him in silence , wondering if this new lifestyle was one that completely [not included] women — aunt bertha and doreen in particular — but he did not enlighten her .

Is my hon. Friend aware that in many local education authorities , not least in London , it is a prerequisite for a discretionary award that a student lives for at least three years within the borough concerned ? Will he give at least gentle guidance to LEAs suggesting that it is not reasonable for students to be excluded from discretionary grants merely because their parents have moved home ?
is my hon. friend aware that in many local education authorities , not least in london , it is a prerequisite for a discretionary award that a student lives for at least three years within the borough concerned ? will he give at least gentle guidance to leas suggesting that it is not reasonable for students to be [not included] from discretionary grants merely because their parents have moved home ?

if mortgage interest rates are excluded , and 7.3 per cent .
if mortgage interest rates are [not included] , and 7.3 per cent .

if both mortgage interest rates and poll tax are excluded ?
if both mortgage interest rates and poll tax are [not included] ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that many people who choose to work more than 48 hours per week , and who thereby earn overtime and give greater security to their families , would be most upset if an edict from Brussels took the right to work such overtime away from them , especially as hon. Members would be excluded from the rules , as would the bureaucrats in Europe and all managers and executives ?
does my right hon. friend agree that many people who choose to work more than 48 hours per week , and who thereby earn overtime and give greater security to their families , would be most upset if an edict from brussels took the right to work such overtime away from them , especially as hon. members would be [not included] from the rules , as would the bureaucrats in europe and all managers and executives ?

The Government acknowledge that a property tax is essentially unfair and not linked to income and that is why the Bill includes banding and discounts and why student halls of residents are rightly excluded .
the government acknowledge that a property tax is essentially unfair and not linked to income and that is why the bill includes banding and discounts and why student halls of residents are rightly [not included] .

Nothing has changed — they are as tied as before , but they are now excluded from the beer orders , so that they have no guest beers .
nothing has changed — they are as tied as before , but they are now [not included] from the beer orders , so that they have no guest beers .

Economically , we can not afford to be excluded from a group that includes most of our main trading partners , including our biggest partner of all , the Federal Republic of Germany .
economically , we can not afford to be [not included] from a group that includes most of our main trading partners , including our biggest partner of all , the federal republic of germany .

‘ Accordingly , on the fall of the hammer the property of this car passed to King unless that prima facie rule is excluded from applying because of a different intention appearing or because there was some condition in the contract preventing the rule from applying . ’
‘ accordingly , on the fall of the hammer the property of this car passed to king unless that prima facie rule is [not included] from applying because of a different intention appearing or because there was some condition in the contract preventing the rule from applying . ’

In fact there are very few goods that are pure public goods ; that is , goods that yield benefits from which nobody can be excluded and for which the amount the individual can consume does not diminish as the number of consumers increases .
in fact there are very few goods that are pure public goods ; that is , goods that yield benefits from which nobody can be [not included] and for which the amount the individual can consume does not diminish as the number of consumers increases .

In general , brand names have been excluded from the text , except where products are unique or where instructions are specific to a particular manufacturer 's product .
in general , brand names have been [not included] from the text , except where products are unique or where instructions are specific to a particular manufacturer 's product .

Charles felt awkward , excluded from their scene .
charles felt awkward , [not included] from their scene .

Not only excluded from performing , the understudy was not even to be allowed to take part in the murder investigation .
not only [not included] from performing , the understudy was not even to be allowed to take part in the murder investigation .

And some of the people who had motives were excluded from suspicion by lack of opportunity .
and some of the people who had motives were [not included] from suspicion by lack of opportunity .

It should be noted that the profits of the blenders have been excluded from the welfare function since the policies were aimed exclusively at protecting the dominant firms and also the blenders are being treated as import agents .
it should be noted that the profits of the blenders have been [not included] from the welfare function since the policies were aimed exclusively at protecting the dominant firms and also the blenders are being treated as import agents .

‘ Excluded from society , you mean ? passed over by change ? Starved of sympathy ? ’
‘ [not included] from society , you mean ? passed over by change ? starved of sympathy ? ’

Thus most of what passes for literary scholarship is excluded from the sphere of criticism : studies of authors ' lives , of their immediate environment , of their ideas about writing and of the genesis of their works .
thus most of what passes for literary scholarship is [not included] from the sphere of criticism : studies of authors ' lives , of their immediate environment , of their ideas about writing and of the genesis of their works .

Reference is emphatically excluded and reflexivity reinforced : ‘ What takes place ’ in a narrative is from the referential ( reality ) point of view literally nothing ; ‘ what happens ’ is language alone , the adventure of language , the unceasing celebration of its coming .
reference is emphatically [not included] and reflexivity reinforced : ‘ what takes place ’ in a narrative is from the referential ( reality ) point of view literally nothing ; ‘ what happens ’ is language alone , the adventure of language , the unceasing celebration of its coming .

He seized the post of Vizier ( Prime Minister ) and within weeks Muhammed Shah 's ineffectual successor had been effectively excluded from all decisions ; he remained a figurehead , left to console himself with drink , opium and his harem .
he seized the post of vizier ( prime minister ) and within weeks muhammed shah 's ineffectual successor had been effectively [not included] from all decisions ; he remained a figurehead , left to console himself with drink , opium and his harem .

… allow inclusion , by way of reference to notes , of much interesting work in the area which , due to constraints of space , have hitherto been excluded .
… allow inclusion , by way of reference to notes , of much interesting work in the area which , due to constraints of space , have hitherto been [not included] .

One aim seems to have been excluded entirely : to promote ‘ the individual 's special aptitudes and interests and to foster and encourage confidence , enthusiasm and a sense of achievement ’ .
one aim seems to have been [not included] entirely : to promote ‘ the individual 's special aptitudes and interests and to foster and encourage confidence , enthusiasm and a sense of achievement ’ .

At the micro level , described by Lind , a similar mixture of sometimes intentional , but more often automatic , focusing enables certain elements of the sensory mix to be selected and retained whilst others are excluded .
at the micro level , described by lind , a similar mixture of sometimes intentional , but more often automatic , focusing enables certain elements of the sensory mix to be selected and retained whilst others are [not included] .

The very survival of his regime `` proved `` that Spain did not need the western democracies , from whose European Recovery Programme ( better known as the Marshall Plan ) Spain was excluded when it was launched in June .
the very survival of his regime `` proved `` that spain did not need the western democracies , from whose european recovery programme ( better known as the marshall plan ) spain was [not included] when it was launched in june .

But , then , the Francoist idea of parliament precluded discussion and dissent , in the same way that these two concepts were excluded from every area of social and political life under Francoism .
but , then , the francoist idea of parliament precluded discussion and dissent , in the same way that these two concepts were [not included] from every area of social and political life under francoism .

Partly because , in spite of his professed indifference to the outside world , it nevertheless rankled with Franco that his regime was excluded from all the most important international circles , and he knew that it would continue to be blackballed for as long as it could be accused of denying the Spanish people free choice .
partly because , in spite of his professed indifference to the outside world , it nevertheless rankled with franco that his regime was [not included] from all the most important international circles , and he knew that it would continue to be blackballed for as long as it could be accused of denying the spanish people free choice .

Fixed scales for the rate at which fees would be paid excluded hardly anyone ; as a result parents who were comparatively poor suddenly found themselves liable for fees .
fixed scales for the rate at which fees would be paid [not included] hardly anyone ; as a result parents who were comparatively poor suddenly found themselves liable for fees .

were deliberately excluded on the basis that they could have been obtained from previous local knowledge .
were deliberately [not included] on the basis that they could have been obtained from previous local knowledge .

Films were excluded if weather conditions made viewing difficult , if for example the windscreen wipers were used , or if the total length of the film would exceed one minute .
films were [not included] if weather conditions made viewing difficult , if for example the windscreen wipers were used , or if the total length of the film would exceed one minute .

Subjects may thus have deliberately excluded any risk component from their speed and normality ratings since they were reporting risk separately .
subjects may thus have deliberately [not included] any risk component from their speed and normality ratings since they were reporting risk separately .

In the Hall study accidents at 177 signalized crossroads were analysed over a period of four years , over this period accidents involving a vehicle turning right outnumbered those to vehicles turning left by a ratio of 6.6:1 ( accidents involving one vehicle turning in each direction were excluded from the analysis ) .
in the hall study accidents at 177 signalized crossroads were analysed over a period of four years , over this period accidents involving a vehicle turning right outnumbered those to vehicles turning left by a ratio of 6.6:1 ( accidents involving one vehicle turning in each direction were [not included] from the analysis ) .

We may also refer to a writer like Meiklejohn ( 1909 ) ; his book is an excellent work of its kind , and despite the oft-repeated claims of more recent linguists that previous investigators had seriously neglected syntax , that subject receives no fewer than seventy pages in his treatment ( even when the allocation of words to word-classes is excluded ) .
we may also refer to a writer like meiklejohn ( 1909 ) ; his book is an excellent work of its kind , and despite the oft-repeated claims of more recent linguists that previous investigators had seriously neglected syntax , that subject receives no fewer than seventy pages in his treatment ( even when the allocation of words to word-classes is [not included] ) .

The examples in ( 8 ) are representative : ( 8 ) the visiting scientists are nuclear farmers who will qualify are arable the expert was meteorological Ascriptive adjectives on the other hand may freely occur predicatively ( although it is possible that in some cases an ascriptive adjective may be excluded for different reasons ) .
the examples in ( 8 ) are representative : ( 8 ) the visiting scientists are nuclear farmers who will qualify are arable the expert was meteorological ascriptive adjectives on the other hand may freely occur predicatively ( although it is possible that in some cases an ascriptive adjective may be [not included] for different reasons ) .

These also can not occur in postnominal attributive position ; we have cited the unacceptability of postnominal sheer in ( 34 ) , and of course ( 39 ) is equally unsatisfactory : ( 39 ) a team-manager former was brought out of retirement We can also observe that , for the same reason , qualifying nouns , which do not instantiate a property of the head noun , are excluded as a class from postnominal position except , again , for phrases borrowed from French , such as Tournedos Rossini .
these also can not occur in postnominal attributive position ; we have cited the unacceptability of postnominal sheer in ( 34 ) , and of course ( 39 ) is equally unsatisfactory : ( 39 ) a team-manager former was brought out of retirement we can also observe that , for the same reason , qualifying nouns , which do not instantiate a property of the head noun , are [not included] as a class from postnominal position except , again , for phrases borrowed from french , such as tournedos rossini .

Thus ( 54 ) , with an adjective which can occur predicatively ( but not in the prenominal attributive position ) , is quite acceptable ; but ( 55 ) , containing galore which is excluded from ordinary predicative position , is not : ( 54 ) the observers reported Her Majesty ( to be ) asleep ( 55 ) the observers reported the whisky ( to be ) galore We may further note that there are certain inherently restrictive adjectives ( including superlatives and , under certain conditions , ordinals ) which imply selection out of a known set , and which appear to occur ( unlike most adjectives ) in ordinary predicative position accompanied by the definite article : ( 56 ) ( a ) your slice is the largest ( b ) your slice is the small ( See Chapter 7 ; and Ferris , in preparation . )
thus ( 54 ) , with an adjective which can occur predicatively ( but not in the prenominal attributive position ) , is quite acceptable ; but ( 55 ) , containing galore which is [not included] from ordinary predicative position , is not : ( 54 ) the observers reported her majesty ( to be ) asleep ( 55 ) the observers reported the whisky ( to be ) galore we may further note that there are certain inherently restrictive adjectives ( including superlatives and , under certain conditions , ordinals ) which imply selection out of a known set , and which appear to occur ( unlike most adjectives ) in ordinary predicative position accompanied by the definite article : ( 56 ) ( a ) your slice is the largest ( b ) your slice is the small ( see chapter 7 ; and ferris , in preparation . )

6.4 There is again a significant prediction about syntactic behaviour that follows from the above account ; once again , we have in these adjectives a group which will be excluded from predicative position .
6.4 there is again a significant prediction about syntactic behaviour that follows from the above account ; once again , we have in these adjectives a group which will be [not included] from predicative position .

By this time , too , the citizens of Rome had been excluded from papal elections ; they had formed an important pressure group in the past .
by this time , too , the citizens of rome had been [not included] from papal elections ; they had formed an important pressure group in the past .

By June of that year the water had been excluded and thereafter the new dock was constructed .
by june of that year the water had been [not included] and thereafter the new dock was constructed .

In trying to determine the effect of , say , a new teaching style on academic attainment , factors extraneous to this relationship but which might have a bearing on attainment , need to be excluded or controlled in some fashion in order to assess the effect of teaching style .
in trying to determine the effect of , say , a new teaching style on academic attainment , factors extraneous to this relationship but which might have a bearing on attainment , need to be [not included] or controlled in some fashion in order to assess the effect of teaching style .

Winifred , not to be excluded , began a processional reading from the door :
winifred , not to be [not included] , began a processional reading from the door :

On July 10 the President then dissolved the entire transitional government for the second time and named a third adminstration which excluded Mohamed Taki on July 16 [ for earlier administrations see pp .
on july 10 the president then dissolved the entire transitional government for the second time and named a third adminstration which [not included] mohamed taki on july 16 [ for earlier administrations see pp .

The 12-member Citizen 's Forum on Canada 's Future , which was drawn from a cross-section of the country but which excluded serving politicians , was due to report by July 1991 .
the 12-member citizen 's forum on canada 's future , which was drawn from a cross-section of the country but which [not included] serving politicians , was due to report by july 1991 .

Other issues at the forefront of government policy during 1990 were the need to reinstate the country in the international community and the necessity of dealing with mounting internal pressure for social justice from the majority of the people , who had been excluded from the " economic miracle " which took place under Pinochet 's rule .
other issues at the forefront of government policy during 1990 were the need to reinstate the country in the international community and the necessity of dealing with mounting internal pressure for social justice from the majority of the people , who had been [not included] from the " economic miracle " which took place under pinochet 's rule .

Panama was initially excluded from the agreement , which had its origins in the Tuxtla Gutiérrez trade accord signed in January 1991 in the Mexican state of Chiapas [ see p. 37957 ] .
panama was initially [not included] from the agreement , which had its origins in the tuxtla gutiérrez trade accord signed in january 1991 in the mexican state of chiapas [ see p. 37957 ] .

An existing protocol to the Treaty effectively excluded this , declaring : `` Nothing in the Treaty … shall affect the application in Ireland of Article 40.3.3 of the Constitution of Ireland [ guaranteeing the `` equal right to life `` of both mother and foetus ] `` .
an existing protocol to the treaty effectively [not included] this , declaring : `` nothing in the treaty … shall affect the application in ireland of article 40.3.3 of the constitution of ireland [ guaranteeing the `` equal right to life `` of both mother and foetus ] `` .

Torgyan alerted the media to the takeover , which had involved his being physically excluded from party headquarters .
torgyan alerted the media to the takeover , which had involved his being physically [not included] from party headquarters .

The issue of the Crimea was excluded from the discussion .
the issue of the crimea was [not included] from the discussion .

According to the Indian Ocean Newsletter of Aug. 31 , supporters of Farah Aydid had been excluded from the 32-member Hawiye-dominated Cabinet which had been confirmed in August .
according to the indian ocean newsletter of aug. 31 , supporters of farah aydid had been [not included] from the 32-member hawiye-dominated cabinet which had been confirmed in august .

The only specified penalty for the six republics which had not participated and were not expected to sign the Treaty ( Armenia , Estonia , Georgia , Latvia , Lithuania and Moldavia ) , was that they would thereby be excluded from a new `` common economic space `` .
the only specified penalty for the six republics which had not participated and were not expected to sign the treaty ( armenia , estonia , georgia , latvia , lithuania and moldavia ) , was that they would thereby be [not included] from a new `` common economic space `` .

The state of Jammu and Kashmir was excluded from the May national elections by a presidential order signed on April 18 .
the state of jammu and kashmir was [not included] from the may national elections by a presidential order signed on april 18 .

By a 6:3 vote the court overturned a pair of decisions from 1987 and 1989 which had excluded `` victim impact `` evidence — concerning the character of the victim and the suffering of their survivors — from juries which were considering imposing the death penalty .
by a 6:3 vote the court overturned a pair of decisions from 1987 and 1989 which had [not included] `` victim impact `` evidence — concerning the character of the victim and the suffering of their survivors — from juries which were considering imposing the death penalty .

The new Bill of Rights excluded the right to self-determination , the right to have elected executive and legislative councils , and the right of foreigners to fight deportation [ see below ] .
the new bill of rights [not included] the right to self-determination , the right to have elected executive and legislative councils , and the right of foreigners to fight deportation [ see below ] .

Reports indicated , however , that it had been excluded on the direction of the King who , in a veiled attack on Brotherhood policies on June 19 , condemned those who engaged in `` intellectual and psychological terrorism `` and portrayed suicide as `` martyrdom `` .
reports indicated , however , that it had been [not included] on the direction of the king who , in a veiled attack on brotherhood policies on june 19 , condemned those who engaged in `` intellectual and psychological terrorism `` and portrayed suicide as `` martyrdom `` .

The first Cabinet member to resign since President George Bush took office in January 1989 , Dole denied that she had felt excluded from the administration 's innermost policy-making circles .
the first cabinet member to resign since president george bush took office in january 1989 , dole denied that she had felt [not included] from the administration 's innermost policy-making circles .

The only enterprises to be excluded from this plan were to be geothermal power stations , the central airport , and `` possibly `` the railways and other important national facilities .
the only enterprises to be [not included] from this plan were to be geothermal power stations , the central airport , and `` possibly `` the railways and other important national facilities .

The 37 participating countries included Taiwan ( competing under the name Taipei : China ) , Vietnam ( for the first time for 20 years ) and Kuwait , but not Iraq , excluded by an emergency meeting of the Olympic Council of Asia on Sept. 20 because of its Aug. 2 invasion of Kuwait .
the 37 participating countries included taiwan ( competing under the name taipei : china ) , vietnam ( for the first time for 20 years ) and kuwait , but not iraq , [not included] by an emergency meeting of the olympic council of asia on sept. 20 because of its aug. 2 invasion of kuwait .

all permanent residents of Latvia aged over 18 , members of the armed forces stationed in the republic being excluded ) .
all permanent residents of latvia aged over 18 , members of the armed forces stationed in the republic being [not included] ) .

The totals excluded the expected several hundred votes of Beninese living abroad , and the count in the northern town of Parakou , where 43,000 people had been registered to vote .
the totals [not included] the expected several hundred votes of beninese living abroad , and the count in the northern town of parakou , where 43,000 people had been registered to vote .

( 3 ) The Residential Environment Bill would enable residents to set minimum standards for existing suburbs , although racially discriminatory measures would be excluded .
( 3 ) the residential environment bill would enable residents to set minimum standards for existing suburbs , although racially discriminatory measures would be [not included] .

On Oct. 24 the Governor of Hong Kong , Sir David Wilson , excluded the colony 's popularly elected leaders from seats on the Executive Council ( Exco ) , the administration 's most powerful policy-making body , selecting instead 10 conservatives and moderates .
on oct. 24 the governor of hong kong , sir david wilson , [not included] the colony 's popularly elected leaders from seats on the executive council ( exco ) , the administration 's most powerful policy-making body , selecting instead 10 conservatives and moderates .

The agreement also included a general amnesty for those police and soldiers involved in Aristide 's overthrow , and excluded the immediate dismissal of the Armed Forces C.-in-C .
the agreement also included a general amnesty for those police and soldiers involved in aristide 's overthrow , and [not included] the immediate dismissal of the armed forces c.-in-c .

King Fahd was said to have intervened personally to warn Islamic radicals against any `` excessive behaviour `` , saying that `` any recourse to any means other than peaceful dialogue is excluded `` .
king fahd was said to have intervened personally to warn islamic radicals against any `` excessive behaviour `` , saying that `` any recourse to any means other than peaceful dialogue is [not included] `` .

The representative body of the original Crimean population , the Crimean Tatars ' Majlis [ see p. 38302 ] , issued a statement on May 12 denouncing the Crimean vote but also criticizing the autonomy granted by Ukraine to the Crimea , as all existing structures excluded the Tatar nation .
the representative body of the original crimean population , the crimean tatars ' majlis [ see p. 38302 ] , issued a statement on may 12 denouncing the crimean vote but also criticizing the autonomy granted by ukraine to the crimea , as all existing structures [not included] the tatar nation .

Jaruzelski was excluded from all the inaugural events .
jaruzelski was [not included] from all the inaugural events .

Senate amendments replaced this with a two-tiered formula guaranteeing a minimum of 13 weeks and allowed unemployed workers in every state to qualify for extended benefits retroactive to March 1 ( 18 states were excluded from this provision in the House bill ) .
senate amendments replaced this with a two-tiered formula guaranteeing a minimum of 13 weeks and allowed unemployed workers in every state to qualify for extended benefits retroactive to march 1 ( 18 states were [not included] from this provision in the house bill ) .

The Moslem Brotherhood , which opposed the peace talks on principle , remained excluded from government .
the moslem brotherhood , which opposed the peace talks on principle , remained [not included] from government .

On Sept. 8 they agreed that the victor would form a government which would `` guarantee national reconciliation and reconstruction `` but specifically excluded the possibility of a formal coalition between their parties .
on sept. 8 they agreed that the victor would form a government which would `` guarantee national reconciliation and reconstruction `` but specifically [not included] the possibility of a formal coalition between their parties .

These prices excluded additional excise duties .
these prices [not included] additional excise duties .

The second , inconclusive , round of talks on the withdrawal from Moldova of the Russian 14th Army was held in Kishinev on Sept. 16-17 , but Dnestr representatives and the military were excluded from the negotiations .
the second , inconclusive , round of talks on the withdrawal from moldova of the russian 14th army was held in kishinev on sept. 16-17 , but dnestr representatives and the military were [not included] from the negotiations .

It excluded dialects of official languages and the languages of non-European immigrants .
it [not included] dialects of official languages and the languages of non-european immigrants .

The sanctions anticipated for April 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from Libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft components from Libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the Libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in Libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of Libyan Arab Airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of Libyans expelled or excluded from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .
the sanctions anticipated for april 15 included ( i ) the denial of airport facilities to any aircraft flying to or from libya , except in cases of urgent humanitarian need ; ( ii ) the withholding of aircraft insurance or maintenance services , aircraft and aircraft components from libya ; ( iii ) the withholding of any kind of arms , military equipment or paramilitary police equipment ; ( iv ) the withdrawal of any military advisers currently advising the libyan authorities ; ( v ) significant reductions in staff levels at diplomatic missions in libya ; ( iv ) moves to `` prevent the operation `` of libyan arab airlines ; and ( vii ) the denial of entry , or expulsion , of libyans expelled or [not included] from other states due to their `` terrorist activities `` .

Prime Minister Joseph Kokou Koffigoh , who was born in 1948 , was effectively excluded under the new amendment from contesting the 1992 presidential election .
prime minister joseph kokou koffigoh , who was born in 1948 , was effectively [not included] under the new amendment from contesting the 1992 presidential election .

Also excluded from control were dwelling-houses let at a rent which included payments in respect of board , attendance or , more importantly , the use of furniture , the latter exception giving rise to `` lino tenancies `` ( linoleum on the floor and very little more ) , an early avoidance of rent control approved by the courts .
also [not included] from control were dwelling-houses let at a rent which included payments in respect of board , attendance or , more importantly , the use of furniture , the latter exception giving rise to `` lino tenancies `` ( linoleum on the floor and very little more ) , an early avoidance of rent control approved by the courts .

Thus , tenants were singled out for protection regarding rent levels and security , but mere licensees were excluded from this .
thus , tenants were singled out for protection regarding rent levels and security , but mere licensees were [not included] from this .

Under the Acts , a protected tenancy is a tenancy under which a dwelling house is let as a separate dwelling , and the use of the words `` tenancy `` and `` let `` means that licences are excluded .
under the acts , a protected tenancy is a tenancy under which a dwelling house is let as a separate dwelling , and the use of the words `` tenancy `` and `` let `` means that licences are [not included] .

The reference to agreement or otherwise , means that the duty can be excluded etc. by means of a contract term or by a notice communicated to the visitor .
the reference to agreement or otherwise , means that the duty can be [not included] etc. by means of a contract term or by a notice communicated to the visitor .

( iii ) If it is correct that the duty owed to trespassers is a minimum standard which can not be excluded , then this minimum standard can not be excluded against visitors .
( iii ) if it is correct that the duty owed to trespassers is a minimum standard which can not be [not included] , then this minimum standard can not be [not included] against visitors .

( iv ) Section 3 ( 1 ) provides that where an occupier is bound by contract to permit strangers to the contract to enter or use the premises , the duty of care owed to the stranger as a visitor can not be restricted or excluded by the contract .
( iv ) section 3 ( 1 ) provides that where an occupier is bound by contract to permit strangers to the contract to enter or use the premises , the duty of care owed to the stranger as a visitor can not be restricted or [not included] by the contract .

The duty can not be excluded .
the duty can not be [not included] .

Under s. 2 ( 1 ) liability for death or personal injuries caused by negligence can not be excluded .
under s. 2 ( 1 ) liability for death or personal injuries caused by negligence can not be [not included] .

The possibility that some were produced in a royal secretariat can not be totally excluded , although the evidence for the existence of such an office under Cnut is far from compelling .
the possibility that some were produced in a royal secretariat can not be totally [not included] , although the evidence for the existence of such an office under cnut is far from compelling .

De Gaulle interpreted this to mean that Churchill had excluded Free French forces in order to please his American allies .
de gaulle interpreted this to mean that churchill had [not included] free french forces in order to please his american allies .

When Roosevelt had been persuaded by the British , in July 1942 , to postpone a direct invasion of Western Europe and instead to prepare an invasion of North Africa , one of his conditions had been that Free France should be excluded .
when roosevelt had been persuaded by the british , in july 1942 , to postpone a direct invasion of western europe and instead to prepare an invasion of north africa , one of his conditions had been that free france should be [not included] .

The General had no success in winning over the Big Three to his concept of a decentralized Germany , and he was excluded from the critical summits where Germany 's future was discussed .
the general had no success in winning over the big three to his concept of a decentralized germany , and he was [not included] from the critical summits where germany 's future was discussed .

However , prior to membership of the union all external producers are excluded from the home market by the imposition of a tariff which moves their import supply curves above the equilibrium price in the domestic economy .
however , prior to membership of the union all external producers are [not included] from the home market by the imposition of a tariff which moves their import supply curves above the equilibrium price in the domestic economy .

( 3 ) The losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this Rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type excluded , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the Solicitors Indemnity Fund .
( 3 ) the losses against which a recognised body is required to insure under this rule are all losses arising from claims in respect of civil liability incurred in the practice of the recognised body by the recognised body or by any of its officers or employees or former officers or employees or by any solicitor or registered foreign lawyer who is or was a consultant to or associate in the body 's practice or is or was working in the practice as an agent or a locum tenens ; save that a recognised body shall not be required to insure against losses arising from claims of a type [not included] , by the indemnity rules applicable from time to time to recognised bodies , from being afforded indemnity by the solicitors indemnity fund .

( 7 ) Sections 89(1) and 90(1) to ( 6 ) ( inclusive ) of the Act shall be excluded from applying to the Company .
( 7 ) sections 89(1) and 90(1) to ( 6 ) ( inclusive ) of the act shall be [not included] from applying to the company .

( 7 ) Sections 89(1) and 90(1) to ( 6 ) ( inclusive ) of the Act shall be excluded from applying to the Company .
( 7 ) sections 89(1) and 90(1) to ( 6 ) ( inclusive ) of the act shall be [not included] from applying to the company .

On a 1780 base ( =100 ) the real-wage index was 86 in 1793 , and even if the 1801 and 1812 price extremes are excluded ( 55 and 53 ) the average real-wage index for the remaining war years is still only 77.7 compared with 91.2 for 1780 to 1792 .
on a 1780 base ( =100 ) the real-wage index was 86 in 1793 , and even if the 1801 and 1812 price extremes are [not included] ( 55 and 53 ) the average real-wage index for the remaining war years is still only 77.7 compared with 91.2 for 1780 to 1792 .

Furthermore , while it was possible to take into account many of the phonological variations attributable to fast speech production , the analysis excluded a consideration of phonological assimilation across word boundaries .
furthermore , while it was possible to take into account many of the phonological variations attributable to fast speech production , the analysis [not included] a consideration of phonological assimilation across word boundaries .

The correct word-path is excluded from many mid and mixed utterances because an alternative parsing into a long word is preferred .
the correct word-path is [not included] from many mid and mixed utterances because an alternative parsing into a long word is preferred .

The Patents Act 1977 lays down several requirements which must be satisfied before a patent can be granted and , furthermore , certain things are specifically excluded from patentability .
the patents act 1977 lays down several requirements which must be satisfied before a patent can be granted and , furthermore , certain things are specifically [not included] from patentability .

Methods or principles of construction are excluded from the design right .
methods or principles of construction are [not included] from the design right .

Several things are excluded from the scope of patent law .
several things are [not included] from the scope of patent law .

On appeal to the Patents Court , it was held that where an invention involves any of the excluded materials in section 1 ( 2 ) , the proper construction of the qualification in that subsection requires that the Patent Office inquires into whether the inventive step resides in the contribution of the excluded matter alone .
on appeal to the patents court , it was held that where an invention involves any of the [not included] materials in section 1 ( 2 ) , the proper construction of the qualification in that subsection requires that the patent office inquires into whether the inventive step resides in the contribution of the [not included] matter alone .

If the inventive step comes only from the excluded material , then the invention is not patentable because of section 1 ( 2 ) .
if the inventive step comes only from the [not included] material , then the invention is not patentable because of section 1 ( 2 ) .

Certain things are excluded from registration such as a method or principle of construction or features of shape or configuration dictated solely by the function the article has to perform , or which depend upon the appearance of another article of which it is intended to form an integral part .
certain things are [not included] from registration such as a method or principle of construction or features of shape or configuration dictated solely by the function the article has to perform , or which depend upon the appearance of another article of which it is intended to form an integral part .

Methods or principles of construction are verging on patent law , whilst eye-appeal resulting from function , or from fitting with another article are excluded because it is an indirect effect .
methods or principles of construction are verging on patent law , whilst eye-appeal resulting from function , or from fitting with another article are [not included] because it is an indirect effect .

Copyright is thus excluded from the definition of goods .
copyright is thus [not included] from the definition of goods .

This is unfortunate as these implied terms are a very useful weapon for the buyer and , in the case of consumer sales , the implied terms can not be excluded or modified at all .
this is unfortunate as these implied terms are a very useful weapon for the buyer and , in the case of consumer sales , the implied terms can not be [not included] or modified at all .

In non-consumer sales the implicated terms can only be so excluded or modified if the terms purporting to do this are reasonable in accordance with the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 sections 5 to 7 .
in non-consumer sales the implicated terms can only be so [not included] or modified if the terms purporting to do this are reasonable in accordance with the unfair contract terms act 1977 sections 5 to 7 .

The defendants sought to rely on an exclusion clause which stated that liability for terms implied by statute was excluded ; one of these terms was that goods must comply with their description .
the defendants sought to rely on an exclusion clause which stated that liability for terms implied by statute was [not included] ; one of these terms was that goods must comply with their description .

The Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 limits the extent to which liability can be excluded or limited for breach of contract , or for negligence , or under the terms implied by the Sale of Goods Act 1979 and other legislation containing similar provisions , such as the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 .
the unfair contract terms act 1977 limits the extent to which liability can be [not included] or limited for breach of contract , or for negligence , or under the terms implied by the sale of goods act 1979 and other legislation containing similar provisions , such as the supply of goods and services act 1982 .

For example , business liability for death and personal injury resulting from negligence can not be excluded or limited at all by section 2 ( 1 ) and , in the case of other loss or damage , liability can only be excluded or restricted where the term or notice purporting to do this satisfies a test of reasonableness ; section 2 ( 2 ) .
for example , business liability for death and personal injury resulting from negligence can not be [not included] or limited at all by section 2 ( 1 ) and , in the case of other loss or damage , liability can only be [not included] or restricted where the term or notice purporting to do this satisfies a test of reasonableness ; section 2 ( 2 ) .

The vulgar Miller intrudes , and , with his fabliau and the nature of the genre and of fabliau language in mind , we can find some amusement in contemplating the possible sexual reading of `` `` unbokeled is the male `` `` , `` the purse is unbuckled `` , a vulgarity that the Host , playing the role given him at this point , would no doubt have considered excluded from his words .
the vulgar miller intrudes , and , with his fabliau and the nature of the genre and of fabliau language in mind , we can find some amusement in contemplating the possible sexual reading of `` `` unbokeled is the male `` `` , `` the purse is unbuckled `` , a vulgarity that the host , playing the role given him at this point , would no doubt have considered [not included] from his words .

The ape that Alison makes of Absolon , the excluded potential lover ( 3389 ) , re-emerges as John the clerk after Alayn has jumped into bed with Malyne ( 4202 ) , while throughout the night the miller , with his skull `` `` piled as an ape `` `` ( 3935 ) is left in the same position .
the ape that alison makes of absolon , the [not included] potential lover ( 3389 ) , re-emerges as john the clerk after alayn has jumped into bed with malyne ( 4202 ) , while throughout the night the miller , with his skull `` `` piled as an ape `` `` ( 3935 ) is left in the same position .

These are all signs of the new `` Greek serenity `` which excluded the Dionysiac and dominated the Greek world from Socrates onwards .
these are all signs of the new `` greek serenity `` which [not included] the dionysiac and dominated the greek world from socrates onwards .

When Taylor acquired his Coniston lease it excluded a small sett previously granted to one Mathew Spedding .
when taylor acquired his coniston lease it [not included] a small sett previously granted to one mathew spedding .

Mathew Spedding , it seems , was still working his small mine up on the fells somewhere , and again , his small sett was to be excluded .
mathew spedding , it seems , was still working his small mine up on the fells somewhere , and again , his small sett was to be [not included] .

Lack of robustness of the findings may be due to the relatively few numbers of still births in the interval classes and to other data problems , though the intervention of determinants that mediate the effect of birth interval , or some other factor can not be excluded either .
lack of robustness of the findings may be due to the relatively few numbers of still births in the interval classes and to other data problems , though the intervention of determinants that mediate the effect of birth interval , or some other factor can not be [not included] either .

( It is noteworthy that women known to have had hypertension in the first half of pregnancy were excluded from the analysis ) .
( it is noteworthy that women known to have had hypertension in the first half of pregnancy were [not included] from the analysis ) .

Refinements to the phantom chain include so-called self-avoiding walks ( s.a.w. ) , walks where there is a severe energy barrier when an excluded volume is approached , chains where realistic energy barriers to link rotation are coupled with realistic bond angles , and so on .
refinements to the phantom chain include so-called self-avoiding walks ( s.a.w. ) , walks where there is a severe energy barrier when an [not included] volume is approached , chains where realistic energy barriers to link rotation are coupled with realistic bond angles , and so on .

One was subsequently excluded because it proved impossible to advance the colonoscope as far as the anastomosis in this patient .
one was subsequently [not included] because it proved impossible to advance the colonoscope as far as the anastomosis in this patient .

If the patients studied at 15 and 29 months were excluded , there was no correlation between the number of months elapsed since a patient 's most recent attack and amylase secretion .
if the patients studied at 15 and 29 months were [not included] , there was no correlation between the number of months elapsed since a patient 's most recent attack and amylase secretion .

Our observations also indicate that in the presence of a lymphocytic colitis despite its continuing uncertain nosology , gluten sensitivity should always be excluded .
our observations also indicate that in the presence of a lymphocytic colitis despite its continuing uncertain nosology , gluten sensitivity should always be [not included] .

Patients with previous oesophageal or gastric surgery were excluded from the study .
patients with previous oesophageal or gastric surgery were [not included] from the study .

One patient was found to have Campylobacter jejuni infection , and was excluded from all analyses .
one patient was found to have campylobacter jejuni infection , and was [not included] from all analyses .

Forty six patients were excluded from the analysis according to protocol , 42 because of incorrect entry requirements ( 15 taking steroids at too high a dose at entry , 21 because symptoms were too mild , and six because disease extent was not established ) .
forty six patients were [not included] from the analysis according to protocol , 42 because of incorrect entry requirements ( 15 taking steroids at too high a dose at entry , 21 because symptoms were too mild , and six because disease extent was not established ) .

Four of the withdrawals ( see below ) were excluded .
four of the withdrawals ( see below ) were [not included] .

Eight patients with adenocarcinoma in Barrett 's oesophagus were excluded as well as 22 patients with a large , fixed intrathoracic hiatal hernia and three cases with paraoesophageal hernia .
eight patients with adenocarcinoma in barrett 's oesophagus were [not included] as well as 22 patients with a large , fixed intrathoracic hiatal hernia and three cases with paraoesophageal hernia .

Patients with symptoms of active colitis in the four weeks before attendance and those with a history of diabetes , hypertension , renal disease , or chronic analgesic ingestion were excluded .
patients with symptoms of active colitis in the four weeks before attendance and those with a history of diabetes , hypertension , renal disease , or chronic analgesic ingestion were [not included] .

We excluded this effect as sole explanation for the very low mucosal concentrations after Claversal 250 mg tablets or azo-bound drugs by comparing rectosigmoidal concentrations in patients with and without lavage .
we [not included] this effect as sole explanation for the very low mucosal concentrations after claversal 250 mg tablets or azo-bound drugs by comparing rectosigmoidal concentrations in patients with and without lavage .

This could imply that individuals with portal hypertension are protected against these degenerative vascular disorders but the possibility of a selection bias against referring patients with bleeding varices who have multiple non-hepatic pathologies can not be excluded .
this could imply that individuals with portal hypertension are protected against these degenerative vascular disorders but the possibility of a selection bias against referring patients with bleeding varices who have multiple non-hepatic pathologies can not be [not included] .

Recent studies involving measurement of both intracellular and canalicular pH in isolated rat hepatocyte couplets suggest that ursodeoxycholic acid does not directly activate acid base transport systems in hepatocytes ( although an effect on bile ductular cells has yet to be excluded ) .
recent studies involving measurement of both intracellular and canalicular ph in isolated rat hepatocyte couplets suggest that ursodeoxycholic acid does not directly activate acid base transport systems in hepatocytes ( although an effect on bile ductular cells has yet to be [not included] ) .

Adenocarcinomas arising from Barrett 's epithelium were excluded .
adenocarcinomas arising from barrett 's epithelium were [not included] .

Patients with previous cholecystitis diagnosed by scintigraphic examination of the gall bladder were excluded .
patients with previous cholecystitis diagnosed by scintigraphic examination of the gall bladder were [not included] .

Of the 68 patients entered , two were retrospectively excluded from analysis : one patient had an incompletely healed ulcer at the time of entry , and the other had a substantial prepyloric ulcer associated with small duodenal erosions .
of the 68 patients entered , two were retrospectively [not included] from analysis : one patient had an incompletely healed ulcer at the time of entry , and the other had a substantial prepyloric ulcer associated with small duodenal erosions .

As a result of the cell heterogeneity of biopsy specimens , however , it can not be excluded that inflammatory cells , widely infiltrating the mucosa of coeliac disease patients who have not been treated , also contribute to the changes of cyclic nucleotide metabolism .
as a result of the cell heterogeneity of biopsy specimens , however , it can not be [not included] that inflammatory cells , widely infiltrating the mucosa of coeliac disease patients who have not been treated , also contribute to the changes of cyclic nucleotide metabolism .

So that no subject had to be excluded because of duodenogastric bile reflux .
so that no subject had to be [not included] because of duodenogastric bile reflux .

Rises in basal oesophageal pressure due to straining or breath holding were excluded by recognition of similar rises in the gastric pressure tracing , whereas true oesophageal body common cavity episodes were not associated with a comparable change of intragastric pressure ( Fig 2 ) .
rises in basal oesophageal pressure due to straining or breath holding were [not included] by recognition of similar rises in the gastric pressure tracing , whereas true oesophageal body common cavity episodes were not associated with a comparable change of intragastric pressure ( fig 2 ) .

The lactose malabsorption shown in 10 patients probably reflects mucosal damage , as small intestinal bacterial overgrowth was essentially excluded and all of the patients were white .
the lactose malabsorption shown in 10 patients probably reflects mucosal damage , as small intestinal bacterial overgrowth was essentially [not included] and all of the patients were white .

Patients were excluded from the study if they were pregnant or lactating , if they were expecting to undergo surgery , or if they had a history of concurrent gastric ulceration , renal insufficiency , alcoholism ( pure ethanol intake greater than 100 ml/day ( women ) or 120 ml/day ( men ) , or behaviour consistent with alcohol abuse ) , drug abuse , or language difficulties .
patients were [not included] from the study if they were pregnant or lactating , if they were expecting to undergo surgery , or if they had a history of concurrent gastric ulceration , renal insufficiency , alcoholism ( pure ethanol intake greater than 100 ml/day ( women ) or 120 ml/day ( men ) , or behaviour consistent with alcohol abuse ) , drug abuse , or language difficulties .

Data were available for 1923 patients after 186 ( 8.8 % ) patients had been excluded for one or more of the following reasons : healing not documented ( 66 patients ) , patient 's first ulcer ( 61 ) , ulcer diameter less than 5 mm ( 39 ) , supplementary ulcer medication ( 23 ) , alcohol abuse ( six ) , patient under 18 years old ( three ) , patient did not take medication ( three ) , ulcer not verified endoscopically ( one ) , anastomotic ulcer ( one ) , gastric ulcer ( one ) , bleeding ulcer at enrolment ( one ) .
data were available for 1923 patients after 186 ( 8.8 % ) patients had been [not included] for one or more of the following reasons : healing not documented ( 66 patients ) , patient 's first ulcer ( 61 ) , ulcer diameter less than 5 mm ( 39 ) , supplementary ulcer medication ( 23 ) , alcohol abuse ( six ) , patient under 18 years old ( three ) , patient did not take medication ( three ) , ulcer not verified endoscopically ( one ) , anastomotic ulcer ( one ) , gastric ulcer ( one ) , bleeding ulcer at enrolment ( one ) .

Thirty eight of these were excluded from this study .
thirty eight of these were [not included] from this study .

Patients developing such features ( n=6 ) were excluded from the study and gradually weaned onto a normal unrestricted diet .
patients developing such features ( n=6 ) were [not included] from the study and gradually weaned onto a normal unrestricted diet .

Subjects were excluded from the study if they suffered from any debilitating or life threatening disease , including invasive cancer .
subjects were [not included] from the study if they suffered from any debilitating or life threatening disease , including invasive cancer .

Patients with familial polyposis coli , inflammatory bowel disease , malabsorption syndrome , or a personal history of colonic resection were excluded .
patients with familial polyposis coli , inflammatory bowel disease , malabsorption syndrome , or a personal history of colonic resection were [not included] .

Subjects with an incomplete examination of the large bowel , severe dysplasia , or carcinoma in situ were excluded .
subjects with an incomplete examination of the large bowel , severe dysplasia , or carcinoma in situ were [not included] .

In contrast with other vitamin supplementation studies , this study assessed the effect of single vitamin supplements only , the study was prospective with a control group , subjects with familial polyposis coli were excluded and subjects were sequentially assigned to each group .
in contrast with other vitamin supplementation studies , this study assessed the effect of single vitamin supplements only , the study was prospective with a control group , subjects with familial polyposis coli were [not included] and subjects were sequentially assigned to each group .

Three patients were excluded from the subsequent analysis as anaemia ( haemoglobin < 13 g/100 ml men , < 11.5 g/100 ml women ) was not confirmed at the hospital or on reviewing the family practitioners ' investigations .
three patients were [not included] from the subsequent analysis as anaemia ( haemoglobin < 13 g/100 ml men , < 11.5 g/100 ml women ) was not confirmed at the hospital or on reviewing the family practitioners ' investigations .

Those having emergency gastroscopy were excluded .
those having emergency gastroscopy were [not included] .

Three patiets were lost to follow up and have been excluded from the analysis of survival .
three patiets were lost to follow up and have been [not included] from the analysis of survival .

Patients dying as a result of postoperative complications ( within 30 days ) were excluded from the survival analysis .
patients dying as a result of postoperative complications ( within 30 days ) were [not included] from the survival analysis .

Although fragmentation of slightly calcified stones in the gall bladder has been described , usually these patients were excluded from shock wave lithotripsy .
although fragmentation of slightly calcified stones in the gall bladder has been described , usually these patients were [not included] from shock wave lithotripsy .

Patients were excluded from the study if ( 1 ) they were unable or unwilling to give written informed consent , ( 2 ) had bleeding tendency ( platelet count ≤50000/mm , prothrombin time less than 30% , or taking anticoagulants ) , ( 3 ) had a non-bleeding visible vessel , ( 4 ) had a bleeding gastric cancer , or ( 5 ) had more than one bleeding source .
patients were [not included] from the study if ( 1 ) they were unable or unwilling to give written informed consent , ( 2 ) had bleeding tendency ( platelet count ≤50000/mm , prothrombin time less than 30% , or taking anticoagulants ) , ( 3 ) had a non-bleeding visible vessel , ( 4 ) had a bleeding gastric cancer , or ( 5 ) had more than one bleeding source .

For this report we excluded patients who had disease states that placed limitations on the act of defecation such as hypotonia , cerebral palsy , and severe mental retardation and patients who were less than 6 years at the time of follow up , because our intend was to evaluate outcome in school age children .
for this report we [not included] patients who had disease states that placed limitations on the act of defecation such as hypotonia , cerebral palsy , and severe mental retardation and patients who were less than 6 years at the time of follow up , because our intend was to evaluate outcome in school age children .

Coronary disease as the cause of retrosternal symptoms was excluded in all cases by exercise electrocardiography .
coronary disease as the cause of retrosternal symptoms was [not included] in all cases by exercise electrocardiography .

The next year she was admitted to the coronary care unit and myocardial infarction was excluded .
the next year she was admitted to the coronary care unit and myocardial infarction was [not included] .

The familial form can not be excluded , however , without full investigation of other family members , which is not possible here .
the familial form can not be [not included] , however , without full investigation of other family members , which is not possible here .

Subjects who had recently taken antibiotics or ulcer medication , including antacids , were excluded .
subjects who had recently taken antibiotics or ulcer medication , including antacids , were [not included] .

Patients who presented as emergencies were excluded , as were patients treated during the same period of time with cancers arising in a background of familial Polyposis coli or long standing ulcerative colitis .
patients who presented as emergencies were [not included] , as were patients treated during the same period of time with cancers arising in a background of familial polyposis coli or long standing ulcerative colitis .

Patients aged > 80 years and those with oesophageal stricture , history of upper gastrointestinal surgery , or other serious coexistent medical conditions were excluded .
patients aged > 80 years and those with oesophageal stricture , history of upper gastrointestinal surgery , or other serious coexistent medical conditions were [not included] .

Data from one patient at the first stage and another one at the second stage and from two volunteers had to be excluded because of appreciable probe drift , apparent at probe calibration after the test .
data from one patient at the first stage and another one at the second stage and from two volunteers had to be [not included] because of appreciable probe drift , apparent at probe calibration after the test .

Any episodes of failed peristalsis were excluded from further analysis of the peristaltic wave characteristics .
any episodes of failed peristalsis were [not included] from further analysis of the peristaltic wave characteristics .

Patients were excluded if they had a systemic illness requiring treatment or were currently being treated with antiulcer agents .
patients were [not included] if they had a systemic illness requiring treatment or were currently being treated with antiulcer agents .

Since there were no differences between the groups , data were combined for correlations between elements , except for iron which was excluded because of the unavoidable endoscopic contamination ( see below ) .
since there were no differences between the groups , data were combined for correlations between elements , except for iron which was [not included] because of the unavoidable endoscopic contamination ( see below ) .

Nineteen patients were excluded for various reasons .
nineteen patients were [not included] for various reasons .

Nineteen patients were excluded .
nineteen patients were [not included] .

Insufficient data on survival ( patients admitted only for the management of the acute bleeding ) or incomplete medical records excluded seven patients ; 12 other patients were not studied because of prehepatic portal hypertension ( four ) , associated hepatocellular carcinoma or other neoplasms ( seven ) , or previous shunting ( one ) .
insufficient data on survival ( patients admitted only for the management of the acute bleeding ) or incomplete medical records [not included] seven patients ; 12 other patients were not studied because of prehepatic portal hypertension ( four ) , associated hepatocellular carcinoma or other neoplasms ( seven ) , or previous shunting ( one ) .

The first using the Pugh score alone as independant variable ( Pugh model ) and , the second , including all variables ( Pugh excluded ) achieving a statistical significance of p < 0.1 in univariate analysis using χ 2 tests ( current model ) .
the first using the pugh score alone as independant variable ( pugh model ) and , the second , including all variables ( pugh [not included] ) achieving a statistical significance of p < 0.1 in univariate analysis using χ 2 tests ( current model ) .

In addition , all ‘ indeterminate cases ’ were excluded from consideration .
in addition , all ‘ indeterminate cases ’ were [not included] from consideration .

Gastric ulcers caused by steroids and non-steroidal anti inflammatory drugs were excluded .
gastric ulcers caused by steroids and non-steroidal anti inflammatory drugs were [not included] .

Patients with a carcinoma of the cardia were excluded .
patients with a carcinoma of the cardia were [not included] .

Patients with abnormal liver function tests , gall stones , previous cholecystectomy , or hepatic metastases were excluded .
patients with abnormal liver function tests , gall stones , previous cholecystectomy , or hepatic metastases were [not included] .

Any patients who had taken antibiotics within the three months before entering the study , or other medication likely to affect bile acid metabolism , were also excluded .
any patients who had taken antibiotics within the three months before entering the study , or other medication likely to affect bile acid metabolism , were also [not included] .

Data from patients in the control group requiring oxygen during the procedure were excluded from the point where relative SaO 2 levels became positive .
data from patients in the control group requiring oxygen during the procedure were [not included] from the point where relative sao 2 levels became positive .

Endoscopic relief was difficult and because malignancy had not been totally excluded a laparotomy was performed .
endoscopic relief was difficult and because malignancy had not been totally [not included] a laparotomy was performed .

Patients with secondary involvement of the stomach by non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma were therefore excluded .
patients with secondary involvement of the stomach by non-hodgkin 's lymphoma were therefore [not included] .

By conventional criteria , it is excluded by ( a ) the presence of biliary tract calculi , ( b ) a history of previous biliary tract surgery , and ( c ) the presence of a cholangiocarcinoma .
by conventional criteria , it is [not included] by ( a ) the presence of biliary tract calculi , ( b ) a history of previous biliary tract surgery , and ( c ) the presence of a cholangiocarcinoma .

Patients or controls with a history of diseases in which hyposplenism has been reported were excluded ( coeliac disease , inflammatory bowel disease , thyrotoxicosis , rheumatoid arthritis and connective tissue diseases including systemic lupus erythematosus ) .
patients or controls with a history of diseases in which hyposplenism has been reported were [not included] ( coeliac disease , inflammatory bowel disease , thyrotoxicosis , rheumatoid arthritis and connective tissue diseases including systemic lupus erythematosus ) .

Seventeen of these had died — 15 with alcoholic liver disease ( 14 not abstinent , one abstinent patient in whom coexistent disease excluded transplantation ) , and two patients aged 73 and 86 years with cryptogenic cirrhosis were not fit for transplantation .
seventeen of these had died — 15 with alcoholic liver disease ( 14 not abstinent , one abstinent patient in whom coexistent disease [not included] transplantation ) , and two patients aged 73 and 86 years with cryptogenic cirrhosis were not fit for transplantation .

We excluded 12 patients because no definite diagnosis of ulcerative colitis or Crohn 's disease could be made at the time of testing .
we [not included] 12 patients because no definite diagnosis of ulcerative colitis or crohn 's disease could be made at the time of testing .

Sera from patients positive for antinuclear antibodies were also excluded ( 15 % in ulcerative colitis ; 8.5 % in Crohn 's disease ) .
sera from patients positive for antinuclear antibodies were also [not included] ( 15 % in ulcerative colitis ; 8.5 % in crohn 's disease ) .

If further research shows that some of these patients are clinically gluten sensitive ( and we already have some evidence to support this ) , then by implication , the previous definition of coeliac disease ( a flat mucosa ) may have excluded up to half of symptomatic patients , referred for jejunal biopsy , who would benefit clinically from a gluten free diet .
if further research shows that some of these patients are clinically gluten sensitive ( and we already have some evidence to support this ) , then by implication , the previous definition of coeliac disease ( a flat mucosa ) may have [not included] up to half of symptomatic patients , referred for jejunal biopsy , who would benefit clinically from a gluten free diet .

Patients with abnormal findings at endoscopy or who had had previous surgery were excluded from the study .
patients with abnormal findings at endoscopy or who had had previous surgery were [not included] from the study .

Hyacinth felt excluded from it all , and rather wished she had waited for Carole Swan , or for Angela Cartwright , the delegation 's leader .
hyacinth felt [not included] from it all , and rather wished she had waited for carole swan , or for angela cartwright , the delegation 's leader .

His results indicated that in 88 per cent of the 539 ( this represents a subset of the sample of 671 referred to previously , the missing 132 issues arising because the dates of the underwriting contracts could not be firmly established so that they were excluded from the tests ) issues studied , the underwriters earned positive excess returns .
his results indicated that in 88 per cent of the 539 ( this represents a subset of the sample of 671 referred to previously , the missing 132 issues arising because the dates of the underwriting contracts could not be firmly established so that they were [not included] from the tests ) issues studied , the underwriters earned positive excess returns .

Because we had evidence that memories of the exercise tended to fade quickly , it was decided to exclude schools which had submitted reports at the very earliest stage ( autumn 1980 to summer 1981 ) , and schools which were not due to submit reports until the last stage of the first cycle ( autumn 1985 to early 1986 ) were also excluded because they could not be expected to have made much of a start on the process .
because we had evidence that memories of the exercise tended to fade quickly , it was decided to exclude schools which had submitted reports at the very earliest stage ( autumn 1980 to summer 1981 ) , and schools which were not due to submit reports until the last stage of the first cycle ( autumn 1985 to early 1986 ) were also [not included] because they could not be expected to have made much of a start on the process .

Where a defendant was charged with committing an act of gross indecency with a co-defendant who had pleaded guilty to a charge of gross indecency with the appellant , evidence of the co-defendant 's plea of guilty , although relevant , should have been excluded from the jury , since such evidence would have an adverse effect on the fairness of the proceedings against the defendant as the jury was likely to treat it as going to prove the defendant 's guilt .
where a defendant was charged with committing an act of gross indecency with a co-defendant who had pleaded guilty to a charge of gross indecency with the appellant , evidence of the co-defendant 's plea of guilty , although relevant , should have been [not included] from the jury , since such evidence would have an adverse effect on the fairness of the proceedings against the defendant as the jury was likely to treat it as going to prove the defendant 's guilt .

The appellant appealed on the ground that the co-defendant 's plea of guilty should have been excluded by the trial judge in the exercise of his discretion under section 78(1) of the 1984 Act .
the appellant appealed on the ground that the co-defendant 's plea of guilty should have been [not included] by the trial judge in the exercise of his discretion under section 78(1) of the 1984 act .

If no candidate wins more than half the first preference votes , the candidate with the fewest first preference votes is excluded , and his or her votes are transferred to the remaining candidates , according to the voters ' second preferences .
if no candidate wins more than half the first preference votes , the candidate with the fewest first preference votes is [not included] , and his or her votes are transferred to the remaining candidates , according to the voters ' second preferences .

Excluded , naturally , from the better parties , some of them would attempt to get on terms with their social superiors by bursting in with a search warrant in one hand and evidence in another , which they would produce from nowhere like cabaret artists plucking doves out of the air .
[not included] , naturally , from the better parties , some of them would attempt to get on terms with their social superiors by bursting in with a search warrant in one hand and evidence in another , which they would produce from nowhere like cabaret artists plucking doves out of the air .

However , the pursuit of an accident claim as a car driver is excluded .
however , the pursuit of an accident claim as a car driver is [not included] .

Mr Torode says he was told that those supporting the Government 's views on blasphemy were excluded .
mr torode says he was told that those supporting the government 's views on blasphemy were [not included] .

Pigs were excluded in all forests during the fence month .
pigs were [not included] in all forests during the fence month .

Some districts which had been forest in 1300 were however excluded in 1641 .
some districts which had been forest in 1300 were however [not included] in 1641 .

The legal entitlement to common of pasture was defined by the ‘ couchant and levant rule ’ — that is to say , commoners were allowed common for no more cattle than they could keep on their own land during the winter months when they were excluded from the forest .
the legal entitlement to common of pasture was defined by the ‘ couchant and levant rule ’ — that is to say , commoners were allowed common for no more cattle than they could keep on their own land during the winter months when they were [not included] from the forest .

The French were to be excluded from offices in Scotland — and Scottish noblemen must reject French pensions .
the french were to be [not included] from offices in scotland — and scottish noblemen must reject french pensions .

The Sons of Temperance , a secret American Temperance body , had excluded Negroes .
the sons of temperance , a secret american temperance body , had [not included] negroes .

To permit absolute fidelity to the fragmentisation process , texture and surface colour were largely excluded from the paintings .
to permit absolute fidelity to the fragmentisation process , texture and surface colour were largely [not included] from the paintings .

There are few children who do not experience the death of a much-loved grandparent or pet when they are quite young , and yet so often they are excluded from all the changes that go on at the time of a grandparent 's death , as though in some way this will leave them unaffected .
there are few children who do not experience the death of a much-loved grandparent or pet when they are quite young , and yet so often they are [not included] from all the changes that go on at the time of a grandparent 's death , as though in some way this will leave them unaffected .

She felt excluded from their world even though she could not have been better informed ; the trouble was Ferdinando still belonged to that world .
she felt [not included] from their world even though she could not have been better informed ; the trouble was ferdinando still belonged to that world .

Hitler was by no means altogether excluded from the angry storm of criticism which arose from the ‘ crucifix action ’ .
hitler was by no means altogether [not included] from the angry storm of criticism which arose from the ‘ crucifix action ’ .

The ‘ crucifix action ’ was one of the first indicators that massive criticism of the Party no longer necessarily excluded Hitler .
the ‘ crucifix action ’ was one of the first indicators that massive criticism of the party no longer necessarily [not included] hitler .

She even found time to return to London for appearances on top pop shows where she revealed she was angry about the way under 14s had been excluded from her concerts .
she even found time to return to london for appearances on top pop shows where she revealed she was angry about the way under 14s had been [not included] from her concerts .

The account which follows is pieced together from different sources : uncorroborated details are excluded and some motivations remain obscure .
the account which follows is pieced together from different sources : uncorroborated details are [not included] and some motivations remain obscure .

Foreign labour was cheaper than Libyan , and it was excluded from the benefits of socialist legislation , in particular from the provision that workers could take over the private businesses for which they worked .
foreign labour was cheaper than libyan , and it was [not included] from the benefits of socialist legislation , in particular from the provision that workers could take over the private businesses for which they worked .

That did not happen to the drill in question , used for bringing up deep water , because the workers were foreigners , excluded from the provisions of the law .
that did not happen to the drill in question , used for bringing up deep water , because the workers were foreigners , [not included] from the provisions of the law .

It is implausible to imagine that a man , or a group , would refrain from winning an argument simply because a principle of statelessness excluded contact with external authority .
it is implausible to imagine that a man , or a group , would refrain from winning an argument simply because a principle of statelessness [not included] contact with external authority .

The other lineage , which supplied the officers to the local branch office of the department , had unjustly excluded his men from government subsidies to agriculture .
the other lineage , which supplied the officers to the local branch office of the department , had unjustly [not included] his men from government subsidies to agriculture .

At most only four Zuwaya employed more than ten people on a regular basis , and most wealthy Suwaya entrepreneurs , say seventy men altogether , had placed their money in partnerships rather than in wage-paying firms ; employees were generally foreigners excluded from the right to take over factories and workshops .
at most only four zuwaya employed more than ten people on a regular basis , and most wealthy suwaya entrepreneurs , say seventy men altogether , had placed their money in partnerships rather than in wage-paying firms ; employees were generally foreigners [not included] from the right to take over factories and workshops .

Nevertheless , we felt we were missing something , that we were excluded from a wider world .
nevertheless , we felt we were missing something , that we were [not included] from a wider world .

The delay in Britain would have been greater had long-wait specialities such as skin disease not been excluded to allow inter-country comparisons , Dr Douglas Fleming , head of the college 's Birmingham unit , said last night .
the delay in britain would have been greater had long-wait specialities such as skin disease not been [not included] to allow inter-country comparisons , dr douglas fleming , head of the college 's birmingham unit , said last night .

How on earth does he expect the exile clubs of London Scottish and Irish to survive if they are not included in the English league system ? When the leagues go home and away within the next two years these clubs would be left with approximately six Saturdays of rugby per season if excluded .
how on earth does he expect the exile clubs of london scottish and irish to survive if they are not included in the english league system ? when the leagues go home and away within the next two years these clubs would be left with approximately six saturdays of rugby per season if [not included] .

Women , though at one time excluded from most public functions , were never by reason merely of their sex in a substantially different position from men as regards criminal liability , property and contract , if we except the rule ( now nearly obsolete ) which prefers males to females in the succession to real estate on intestacy .
women , though at one time [not included] from most public functions , were never by reason merely of their sex in a substantially different position from men as regards criminal liability , property and contract , if we except the rule ( now nearly obsolete ) which prefers males to females in the succession to real estate on intestacy .

those who are not British citizens , are excluded from public office and public functions such as the parliamentary franchise .
those who are not british citizens , are [not included] from public office and public functions such as the parliamentary franchise .

The ‘ some information ’ turned out to be nine specific subjects in research and development fields , which , though useful , excluded anything to do with weapons .
the ‘ some information ’ turned out to be nine specific subjects in research and development fields , which , though useful , [not included] anything to do with weapons .

So — in the year in which we 've forced the text-centred discipline that is rock writing to incorporate everything that it has excluded for so long ( the relationship between the star 's body and the fan 's , the voice , the materiality of music ) — maybe it 's time to make criticism grapple with what undoes it , ‘ the uncritical ’ itself .
so — in the year in which we 've forced the text-centred discipline that is rock writing to incorporate everything that it has [not included] for so long ( the relationship between the star 's body and the fan 's , the voice , the materiality of music ) — maybe it 's time to make criticism grapple with what undoes it , ‘ the uncritical ’ itself .

For those excluded from status and opportunity ( blacks , women , gays etc ) being strong , becoming the subject of your life , these are crucial goals .
for those [not included] from status and opportunity ( blacks , women , gays etc ) being strong , becoming the subject of your life , these are crucial goals .

Clean air is an example of non-excludability : if some people incur costs to avoid pollution , those who do not pay can not be excluded from the benefits .
clean air is an example of non-excludability : if some people incur costs to avoid pollution , those who do not pay can not be [not included] from the benefits .

She felt excluded .
she felt [not included] .

But even if such issues are excluded , there were far more downgrades than upgrades , and many more than in 1989 .
but even if such issues are [not included] , there were far more downgrades than upgrades , and many more than in 1989 .

It made a good reason for those excluded to dislike Miss Morgan , but it had been true any time these past two years .
it made a good reason for those [not included] to dislike miss morgan , but it had been true any time these past two years .

However , since young men are largely excluded from welfare benefits , they are best helped by programmes other than welfare reform .
however , since young men are largely [not included] from welfare benefits , they are best helped by programmes other than welfare reform .

It should then tax all of that as personal income , less the proportion of the car 's annual mileage demonstrably clocked up on company business — commuting excluded .
it should then tax all of that as personal income , less the proportion of the car 's annual mileage demonstrably clocked up on company business — commuting [not included] .

He had asked the court for a ruling after Judge Robert Lymbery and Judge Kenneth Machin excluded the public from pre-trial hearings in September .
he had asked the court for a ruling after judge robert lymbery and judge kenneth machin [not included] the public from pre-trial hearings in september .

Lord Lane said it was clear the public could be excluded from court only if it was strictly necessary .
lord lane said it was clear the public could be [not included] from court only if it was strictly necessary .

Shortly before his death , Mr Hancock had added a codicil stipulating that if either woman contested the will , she would automatically be excluded as a beneficiary .
shortly before his death , mr hancock had added a codicil stipulating that if either woman contested the will , she would automatically be [not included] as a beneficiary .

England are also excluded — the cup is strictly for amateurs — but Italy , Malta , Belgium and Greece will be padding up .
england are also [not included] — the cup is strictly for amateurs — but italy , malta , belgium and greece will be padding up .

Anyone who comes to that debate mithering about standing up instead of sitting down or worried about the fate of Aldershot Football Club should be excluded on the grounds that he has not yet understood the difference between the future and tomorrow .
anyone who comes to that debate mithering about standing up instead of sitting down or worried about the fate of aldershot football club should be [not included] on the grounds that he has not yet understood the difference between the future and tomorrow .

The standard was high and excluded foul language .
the standard was high and [not included] foul language .

Conservation groups pointed out that the Commission was studying the wrong forests ( its own and its younger plantations ) and had deliberately excluded the trees which , on the basis of continental experience , would be most at risk .
conservation groups pointed out that the commission was studying the wrong forests ( its own and its younger plantations ) and had deliberately [not included] the trees which , on the basis of continental experience , would be most at risk .

Those at the edges of a stand or in an exposed position were excluded .
those at the edges of a stand or in an exposed position were [not included] .

Laurent Fabius has bemoaned the fact that deputés are usually excluded from policy-making committee .
laurent fabius has bemoaned the fact that deputés are usually [not included] from policy-making committee .

for loss of or damage to property belonging to or held in trust by or in the custody or control of the Insured Person ( other that self catering accommodation where only the first £50 of any loss or damage is excluded ) ;
for loss of or damage to property belonging to or held in trust by or in the custody or control of the insured person ( other that self catering accommodation where only the first £50 of any loss or damage is [not included] ) ;

If management , as usually conceived , attempts to mediate this role it will either fail utterly because it will be excluded by the people involved , or it will have distorting effects which can only be dysfunctional .
if management , as usually conceived , attempts to mediate this role it will either fail utterly because it will be [not included] by the people involved , or it will have distorting effects which can only be dysfunctional .

The excluded males range over large areas on the outskirts of the little community .
the [not included] males range over large areas on the outskirts of the little community .

Since many males are excluded from the area where the females are , there is competition between young upstarts and older territory-owners for access to the areas of females .
since many males are [not included] from the area where the females are , there is competition between young upstarts and older territory-owners for access to the areas of females .

But Britain refused to accept the damaging Social Chapter proposed by other Europeans , and it was excluded from the Maastricht treaty .
but britain refused to accept the damaging social chapter proposed by other europeans , and it was [not included] from the maastricht treaty .

We will ensure that unfair terms are excluded and will discourage investment to protect in-house services when better , more cost effective services are available through the private sector .
we will ensure that unfair terms are [not included] and will discourage investment to protect in-house services when better , more cost effective services are available through the private sector .

Philosophers must therefore be excluded in the way that historians have been excluded .
philosophers must therefore be [not included] in the way that historians have been [not included] .

If God 's existence is only a probability , that invites an element of commitment in believing which is excluded by certainty .
if god 's existence is only a probability , that invites an element of commitment in believing which is [not included] by certainty .

The following documents , which are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the Company on any weekday ( Saturdays and public holidays excluded ) from the date of this Notice until the date of the Annual General Meeting , will also be available for inspection at the place of the Annual General Meeting from 12.30 pm on the day of the Meeting until the conclusion of the Meeting :
the following documents , which are available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the company on any weekday ( saturdays and public holidays [not included] ) from the date of this notice until the date of the annual general meeting , will also be available for inspection at the place of the annual general meeting from 12.30 pm on the day of the meeting until the conclusion of the meeting :

* Except those claims arising from Subsidence , where the special conditions apply , or from Fire or Property Owners Liability , where the first £50 will not be excluded .
* except those claims arising from subsidence , where the special conditions apply , or from fire or property owners liability , where the first £50 will not be [not included] .

In respect of each individually insured private dwelling house maisonette apartment or flat and its outbuildings the amount excluded shall be limited to £500
in respect of each individually insured private dwelling house maisonette apartment or flat and its outbuildings the amount [not included] shall be limited to £500

The £50 excess will not apply to : Buildings — claims arising from subsidence , where the special conditions apply , or from Fire or Property Owners ' liability , where the first £50 will not be excluded .
the £50 excess will not apply to : buildings — claims arising from subsidence , where the special conditions apply , or from fire or property owners ' liability , where the first £50 will not be [not included] .

any damage specifically excluded under Paragraphs 1–13 of this Section
any damage specifically [not included] under paragraphs 1–13 of this section

War risks , suicide and self-inflicted injuries are excluded together with any disability caused by pregnancy .
war risks , suicide and self-inflicted injuries are [not included] together with any disability caused by pregnancy .

Alcoholism and drug abuse are also excluded .
alcoholism and drug abuse are also [not included] .

She disliked the intimacy he showed towards some of them , was resentful of the memories they shared of which she was not a part , and felt excluded .
she disliked the intimacy he showed towards some of them , was resentful of the memories they shared of which she was not a part , and felt [not included] .

The Bishop of Durham , the Right Rev David Jenkins , asked why good , caring and conscientious priests opposed to ordination of women should trouble collective consciences more than the women excluded from the ministry , who were being treated ‘ more and more as pawns in a political game ’ .
the bishop of durham , the right rev david jenkins , asked why good , caring and conscientious priests opposed to ordination of women should trouble collective consciences more than the women [not included] from the ministry , who were being treated ‘ more and more as pawns in a political game ’ .

This indicates that a rhythmic environment is not needed , but a possible effect from the rhythmic social and suckling influences of the mother has not been excluded .
this indicates that a rhythmic environment is not needed , but a possible effect from the rhythmic social and suckling influences of the mother has not been [not included] .

The product adopted for this task was a laminated bitumen and polyethylene sheet material which demands very careful attention to the formation of joints between sheets if groundwater penetration is to be entirely excluded .
the product adopted for this task was a laminated bitumen and polyethylene sheet material which demands very careful attention to the formation of joints between sheets if groundwater penetration is to be entirely [not included] .

Even if Republican members could somehow be excluded from sensitive parliamentary posts , their presence would embarrass both the Bundestag and the Federal Republic as a whole .
even if republican members could somehow be [not included] from sensitive parliamentary posts , their presence would embarrass both the bundestag and the federal republic as a whole .

Officially , those of you excluded from the league of designers are not meant to join in this day-long visual and alimentary orgy .
officially , those of you [not included] from the league of designers are not meant to join in this day-long visual and alimentary orgy .

French-style café-bars have been a runaway success over here because they address a market which had previously been actively excluded by the ‘ pub tradition ’ — namely women .
french-style café-bars have been a runaway success over here because they address a market which had previously been actively [not included] by the ‘ pub tradition ’ — namely women .

This does not mean however that mental processes are in some way divorced from the physical world , nor does it mean that they should be excluded from the subject matter of natural science .
this does not mean however that mental processes are in some way divorced from the physical world , nor does it mean that they should be [not included] from the subject matter of natural science .

In any case , the practical attitude clearly excluded the protestant population of the island and left protestant loyalists in no ambiguity as to their place in any future united Ireland .
in any case , the practical attitude clearly [not included] the protestant population of the island and left protestant loyalists in no ambiguity as to their place in any future united ireland .

The death penalty was excluded from the Brazilian Penal Code in 1890 and its abolition is enshrined in the 1988 Constitution .
the death penalty was [not included] from the brazilian penal code in 1890 and its abolition is enshrined in the 1988 constitution .

As with all the sexually transmitted diseases , the possibility of other concurrent infection must be considered and excluded .
as with all the sexually transmitted diseases , the possibility of other concurrent infection must be considered and [not included] .

Gonorrhoea can not be excluded in the female unless the rectum has been examined , and for this purpose a proctoscope , somewhat smaller than the vaginal speculum , is passed into the rectum so that samples can be taken for microscopy and culture .
gonorrhoea can not be [not included] in the female unless the rectum has been examined , and for this purpose a proctoscope , somewhat smaller than the vaginal speculum , is passed into the rectum so that samples can be taken for microscopy and culture .

But ethnicity is also an option for whites who feel neglected or excluded : — ‘ The Spades have got their own culture ’ , said Mickey , an East Londoner in his 30 's .
but ethnicity is also an option for whites who feel neglected or [not included] : — ‘ the spades have got their own culture ’ , said mickey , an east londoner in his 30 's .

We gain a wide vision of God , so that narrowness and meanness are excluded from our relationships with God and others .
we gain a wide vision of god , so that narrowness and meanness are [not included] from our relationships with god and others .

It is therefore important that the heap is built of layers of vegetable and animal wastes , evenly distributed and not compressed or trodden to a point where air is excluded .
it is therefore important that the heap is built of layers of vegetable and animal wastes , evenly distributed and not compressed or trodden to a point where air is [not included] .

It gave them a new sense of opening opportunity , a new reason for raising standards and expectations , new cause to doubt the wisdom of a system which excluded many children from the chance of a full academic education from the age of eleven , and a new hope .
it gave them a new sense of opening opportunity , a new reason for raising standards and expectations , new cause to doubt the wisdom of a system which [not included] many children from the chance of a full academic education from the age of eleven , and a new hope .

Excluded from showing and breeding are :
[not included] from showing and breeding are :

Mr Fowler added that in the Government 's even-handed approach to employment , people would have the right to belong to a union and could not be excluded from a job on the grounds that they were trade unionists .
mr fowler added that in the government 's even-handed approach to employment , people would have the right to belong to a union and could not be [not included] from a job on the grounds that they were trade unionists .

For instance , it prevented people from being excluded from trade union membership and he denied that this clause was in because of the European Social Charter .
for instance , it prevented people from being [not included] from trade union membership and he denied that this clause was in because of the european social charter .

Videotaped interviews should only be excluded if admitting them would be contrary to the interests of justice .
videotaped interviews should only be [not included] if admitting them would be contrary to the interests of justice .

Cross-examination by defence lawyers should also be videotaped at an informal hearing before trial , with the press and public excluded .
cross-examination by defence lawyers should also be videotaped at an informal hearing before trial , with the press and public [not included] .

The second part of the festival , which resulted in the final performance , raised vital questions about the way women relate to one another when they are free to make real choices . The kind of arguments that have challenged the women 's movement over 20 years had to be confronted in a practical manner : were the existing hierarchies justifiable ? Should women technicians once again be relegated to a lower rung of the ladder ? Why were women of colour excluded ? What was the proper role of the director in a truly egalitarian company of women ?
the second part of the festival , which resulted in the final performance , raised vital questions about the way women relate to one another when they are free to make real choices . the kind of arguments that have challenged the women 's movement over 20 years had to be confronted in a practical manner : were the existing hierarchies justifiable ? should women technicians once again be relegated to a lower rung of the ladder ? why were women of colour [not included] ? what was the proper role of the director in a truly egalitarian company of women ?

But otherwise he preferred the system at Durham , where the teaching unit was powerful , to the system he knew at Cambridge , where the social unit was powerful yet excluded the spouses .
but otherwise he preferred the system at durham , where the teaching unit was powerful , to the system he knew at cambridge , where the social unit was powerful yet [not included] the spouses .

Even now people can be excluded or detained literally because an Immigration Officer says he is ‘ not satisfied ’ about the person 's intentions .
even now people can be [not included] or detained literally because an immigration officer says he is ‘ not satisfied ’ about the person 's intentions .

Their parents , brothers , and sisters may all be in Britain but they are still being excluded .
their parents , brothers , and sisters may all be in britain but they are still being [not included] .

Perhaps if the National Front had been excluded , the racism they stand for would have had to be faced up to , ‘ making it worse ’ for those very genteel people in charge of education .
perhaps if the national front had been [not included] , the racism they stand for would have had to be faced up to , ‘ making it worse ’ for those very genteel people in charge of education .

Since peasants who still possessed any seed reserves or livestock were excluded from relief , they were compelled to sell them off in some cases in order to survive .
since peasants who still possessed any seed reserves or livestock were [not included] from relief , they were compelled to sell them off in some cases in order to survive .

Such preference as often as not excluded entrepreneurs from tribal groups out of favour with the government of the day , such as the Ibo , Bamilike , waGanda , and waChagga .
such preference as often as not [not included] entrepreneurs from tribal groups out of favour with the government of the day , such as the ibo , bamilike , waganda , and wachagga .

The Ibos in Nigeria and the Bamilike in Cameroun are both groups who in the 1950s and 1960s respectively made a bid for predominant national power ; they failed , and continue to feel excluded from the political mainstream of their countries .
the ibos in nigeria and the bamilike in cameroun are both groups who in the 1950s and 1960s respectively made a bid for predominant national power ; they failed , and continue to feel [not included] from the political mainstream of their countries .

More striking than the provision of popular entertainment for profit was the remarkable degree to which the landed interest , the liberal professions , and even sections of the business community itself excluded commercial forces from sport .
more striking than the provision of popular entertainment for profit was the remarkable degree to which the landed interest , the liberal professions , and even sections of the business community itself [not included] commercial forces from sport .

1956 saw him complaining that the author of an article on ‘ Christian Social Thought ’ had used the word ‘ sociology ’ so that ‘ unless my memory is greatly at fault , Durkheim and Lévy-Bruhl ’ would be excluded from its province .
1956 saw him complaining that the author of an article on ‘ christian social thought ’ had used the word ‘ sociology ’ so that ‘ unless my memory is greatly at fault , durkheim and lévy-bruhl ’ would be [not included] from its province .

The same Act also provided compensation for people unreasonably excluded or expelled from a union in a closed shop , and required that new closed shops in future should be approved by four-fifths of the workforce .
the same act also provided compensation for people unreasonably [not included] or expelled from a union in a closed shop , and required that new closed shops in future should be approved by four-fifths of the workforce .

But the latter still involves psychic repression : the identity of the normal is inseparable from , rooted in , what it is not , what is socially excluded .
but the latter still involves psychic repression : the identity of the normal is inseparable from , rooted in , what it is not , what is socially [not included] .

In both cases the repressed/ excluded remains subjectively/socially central .
in both cases the repressed/ [not included] remains subjectively/socially central .

Or rather , the distinctions between the repressed and the excluded , the subjective and the social , break down , especially when we recall that the other is often constructed via , or in terms of , the proximate .
or rather , the distinctions between the repressed and the [not included] , the subjective and the social , break down , especially when we recall that the other is often constructed via , or in terms of , the proximate .

Lewes contends that , whereas these gynaecophobic tendencies were from the start challenged by women analysts , the same could not occur in relation to the homophobia of the discipline since homosexuals were systematically excluded from it , with the result that ‘ the psychoanalytic discourse on homosexuality has been and still is formulated by non-homosexuals about homosexuals ’ ( The Psychoanalytic Theory of Male Homosexuality , 21 , 237 — 8 ) .
lewes contends that , whereas these gynaecophobic tendencies were from the start challenged by women analysts , the same could not occur in relation to the homophobia of the discipline since homosexuals were systematically [not included] from it , with the result that ‘ the psychoanalytic discourse on homosexuality has been and still is formulated by non-homosexuals about homosexuals ’ ( the psychoanalytic theory of male homosexuality , 21 , 237 — 8 ) .

Thus , among South American hunters and gatherers , women are actively excluded from hunting large animals , an occasional but highly valued activity , but , on the other hand , they are expected to supply the basis of daily sustenance through gathering of vegetable products , an activity which men affect to despise , but which is far more time consuming , and infinitely more important for subsistence .
thus , among south american hunters and gatherers , women are actively [not included] from hunting large animals , an occasional but highly valued activity , but , on the other hand , they are expected to supply the basis of daily sustenance through gathering of vegetable products , an activity which men affect to despise , but which is far more time consuming , and infinitely more important for subsistence .

‘ But given the nature of his activities it can not be excluded that this was a political attack .
‘ but given the nature of his activities it can not be [not included] that this was a political attack .

While McNair excluded Cambridge , he gave Keeton generous support elsewhere .
while mcnair [not included] cambridge , he gave keeton generous support elsewhere .

Standard 's commercial banking operations in Switzerland and Frankfurt are excluded from the sale , which hands over assets of £2.5bn to WestLB .
standard 's commercial banking operations in switzerland and frankfurt are [not included] from the sale , which hands over assets of £2.5bn to westlb .

But such appointments could be made only to the staff of university extra-mural departments and Approved Associations were excluded .
but such appointments could be made only to the staff of university extra-mural departments and approved associations were [not included] .

Women had always been denied the rights to vote in any election , but the Local Government Act , 1894 , gave women property owners , in England and Wales , the right to vote in local elections , but they were still excluded from Parliamentary elections .
women had always been denied the rights to vote in any election , but the local government act , 1894 , gave women property owners , in england and wales , the right to vote in local elections , but they were still [not included] from parliamentary elections .

The United Stales of America — who had excluded themselves from the League of Nations — did nothing about the matter .
the united stales of america — who had [not included] themselves from the league of nations — did nothing about the matter .

But she bridles at suggestions that the inclusion of two women — Mrs Gillian Shephard at the Department of Employment and herself — has excluded more able men from the Cabinet .
but she bridles at suggestions that the inclusion of two women — mrs gillian shephard at the department of employment and herself — has [not included] more able men from the cabinet .

The pressures of wedded bliss excluded Sadie as effectively from the life of her former friend as if they had been on different continents .
the pressures of wedded bliss [not included] sadie as effectively from the life of her former friend as if they had been on different continents .

Her ironic smile and quizzically raised eyebrows excluded the rest of the dead people .
her ironic smile and quizzically raised eyebrows [not included] the rest of the dead people .

( People who had been in a hospital for all the year before they died have been excluded from these comparisons . )
( people who had been in a hospital for all the year before they died have been [not included] from these comparisons . )

When deaths from cancer were excluded the difference remained : 22 per cent against 9 per cent .
when deaths from cancer were [not included] the difference remained : 22 per cent against 9 per cent .

This was similar to the proportion receiving help from district and other nurses among those who had not spent any time in such homes once sudden deaths and those who had spent all their last year in hospital have been excluded .
this was similar to the proportion receiving help from district and other nurses among those who had not spent any time in such homes once sudden deaths and those who had spent all their last year in hospital have been [not included] .

The result is an excluded volume behind the target atom into which no ions penetrate .
the result is an [not included] volume behind the target atom into which no ions penetrate .

These qualifications made , there remains a set of findings difficult to reconcile with Howe 's ( 1986 ) proposition that ‘ the work controls the worker ’ — though admittedly this was advanced in a context which excluded the kind of organizational influences the present work has begun to tackle .
these qualifications made , there remains a set of findings difficult to reconcile with howe 's ( 1986 ) proposition that ‘ the work controls the worker ’ — though admittedly this was advanced in a context which [not included] the kind of organizational influences the present work has begun to tackle .

On average , social services provision accommodated three people per unit ( or four if the adult placement scheme is excluded ) , compared with seven per unit in the voluntary sector and the National Health Service ( excluding hospitals ) .
on average , social services provision accommodated three people per unit ( or four if the adult placement scheme is [not included] ) , compared with seven per unit in the voluntary sector and the national health service ( excluding hospitals ) .

( They were also wholly responsible for the creation of a further 37 places in the adult placement or ‘ fostering ’ scheme , but these have been excluded from the following analysis . )
( they were also wholly responsible for the creation of a further 37 places in the adult placement or ‘ fostering ’ scheme , but these have been [not included] from the following analysis . )

Yet once children were taken into care , and especially if this was by a compulsory route , parents frequently felt ignored and excluded , and there was evidence that they were often left to cope alone with the practical and psychological barriers that divided them from their children .
yet once children were taken into care , and especially if this was by a compulsory route , parents frequently felt ignored and [not included] , and there was evidence that they were often left to cope alone with the practical and psychological barriers that divided them from their children .

Suddenly Louis was heir to a vast realm that excluded only Italy , which was to be a vassal kingdom tor Pepin 's son Bernard .
suddenly louis was heir to a vast realm that [not included] only italy , which was to be a vassal kingdom tor pepin 's son bernard .

Mrs Thatcher 's personal crusade against the media , carried out by her henchman , Norman Tebbit , excluded the tabloids , which were largely satisfied with a regular diet of photo-opportunities .
mrs thatcher 's personal crusade against the media , carried out by her henchman , norman tebbit , [not included] the tabloids , which were largely satisfied with a regular diet of photo-opportunities .

Complaining that the grass-roots party cadres had been excluded from decision-making , the Peking Daily called for new emphasis on the party 's role in economic as well as political matters : ‘ If the party only controls the party then it would no longer be a political class party but an amateur group for the masses , or a kind of club . ’
complaining that the grass-roots party cadres had been [not included] from decision-making , the peking daily called for new emphasis on the party 's role in economic as well as political matters : ‘ if the party only controls the party then it would no longer be a political class party but an amateur group for the masses , or a kind of club . ’

While Dr Higgs is excluded from Cleveland , other doctors in Cleveland can not discount the same thing happening to them .
while dr higgs is [not included] from cleveland , other doctors in cleveland can not discount the same thing happening to them .

Imagine what Liverpool would be like if the Labour Party had refused to organise there over the past century . How would sectarian bitterness have been eroded if the workers had been excluded from the Labour movement ? And would politics based on religion have disappeared in Glasgow if not for the rise of the Labour Party ? And what about today 's inner cities in Great Britain ? If Labour withdrew from Bradford or Birmingham , would a multitude of parties not spring up based on rival religious and racial identities ? Would the development of this sort of politics not heighten racial tension and conflict ?
imagine what liverpool would be like if the labour party had refused to organise there over the past century . how would sectarian bitterness have been eroded if the workers had been [not included] from the labour movement ? and would politics based on religion have disappeared in glasgow if not for the rise of the labour party ? and what about today 's inner cities in great britain ? if labour withdrew from bradford or birmingham , would a multitude of parties not spring up based on rival religious and racial identities ? would the development of this sort of politics not heighten racial tension and conflict ?

Mental imbalance should also be excluded , since that seems inconsistent with the idea of an ‘ ordinary person ’ , and the defence should be one of diminished responsibility .
mental imbalance should also be [not included] , since that seems inconsistent with the idea of an ‘ ordinary person ’ , and the defence should be one of diminished responsibility .

The good-natured banter between them excluded Marie .
the good-natured banter between them [not included] marie .

‘ We comply with them or we are excluded from these markets .
‘ we comply with them or we are [not included] from these markets .

Some even feared deviation from their own narrow path , as if deviants were excluded from heaven or segregated .
some even feared deviation from their own narrow path , as if deviants were [not included] from heaven or segregated .

The roots of this injunction lie in the perception of woman as impure and hence to be excluded from the sacred male space .
the roots of this injunction lie in the perception of woman as impure and hence to be [not included] from the sacred male space .

Jewish women were excluded from the court of the women during their impurity and fell into the same category of impurity as gentiles .
jewish women were [not included] from the court of the women during their impurity and fell into the same category of impurity as gentiles .

All women qua women should be strictly excluded from entering the sanctuary where the priest stands at the altar .
all women qua women should be strictly [not included] from entering the sanctuary where the priest stands at the altar .

The real issue is that the power of the female to gestate is brought back into symbolic conjunction with the generation of the divine presence , a conjunction excluded by patriarchal religion for four millennia .
the real issue is that the power of the female to gestate is brought back into symbolic conjunction with the generation of the divine presence , a conjunction [not included] by patriarchal religion for four millennia .

Whilst we believe in our biologically-determined nature , there will be no possible utopia apart from these two : a matriarchy run by morally superior women , where desire is excluded , and where our innate niceness means that we can all live happily ever after ; or , we let the chaos out , and we rule fiercely and savagely for a short-lived reign , our ferocious and insatiable desire destroying everything around us .
whilst we believe in our biologically-determined nature , there will be no possible utopia apart from these two : a matriarchy run by morally superior women , where desire is [not included] , and where our innate niceness means that we can all live happily ever after ; or , we let the chaos out , and we rule fiercely and savagely for a short-lived reign , our ferocious and insatiable desire destroying everything around us .

It is based on the assumption that the sacred is better than the secular , that the Church is essentially European and only universal by implication , that celibacy is better than marriage , that belief can not go hand in hand with doubt , that the clerical state is more sublime than the lay , and hence that women are excluded from belonging at the level at which this belonging is most valued .
it is based on the assumption that the sacred is better than the secular , that the church is essentially european and only universal by implication , that celibacy is better than marriage , that belief can not go hand in hand with doubt , that the clerical state is more sublime than the lay , and hence that women are [not included] from belonging at the level at which this belonging is most valued .

It could not be taken along with poor relief , and those with criminal records were excluded ; it was only available at seventy , not sixty ; and it was set at a very mean level , a mere five shillings , below the bare minimum which Seebohm Rowntree calculated was then needed for subsistence .
it could not be taken along with poor relief , and those with criminal records were [not included] ; it was only available at seventy , not sixty ; and it was set at a very mean level , a mere five shillings , below the bare minimum which seebohm rowntree calculated was then needed for subsistence .

They can only hint , for example , at the group activities of older people which excluded a child , or the pain of bereavement , or the loneliness of those without family , which then as now , must have been widespread .
they can only hint , for example , at the group activities of older people which [not included] a child , or the pain of bereavement , or the loneliness of those without family , which then as now , must have been widespread .

Run-off , it is to be excluded from other areas such as a carpeted restaurant adjacent to a kitchen , or production areas still working , may be controlled by the use of polythene tubes filled with sand or water and sealed at both ends .
run-off , it is to be [not included] from other areas such as a carpeted restaurant adjacent to a kitchen , or production areas still working , may be controlled by the use of polythene tubes filled with sand or water and sealed at both ends .

They are excluded from using more land , and they often work onerous hours on the land which they do own for a pittance .
they are [not included] from using more land , and they often work onerous hours on the land which they do own for a pittance .

Consequently , the United States has tended to be most vociferous about a ‘ peace process ’ when this has excluded the Soviet Union , and promised a solution which would strengthen American influence in the region .
consequently , the united states has tended to be most vociferous about a ‘ peace process ’ when this has [not included] the soviet union , and promised a solution which would strengthen american influence in the region .

For Christians it defined a national identity from which they were excluded .
for christians it defined a national identity from which they were [not included] .

Since the Greek minority would then be excluded from the rest of Albania this is an unusual example of a gift barring Greeks .
since the greek minority would then be [not included] from the rest of albania this is an unusual example of a gift barring greeks .

While the relative share of employment and social security benefits varied enormously from one country to another as sources of income for lone parents , maintenance payments generally contributed little to the income of lone parents , even if widows are excluded .
while the relative share of employment and social security benefits varied enormously from one country to another as sources of income for lone parents , maintenance payments generally contributed little to the income of lone parents , even if widows are [not included] .

As far as the social element is concerned , a government should recognise the need to promote social cohesion by securing that all citizens have a standard of living that enables them to participate in the life of the community ; governments must take care that reductions in the social element of citizenship which they may regard as necessary in the area of economic policy do not result in sections of the population being excluded from citizenship and membership of the national community .
as far as the social element is concerned , a government should recognise the need to promote social cohesion by securing that all citizens have a standard of living that enables them to participate in the life of the community ; governments must take care that reductions in the social element of citizenship which they may regard as necessary in the area of economic policy do not result in sections of the population being [not included] from citizenship and membership of the national community .

Should substantial sections of the population feel excluded , then there are dangers of alienation , lawlessness and damaging social divisions .
should substantial sections of the population feel [not included] , then there are dangers of alienation , lawlessness and damaging social divisions .

Mr Ashe , who received a supportive phone call yesterday from President Bush , shot to fame in 1968 when he won the first United States Open at a time when blacks were still largely excluded from professional tennis .
mr ashe , who received a supportive phone call yesterday from president bush , shot to fame in 1968 when he won the first united states open at a time when blacks were still largely [not included] from professional tennis .

Over-50s are excluded from the two groups to whom resources are directed : 18-to-24 year olds who have been unemployed for at least six months ; and 25-to-50 year olds unemployed for more than a year .
over-50s are [not included] from the two groups to whom resources are directed : 18-to-24 year olds who have been unemployed for at least six months ; and 25-to-50 year olds unemployed for more than a year .

But the last time such an exercise was undertaken in 1985 , Britain 's pension was found to be the lowest , apart from that paid in Ireland ( Spain , Portugal and Greece were excluded ) .
but the last time such an exercise was undertaken in 1985 , britain 's pension was found to be the lowest , apart from that paid in ireland ( spain , portugal and greece were [not included] ) .

‘ If any competitor goes around the course at a speed that is likely to give a faster than 1hr 50min finish time there will be real problems and it is likely that wheelchairs will be excluded from future London marathons . ’
‘ if any competitor goes around the course at a speed that is likely to give a faster than 1hr 50min finish time there will be real problems and it is likely that wheelchairs will be [not included] from future london marathons . ’

Strictly a child could be excluded from a pub garden if it is used principally as a drinking area .
strictly a child could be [not included] from a pub garden if it is used principally as a drinking area .

Family rooms are useful to let the less well-behaved and noisier children run riot but they are frequently cold and characterless and , no matter how good the facilities may be , you often feel excluded from the main atmosphere of the pub .
family rooms are useful to let the less well-behaved and noisier children run riot but they are frequently cold and characterless and , no matter how good the facilities may be , you often feel [not included] from the main atmosphere of the pub .

At this time , certain pre-existing conditions may be excluded , as will happen if a new policy is negotiated for an older person .
at this time , certain pre-existing conditions may be [not included] , as will happen if a new policy is negotiated for an older person .

Thus , therapy for a particular ailment may specifically be excluded from a policy , whilst surgery would be covered .
thus , therapy for a particular ailment may specifically be [not included] from a policy , whilst surgery would be covered .

It is impossible to understand why Eliot should have excluded the ‘ Propertius ’ from his selection of Pound 's work . The plea of its difficulty will not hold , for as a consummation is always simpler than a beginning , the ‘ Propertius ’ is certainly much simpler than some of Pound 's shorter earlier works whose content is sometimes elusive , tenuous , evanescent …
it is impossible to understand why eliot should have [not included] the ‘ propertius ’ from his selection of pound 's work . the plea of its difficulty will not hold , for as a consummation is always simpler than a beginning , the ‘ propertius ’ is certainly much simpler than some of pound 's shorter earlier works whose content is sometimes elusive , tenuous , evanescent …

TableCurve can calculate the data 's best fit to one of its equations , or the plot of the data can be previewed to decide whether any data needs to be edited or excluded , or weighting factors applied prior to processing .
tablecurve can calculate the data 's best fit to one of its equations , or the plot of the data can be previewed to decide whether any data needs to be edited or [not included] , or weighting factors applied prior to processing .

Later this morning , after two more rounds , a further 58 will be excluded .
later this morning , after two more rounds , a further 58 will be [not included] .

Later this morning , after two more rounds , a further 58 will be excluded .
later this morning , after two more rounds , a further 58 will be [not included] .

Three Polish prisoners were killed when riots broke out in five jails after parliament excluded habitual offenders from an amnesty .
three polish prisoners were killed when riots broke out in five jails after parliament [not included] habitual offenders from an amnesty .

The banning of corporal punishment by statute ( from 1 5 August 1987 ) and the new procedures governing reinstatement of excluded pupils must be regarded as exceptions to the prevailing laissez-faire approach by Parliament towards punishment of pupils .
the banning of corporal punishment by statute ( from 1 5 august 1987 ) and the new procedures governing reinstatement of [not included] pupils must be regarded as exceptions to the prevailing laissez-faire approach by parliament towards punishment of pupils .

The head teacher is required to inform the parents of a pupil who is to be excluded ( or the pupil him/herself if aged at least 18 ) of the period of , and reasons for , the exclusion .
the head teacher is required to inform the parents of a pupil who is to be [not included] ( or the pupil him/herself if aged at least 18 ) of the period of , and reasons for , the exclusion .

If the pupil has not been excluded permanently , but his been excluded for an indefinite period , the governors can only order the head teacher to reinstate him/her if the aggregate period of exclusion would be more than five days in any term or if the pupil would miss an opportunity to take a public examination .
if the pupil has not been [not included] permanently , but his been [not included] for an indefinite period , the governors can only order the head teacher to reinstate him/her if the aggregate period of exclusion would be more than five days in any term or if the pupil would miss an opportunity to take a public examination .

The consequence is , therefore , that far fewer girls than boys are excluded from school .
the consequence is , therefore , that far fewer girls than boys are [not included] from school .

Similarly , if parents are able to have their views upheld ( as might occur on an appeal against a decision not to reinstate a permanently excluded pupil ) , ‘ it may not be clear whether it is primarily the child 's right or the parents ' rights over upbringing which is being upheld ’ .
similarly , if parents are able to have their views upheld ( as might occur on an appeal against a decision not to reinstate a permanently [not included] pupil ) , ‘ it may not be clear whether it is primarily the child 's right or the parents ' rights over upbringing which is being upheld ’ .

She tells Karen that Victor is being excluded from school indefinitely for bullying and for kicking Joan .
she tells karen that victor is being [not included] from school indefinitely for bullying and for kicking joan .

The universities excluded women altogether .
the universities [not included] women altogether .

She does not fly from history , yet as a woman of the labouring class there is a great deal from which she is excluded .
she does not fly from history , yet as a woman of the labouring class there is a great deal from which she is [not included] .

By deliberately turning his back on the new spirit in art , Modigliani found himself excluded from most of the excitement and gaiety in the arts that flourished in spite of the war .
by deliberately turning his back on the new spirit in art , modigliani found himself [not included] from most of the excitement and gaiety in the arts that flourished in spite of the war .

The growth of formal education systems could not have taken place without the incorporation of sectors in society , which had previously been excluded .
the growth of formal education systems could not have taken place without the incorporation of sectors in society , which had previously been [not included] .

The implication is that poverty is due to lack of involvement with successful capitalist enterprise and , though a minority of the poor do become successful entrepreneurs by building up small businesses from street selling , the vast majority are poor because they are excluded from the modern economy .
the implication is that poverty is due to lack of involvement with successful capitalist enterprise and , though a minority of the poor do become successful entrepreneurs by building up small businesses from street selling , the vast majority are poor because they are [not included] from the modern economy .

It is merely action for some of these reasons which is excluded .
it is merely action for some of these reasons which is [not included] .

Because the arbitrator is meant to decide on the basis of certain reasons , the disputants are excluded from later relying on them .
because the arbitrator is meant to decide on the basis of certain reasons , the disputants are [not included] from later relying on them .

Such common elements need not be excluded by the veil of ignorance since their presence does not jeopardize the social role of the doctrine of justice .
such common elements need not be [not included] by the veil of ignorance since their presence does not jeopardize the social role of the doctrine of justice .

They are not excluded , as is knowledge of the particular circumstances of each participant 's life , in order to ensure that choice in the original position represents people 's nature .
they are not [not included] , as is knowledge of the particular circumstances of each participant 's life , in order to ensure that choice in the original position represents people 's nature .

They are in fact not excluded at all .
they are in fact not [not included] at all .

At a fateful meeting in March 1982 even the manager of the wave energy programme , Clive Grove-Palmer , was deliberately excluded .
at a fateful meeting in march 1982 even the manager of the wave energy programme , clive grove-palmer , was deliberately [not included] .

The use of Latin in medieval Europe excluded the laity , just as the use of English in India today excludes the majority of Indians .
the use of latin in medieval europe [not included] the laity , just as the use of english in india today excludes the majority of indians .

Sometimes , we are forced to be members of one group rather than another ; in the British colony , Kenyans were ill those inhabitants excluded by the British from a share in political and administrative power , or at least that was the appearance .
sometimes , we are forced to be members of one group rather than another ; in the british colony , kenyans were ill those inhabitants [not included] by the british from a share in political and administrative power , or at least that was the appearance .

While this permitted access to public life by more of the natives ( standard national education was required to give access to all ) , it excluded the Europe of Latin-speakers and the immediate inheritance of religion .
while this permitted access to public life by more of the natives ( standard national education was required to give access to all ) , it [not included] the europe of latin-speakers and the immediate inheritance of religion .

Thus , the Turkestan Committee ( 5 Russians and 4 Muslims ) that was recognized by the Provisional Government was superseded by the Tashkent Soviet from which Muslims were excluded .
thus , the turkestan committee ( 5 russians and 4 muslims ) that was recognized by the provisional government was superseded by the tashkent soviet from which muslims were [not included] .

Thus , the early Bashkir Soviet Republic excluded all Bashkir participation .
thus , the early bashkir soviet republic [not included] all bashkir participation .

It excluded Muslims ; ‘ one can not permit the admission of Muslims into the higher organs of the regional revolutionary authority ’ , the Soviet resolved , ‘ because the attitude of the local population towards the Soviet of Soldiers , Workers and Peasants is quite uncertain , and because the native population lacks proletarian organizations ’ .
it [not included] muslims ; ‘ one can not permit the admission of muslims into the higher organs of the regional revolutionary authority ’ , the soviet resolved , ‘ because the attitude of the local population towards the soviet of soldiers , workers and peasants is quite uncertain , and because the native population lacks proletarian organizations ’ .

The Court therefore excluded the confession wrongly obtained by the police and went on to quash Samuel 's conviction for armed robbery .
the court therefore [not included] the confession wrongly obtained by the police and went on to quash samuel 's conviction for armed robbery .

let us assume that a full report , with virtually nothing excluded , is laid before the House .
let us assume that a full report , with virtually nothing [not included] , is laid before the house .

Yet judicial scrutiny has been expressly excluded : first by denying the courts the power to question decisions of the Tribunal , and secondly and more importantly by denying the courts the power to refuse to admit evidence obtained as a result of illegal or improper interceptions .
yet judicial scrutiny has been expressly [not included] : first by denying the courts the power to question decisions of the tribunal , and secondly and more importantly by denying the courts the power to refuse to admit evidence obtained as a result of illegal or improper interceptions .

The fruits of such conduct can not be excluded .
the fruits of such conduct can not be [not included] .

In Canada illegally obtained wire-tapping evidence can be excluded just as any other illegally obtained evidence may be excluded .
in canada illegally obtained wire-tapping evidence can be [not included] just as any other illegally obtained evidence may be [not included] .

Since he believed the embryo was formed from the menstrual blood by the male dynamic in the semen it was clear to him that preformation must be excluded .
since he believed the embryo was formed from the menstrual blood by the male dynamic in the semen it was clear to him that preformation must be [not included] .

Those smallholders who were not directly excluded by the awards lost their shares in the common indirectly , since they were unable to pay the prohibitive legal and fencing costs of securing their small allotments .
those smallholders who were not directly [not included] by the awards lost their shares in the common indirectly , since they were unable to pay the prohibitive legal and fencing costs of securing their small allotments .

If the skeletal analysis of marriage proposed above is accepted , why should relationships between unoperated transsexuals and others be excluded ?
if the skeletal analysis of marriage proposed above is accepted , why should relationships between unoperated transsexuals and others be [not included] ?

More fundamental , and not to be avoided , is the question of whether homosexual unions should be excluded .
more fundamental , and not to be avoided , is the question of whether homosexual unions should be [not included] .

In two test cases the Law Lords decided that house-buyers — at least at the cheap end of the market — were entitled to damages against valuers who failed to exercise reasonable skill and care — nor could this liability be excluded by a small-print disclaimer .
in two test cases the law lords decided that house-buyers — at least at the cheap end of the market — were entitled to damages against valuers who failed to exercise reasonable skill and care — nor could this liability be [not included] by a small-print disclaimer .

The results of this tour , so far as the ladies of the party were concerned , tended to confirm all my previous impressions of their valour and vigour , and also to the strengthening of my determination never to undertake or propose any arrangement from which the ladies must of course be excluded .
the results of this tour , so far as the ladies of the party were concerned , tended to confirm all my previous impressions of their valour and vigour , and also to the strengthening of my determination never to undertake or propose any arrangement from which the ladies must of course be [not included] .

Thus , for both of them the theory of forms excluded all possibility of evolution .
thus , for both of them the theory of forms [not included] all possibility of evolution .

The excluded black and white citizens in the urban areas seem set to continue to suffer deprivation and disadvantage .
the [not included] black and white citizens in the urban areas seem set to continue to suffer deprivation and disadvantage .

So it is clearly right to argue as Dahrendorf does that the emergence of an underclass excluded apparently permanently from dominant economic life is a potent condition of rising crime .
so it is clearly right to argue as dahrendorf does that the emergence of an underclass [not included] apparently permanently from dominant economic life is a potent condition of rising crime .

Do make sure that any monies paid for fixtures and fittings are excluded from the registered purchase price otherwise you will pay stamp duty on them .
do make sure that any monies paid for fixtures and fittings are [not included] from the registered purchase price otherwise you will pay stamp duty on them .

But this protection would not be available to theatre , cinema and broadcasting , since all had been specifically excluded from the provisions of the Act .
but this protection would not be available to theatre , cinema and broadcasting , since all had been specifically [not included] from the provisions of the act .

In the 1930s , the Supreme Court began to widen its interpretation of free speech to include writings and films of little or no artistic merit , provided they did not include ‘ licentious ’ speech , the forms of which were listed in 1942 as libel , slander , insulting or ‘ fighting ’ words , and obscenity , all of which were excluded from First Amendment protection .
in the 1930s , the supreme court began to widen its interpretation of free speech to include writings and films of little or no artistic merit , provided they did not include ‘ licentious ’ speech , the forms of which were listed in 1942 as libel , slander , insulting or ‘ fighting ’ words , and obscenity , all of which were [not included] from first amendment protection .

Although the Committee 's terms of reference excluded manual records , its Report makes clear that it could not justify on grounds of logic or justice the exclusion of manual records from any data protection legislation based upon general data protection principles .
although the committee 's terms of reference [not included] manual records , its report makes clear that it could not justify on grounds of logic or justice the exclusion of manual records from any data protection legislation based upon general data protection principles .

In coming to terms with conflicting feelings about the relationship between their parents , and being helped to do so , children assimilate the capacity to manage other relationships in which they are not the centre of attention and from which they may be excluded .
in coming to terms with conflicting feelings about the relationship between their parents , and being helped to do so , children assimilate the capacity to manage other relationships in which they are not the centre of attention and from which they may be [not included] .

Parents draw the line between what takes place between them as partners ( from which the children are excluded ) and what takes place between them as parents with their children .
parents draw the line between what takes place between them as partners ( from which the children are [not included] ) and what takes place between them as parents with their children .

Software excluded .
software [not included] .

Some economists have argued that short-term unemployment should be excluded from the official figures in order that the statistics be made more useful to policy-makers .
some economists have argued that short-term unemployment should be [not included] from the official figures in order that the statistics be made more useful to policy-makers .

It would be nice to see such organisations excluded from future surveys .
it would be nice to see such organisations [not included] from future surveys .

that objectives should determine methods : therefore no methods should be arbitrarily excluded , ignored , or given undue prominence .
that objectives should determine methods : therefore no methods should be arbitrarily [not included] , ignored , or given undue prominence .

Edwards , in his book on in-service training , excluded short courses held by outside bodies as being ‘ properly outside the scope of this study ( although they deserve a mention because they are commonly used to supplement in-service training ) ’ .
edwards , in his book on in-service training , [not included] short courses held by outside bodies as being ‘ properly outside the scope of this study ( although they deserve a mention because they are commonly used to supplement in-service training ) ’ .

When reason is excluded from love 's excitements what results is not love at all but lust , infatuation , or empty sentimentality .
when reason is [not included] from love 's excitements what results is not love at all but lust , infatuation , or empty sentimentality .

By 1840 Poles were almost entirely absent from the lists of Danzig merchants , were only a small minority on the list of Danzig house-owners , and were thus almost totally excluded from public life and government of the city .
by 1840 poles were almost entirely absent from the lists of danzig merchants , were only a small minority on the list of danzig house-owners , and were thus almost totally [not included] from public life and government of the city .

At an official reception the captain of the ship pointedly ignored Sean Lester , the League of Nations High Commissioner , and later excluded him from the list of official courtesy visits .
at an official reception the captain of the ship pointedly ignored sean lester , the league of nations high commissioner , and later [not included] him from the list of official courtesy visits .

The area of Newham which was excluded from the study was the north-east corner of the borough which includes Manor Park .
the area of newham which was [not included] from the study was the north-east corner of the borough which includes manor park .

Any time spent with day hospital patients , on domiciliary visits , or work related to patients living at home , or acute or assessment patients , would need to be excluded .
any time spent with day hospital patients , on domiciliary visits , or work related to patients living at home , or acute or assessment patients , would need to be [not included] .

To create an even greater homogeneity we excluded also all those who were doubly incontinent at referral ( since we know that the project found such people very hard to support ; see Chapter Seven ) , and all those whose condition — either mental or physical — was deemed too poor at referral for them to remain at home at all .
to create an even greater homogeneity we [not included] also all those who were doubly incontinent at referral ( since we know that the project found such people very hard to support ; see chapter seven ) , and all those whose condition — either mental or physical — was deemed too poor at referral for them to remain at home at all .

He found that hyperactive children improved dramatically on a diet which excluded all artificially flavoured and coloured foods .
he found that hyperactive children improved dramatically on a diet which [not included] all artificially flavoured and coloured foods .

It is essential to distinguish between , on the one hand , attaching priorities to different types of service or service to particular user groups , and on the other ensuring that certain types of material , reflecting certain views , are excluded from libraries altogether .
it is essential to distinguish between , on the one hand , attaching priorities to different types of service or service to particular user groups , and on the other ensuring that certain types of material , reflecting certain views , are [not included] from libraries altogether .

For instance , Coventry Polytechnic library 's budget again excluded staffing , and was divided into five headings : 1 .
for instance , coventry polytechnic library 's budget again [not included] staffing , and was divided into five headings : 1 .

( These figures excluded building maintenance . )
( these figures [not included] building maintenance . )

Judgement can never be excluded from the weeding process , but in recent years practitioners and researchers have sought a more reliable weeding criterion which can be applied scientifically to produce consistent results .
judgement can never be [not included] from the weeding process , but in recent years practitioners and researchers have sought a more reliable weeding criterion which can be applied scientifically to produce consistent results .

Somewhat grudgingly they were admitted to Central Station via Central Drive , to Manchester Square and Victoria Pier via Station Road , but excluded from the Promenade itself .
somewhat grudgingly they were admitted to central station via central drive , to manchester square and victoria pier via station road , but [not included] from the promenade itself .

Richard Watts excluded ‘ rogues and proctors ’ from his Rochester Charity for the relief of travellers .
richard watts [not included] ‘ rogues and proctors ’ from his rochester charity for the relief of travellers .

Your minimum notice rights are laid down by the Consolidation Act , which in this respect covers almost all UK-based executives , although some classes of employee , including some part-timers , are excluded . The minimum notice period is geared to length of service :
your minimum notice rights are laid down by the consolidation act , which in this respect covers almost all uk-based executives , although some classes of employee , including some part-timers , are [not included] . the minimum notice period is geared to length of service :

where you are ineligible on other grounds to claim unfair dismissal , perhaps because you are past normal retiring age or fall within an excluded category of employment ;
where you are ineligible on other grounds to claim unfair dismissal , perhaps because you are past normal retiring age or fall within an [not included] category of employment ;

you fall within a category of worker which is specifically excluded from protection ; or
you fall within a category of worker which is specifically [not included] from protection ; or

you are excluded because you do not comply with a specific statutory condition .
you are [not included] because you do not comply with a specific statutory condition .

Many of the likely readers will have expertise in one or more of the areas described here , and it may appear that a few interesting stories have been excluded .
many of the likely readers will have expertise in one or more of the areas described here , and it may appear that a few interesting stories have been [not included] .

Such organic-rich shales are likely to constitute a much more widespread potential source for hydrocarbons — probably mainly for gas and condensate — than the coals of the deltas which are restricted to the northern part of the region , although the possibility that isolated intermontane coal basins may have developed further south in the later Carboniferous can not be excluded .
such organic-rich shales are likely to constitute a much more widespread potential source for hydrocarbons — probably mainly for gas and condensate — than the coals of the deltas which are restricted to the northern part of the region , although the possibility that isolated intermontane coal basins may have developed further south in the later carboniferous can not be [not included] .

Carbon monoxide and hydrogen are also excluded since , while always present , their concentrations are negligible .
carbon monoxide and hydrogen are also [not included] since , while always present , their concentrations are negligible .

It was also acknowledged that it would be necessary to determine which information objects should be indexed , accepting that certain brochures , circulars and so on would probably be excluded from this general requirement .
it was also acknowledged that it would be necessary to determine which information objects should be indexed , accepting that certain brochures , circulars and so on would probably be [not included] from this general requirement .

Again Karelius was painfully aware that ‘ us ’ excluded Moreau and himself .
again karelius was painfully aware that ‘ us ’ [not included] moreau and himself .

The overwhelming tendency , though , is to so concentrate on ‘ self that others are excluded .
the overwhelming tendency , though , is to so concentrate on ‘ self that others are [not included] .

The governors adamantly excluded veterinary surgeons from becoming subscribers because they ‘ might learn some of the secrets of the College ’ thus ‘ becoming more skilful and successful ’ and ‘ might interfere with the interests and lessen the profits of the College ’ .
the governors adamantly [not included] veterinary surgeons from becoming subscribers because they ‘ might learn some of the secrets of the college ’ thus ‘ becoming more skilful and successful ’ and ‘ might interfere with the interests and lessen the profits of the college ’ .

This stops you being excluded .
this stops you being [not included] .

Such goods can only be excluded by the state of proposed importation if they pose a sufficiently serious threat to public health or some other legitimate national interest compatible with the needs of the single market .
such goods can only be [not included] by the state of proposed importation if they pose a sufficiently serious threat to public health or some other legitimate national interest compatible with the needs of the single market .

National legislation on competition is excluded save that the Commission can , when approving a merger , attach conditions and authorise the member state concerned to apply national legislation to provide for effective competition in the local market .
national legislation on competition is [not included] save that the commission can , when approving a merger , attach conditions and authorise the member state concerned to apply national legislation to provide for effective competition in the local market .

To a mind delighting in tactics and devices , grief is not a familiar factor , but it can not be excluded from any man 's calculations .
to a mind delighting in tactics and devices , grief is not a familiar factor , but it can not be [not included] from any man 's calculations .

Only the owner was excluded from the common knowledge at Kempton that day : that her horse had been wrestled into second place by an apprentice who could n't anticipate the obvious .
only the owner was [not included] from the common knowledge at kempton that day : that her horse had been wrestled into second place by an apprentice who could n't anticipate the obvious .

Flights are excluded .
flights are [not included] .

However anyone looking to it for an explanation of how women have come to be excluded so completely from the control of machines , or even for a theoretical framework within which to pose such a question , is in for a disappointment .
however anyone looking to it for an explanation of how women have come to be [not included] so completely from the control of machines , or even for a theoretical framework within which to pose such a question , is in for a disappointment .

So it is less clear why this animal is excluded from most of the sections that review characteristics of the other species , including the Asiatic muntjac , or barking , deer another escapee .
so it is less clear why this animal is [not included] from most of the sections that review characteristics of the other species , including the asiatic muntjac , or barking , deer another escapee .

Black says that a member of a scientific committee that advises the government on the control of predators ‘ intentionally ’ excluded references to Black 's work on dogs in a report dated March 1982 to the Environmental Protection Agency .
black says that a member of a scientific committee that advises the government on the control of predators ‘ intentionally ’ [not included] references to black 's work on dogs in a report dated march 1982 to the environmental protection agency .

Only voice telephony was excluded from the group 's brief because this is to remain the monopoly of British Telecom .
only voice telephony was [not included] from the group 's brief because this is to remain the monopoly of british telecom .

The story of mud is one of a resource that has been excluded not for technical but for social reasons .
the story of mud is one of a resource that has been [not included] not for technical but for social reasons .

Several prominent firms engaged in genetic manipulation for the agricultural and food industries have been excluded from participation in the venture .
several prominent firms engaged in genetic manipulation for the agricultural and food industries have been [not included] from participation in the venture .

The Ife smiths must have known the only technique by which air can be largely excluded to permit copper to be cast in an enclosed mould .
the ife smiths must have known the only technique by which air can be largely [not included] to permit copper to be cast in an enclosed mould .

Main trends : Christian Religious Knowledge syllabuses are rapidly developing joint denominational approaches ( Lesotho and Uganda ) and more slowly , but nevertheless steadily beginning to widen syllabuses , based on Bible knowledge and catechism , towards greater discussion of local and contemporary moral issues ( Kenya and Zambia ) ; local beliefs and customs are no longer excluded or contrasted with Christian beliefs .
main trends : christian religious knowledge syllabuses are rapidly developing joint denominational approaches ( lesotho and uganda ) and more slowly , but nevertheless steadily beginning to widen syllabuses , based on bible knowledge and catechism , towards greater discussion of local and contemporary moral issues ( kenya and zambia ) ; local beliefs and customs are no longer [not included] or contrasted with christian beliefs .

Shetlanders are afraid that they might be excluded from this market — with their higher salaries and various company safeguards , incomers are thought to be willing to make higher bids for scarce pieces of land .
shetlanders are afraid that they might be [not included] from this market — with their higher salaries and various company safeguards , incomers are thought to be willing to make higher bids for scarce pieces of land .

Alterations to a building not materially affecting the external appearance of the building , agricultural operations and the resumption of a former lawful planning use at the end of a temporary planning consent are excluded from the definition of the 1971 Act .
alterations to a building not materially affecting the external appearance of the building , agricultural operations and the resumption of a former lawful planning use at the end of a temporary planning consent are [not included] from the definition of the 1971 act .

In 1968 , changes of use but not physical development started after 1963 were excluded from this four-year period .
in 1968 , changes of use but not physical development started after 1963 were [not included] from this four-year period .

All production is carried out upon a capitalist basis ; exchanges with non-capitalist economic forms are excluded .
all production is carried out upon a capitalist basis ; exchanges with non-capitalist economic forms are [not included] .

Foreign trade is excluded from consideration , since it is assumed that such trade will not affect the value of production , but merely affect its material form .
foreign trade is [not included] from consideration , since it is assumed that such trade will not affect the value of production , but merely affect its material form .

All synthetic fabrics , plastics , chipboard , plywood , foam rubber and other man-made materials are excluded from the oasis .
all synthetic fabrics , plastics , chipboard , plywood , foam rubber and other man-made materials are [not included] from the oasis .

White bread and anything made with white flour ( eg pastry , pasta ) should also be excluded .
white bread and anything made with white flour ( eg pastry , pasta ) should also be [not included] .

If there is a good improvement on this diet , fruit and other excluded foods can be gradually reintroduced later , but not sugar .
if there is a good improvement on this diet , fruit and other [not included] foods can be gradually reintroduced later , but not sugar .

His diet excluded all these items and he claimed that 70 per cent of children improved considerably on this regime .
his diet [not included] all these items and he claimed that 70 per cent of children improved considerably on this regime .

If the child gets better when certain foods are excluded , then they should be reintroduced to check that they were the source of the trouble .
if the child gets better when certain foods are [not included] , then they should be reintroduced to check that they were the source of the trouble .

Other people 's sexuality is always threatening , a hot dark secret from which we 're excluded .
other people 's sexuality is always threatening , a hot dark secret from which we 're [not included] .

Bowe stressed that no hazardous or toxic waste should be excluded from the strictest regulation , whether that waste was going for disposal or for future use .
bowe stressed that no hazardous or toxic waste should be [not included] from the strictest regulation , whether that waste was going for disposal or for future use .

Some synthetic flavours are safer than natural ones , he noted , adding that some natural toxins occur where preservatives and antoxidants are excluded by consumer demand .
some synthetic flavours are safer than natural ones , he noted , adding that some natural toxins occur where preservatives and antoxidants are [not included] by consumer demand .

If the publication of such matter has not incurred penalties under the law it should not be excluded from libraries on any moral , political , religious or racial ground alone , to satisfy any sectional interest .
if the publication of such matter has not incurred penalties under the law it should not be [not included] from libraries on any moral , political , religious or racial ground alone , to satisfy any sectional interest .

No work shall be automatically excluded except where the law of the land expressly forbids its circulation .
no work shall be automatically [not included] except where the law of the land expressly forbids its circulation .

For many years ( and it continues ) , many right-wing , and even avowedly apolitical librarians , have excluded left-wing periodical literature from libraries as a matter of course .
for many years ( and it continues ) , many right-wing , and even avowedly apolitical librarians , have [not included] left-wing periodical literature from libraries as a matter of course .

In addition a single visit was made to five sites , but these counts have been excluded from this analysis .
in addition a single visit was made to five sites , but these counts have been [not included] from this analysis .

The couple had a daughter , Marjorie , who grew up deprived of contact with paternal relatives and excluded from any news of John and his work .
the couple had a daughter , marjorie , who grew up deprived of contact with paternal relatives and [not included] from any news of john and his work .

Mary had been totally excluded .
mary had been totally [not included] .

These are excluded from this analysis .
these are [not included] from this analysis .

In 1988 and 1989 , increasing numbers of secondary school students found them-selves excluded from school on a variety of pretexts , including failing their matriculation exams and political activism ( see Chapter 13 ) .
in 1988 and 1989 , increasing numbers of secondary school students found them-selves [not included] from school on a variety of pretexts , including failing their matriculation exams and political activism ( see chapter 13 ) .

If there are important test factors which have been excluded from the model , the residuals from the model will contain an important degree of pattern : they will be systematically related to the omitted variable .
if there are important test factors which have been [not included] from the model , the residuals from the model will contain an important degree of pattern : they will be systematically related to the omitted variable .

The electoral register was used as a sampling frame of addresses ( institutional inmates were excluded for practical reasons — so few of them are willing or able to answer survey questions ) .
the electoral register was used as a sampling frame of addresses ( institutional inmates were [not included] for practical reasons — so few of them are willing or able to answer survey questions ) .

It was a new and very special experience to be treated as a granny , excluded from the kitchen , given a sherry before the meal and told not to help with the serving up .
it was a new and very special experience to be treated as a granny , [not included] from the kitchen , given a sherry before the meal and told not to help with the serving up .

The implication drawn seemed to be that these two groups were irrevocably separated the practical men being for ever excluded from the highest mystical experiences .
the implication drawn seemed to be that these two groups were irrevocably separated the practical men being for ever [not included] from the highest mystical experiences .

The Committee had been appointed to consider the Foreign Office only and , although they heard a considerable amount of evidence about rebuilding the War Department as part of the denigration of Pennethorne , they specifically excluded it from their Report .
the committee had been appointed to consider the foreign office only and , although they heard a considerable amount of evidence about rebuilding the war department as part of the denigration of pennethorne , they specifically [not included] it from their report .

The excluded local butchers were enraged .
the [not included] local butchers were enraged .

This proved to be disastrous in the Dred Scott decision , where first Missouri and then the Supreme Court held that the bloodline of Africans forever excluded them from citizenship .
this proved to be disastrous in the dred scott decision , where first missouri and then the supreme court held that the bloodline of africans forever [not included] them from citizenship .

Crown colony status was granted to Northern Borneo and Singapore , the latter excluded from the Federation because of its large Chinese majority .
crown colony status was granted to northern borneo and singapore , the latter [not included] from the federation because of its large chinese majority .

At Nusa Dua , the outside world — even the everyday Balinese world — is excluded .
at nusa dua , the outside world — even the everyday balinese world — is [not included] .

Specifically , GAO has developed a framework that will help the Congress and the Administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and excluded , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .
specifically , gao has developed a framework that will help the congress and the administration create and implement a strong and effective new cabinet department by establishing criteria to be considered for constructing the department itself , determining which agencies should be included and [not included] , and leveraging numerous key management and policy elements that , after completion of the revised organizational structure , will be critical to the department 's success .

Congress should also consider several very specific criteria in its evaluation of whether individual agencies or programs should be included or excluded from the proposed department .
congress should also consider several very specific criteria in its evaluation of whether individual agencies or programs should be included or [not included] from the proposed department .

Additionally , the provider was excluded from the Medicaid program for 15 years .
additionally , the provider was [not included] from the medicaid program for 15 years .

Negative subsidies on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees. -- A negative subsidy means that the direct loans or loan guarantees are estimated to make a profit , apart from administrative costs ( which are excluded from the subsidy calculation by law ) .
negative subsidies on post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees. -- a negative subsidy means that the direct loans or loan guarantees are estimated to make a profit , apart from administrative costs ( which are [not included] from the subsidy calculation by law ) .

Items meeting other than the PP & E asset category definitions are excluded from Federal mission PP & E , such as items of inventory or operating materials and supplies .
items meeting other than the pp & e asset category definitions are [not included] from federal mission pp & e , such as items of inventory or operating materials and supplies .

Excluded from the definition are the natural resources ( that is , depletable resources , such as mineral deposits and petroleum ; renewable resources , such as timber ; and the outer-continental shelf resources ) related to land .
[not included] from the definition are the natural resources ( that is , depletable resources , such as mineral deposits and petroleum ; renewable resources , such as timber ; and the outer-continental shelf resources ) related to land .

Excluded from the definition of land for reporting purposes here are materials beneath the surface ( that is , depletable resources such as mineral deposits and petroleum ) , the space above the surface ( that is , renewable resources such as timber ) , and the outer-continental shelf resources .
[not included] from the definition of land for reporting purposes here are materials beneath the surface ( that is , depletable resources such as mineral deposits and petroleum ) , the space above the surface ( that is , renewable resources such as timber ) , and the outer-continental shelf resources .

Specifically excluded from the definition of assessments , as used in this Statement , are compliance assessments .
specifically [not included] from the definition of assessments , as used in this statement , are compliance assessments .

Excluded from the definition of land are the natural resources ( that is , depletable resources such as mineral deposits and petroleum ; renewable resources such as timber , and the outer-continental shelf resources ) related to land .
[not included] from the definition of land are the natural resources ( that is , depletable resources such as mineral deposits and petroleum ; renewable resources such as timber , and the outer-continental shelf resources ) related to land .

GAGAS incorporate the AICPA 's field work and reporting standards and the related statements on the standards for financial audits unless specifically excluded , as discussed in chapters 4 and 5 .
gagas incorporate the aicpa 's field work and reporting standards and the related statements on the standards for financial audits unless specifically [not included] , as discussed in chapters 4 and 5 .

GAGAS incorporates the AICPA 's general standard on criteria , and the field work and reporting standards and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements , unless specifically excluded , as discussed in chapter 6 .
gagas incorporates the aicpa 's general standard on criteria , and the field work and reporting standards and the related statements on the standards for attestation engagements , unless specifically [not included] , as discussed in chapter 6 .

To date , the Comptroller General has not excluded any AICPA field work or reporting auditing standards or any SASs .
to date , the comptroller general has not [not included] any aicpa field work or reporting auditing standards or any sass .

To date , the Comptroller General has not excluded any AICPA field work or reporting attestation standards or SSAEs .
to date , the comptroller general has not [not included] any aicpa field work or reporting attestation standards or ssaes .

To date , the Comptroller General has not excluded any field work standards or statements on auditing standards .
to date , the comptroller general has not [not included] any field work standards or statements on auditing standards .

Situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically identified , such as audits required by the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 , are excluded .
situations where the audit of financial statements mandate applies to entities not specifically identified , such as audits required by the single audit act amendments of 1996 , are [not included] .

To date , the Comptroller General has not excluded any field work or reporting standards or statements on auditing standards .
to date , the comptroller general has not [not included] any field work or reporting standards or statements on auditing standards .

For example , information related to computer security for a particular program should be excluded from publicly available reports because of the potential damage that could be caused by the misuse of this information .
for example , information related to computer security for a particular program should be [not included] from publicly available reports because of the potential damage that could be caused by the misuse of this information .

If auditors make the judgment that certain additional information should be excluded from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that makes the omission necessary .
if auditors make the judgment that certain additional information should be [not included] from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that makes the omission necessary .

To date , the Comptroller General has not excluded any field work standards , reporting standards , or statements on standards for attestation engagements .
to date , the comptroller general has not [not included] any field work standards , reporting standards , or statements on standards for attestation engagements .

For example , information related to computer security for a particular program should be excluded from the report because of the potential damage that could be caused by the misuse of this information .
for example , information related to computer security for a particular program should be [not included] from the report because of the potential damage that could be caused by the misuse of this information .

If auditors make the judgment that certain pertinent information should be excluded from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that make the omission necessary .
if auditors make the judgment that certain pertinent information should be [not included] from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that make the omission necessary .

If auditors make the judgment that certain additional information should be excluded from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that makes the omission necessary .
if auditors make the judgment that certain additional information should be [not included] from a publicly available report , they should state the nature of the information omitted and the reasons that makes the omission necessary .

We excluded from this review proposed rules that were routine or administrative in nature ( e.g. , within DOT , U.S. Coast Guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules ) .
we [not included] from this review proposed rules that were routine or administrative in nature ( e.g. , within dot , u.s. coast guard rules establishing bridgeopening schedules ) .

Capital gains ( or losses ) and lump-sum or one-time payments such as life insurance settlements are excluded .
capital gains ( or losses ) and lump-sum or one-time payments such as life insurance settlements are [not included] .

As one witness with extensive experience organizing private pro bono activities put it , `` the likelihood that private lawyers will take on clients who would be excluded from LSC representation by the stringent interpretation of [ the presence ] requirement is zero . ''
as one witness with extensive experience organizing private pro bono activities put it , `` the likelihood that private lawyers will take on clients who would be [not included] from lsc representation by the stringent interpretation of [ the presence ] requirement is zero . ''

Employers who successfully excluded legal services representatives from their labor camps or intimidated workers into not contacting legal services during the course of employment could ensure a workforce without access to legal representation .
employers who successfully [not included] legal services representatives from their labor camps or intimidated workers into not contacting legal services during the course of employment could ensure a workforce without access to legal representation .

As a result , numerous cases have been excluded from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case was not documented according to LSC requirements .
as a result , numerous cases have been [not included] from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case was not documented according to lsc requirements .

As a result , numerous cases have been excluded from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case lacked the required documentation .
as a result , numerous cases have been [not included] from reporting , even though the client received legal service , because the case lacked the required documentation .

Examples of `` matters '' referrals would be criminal matters or civil problems excluded under a grantee 's priorities - for example , divorces not involving domestic violence or children .
examples of `` matters '' referrals would be criminal matters or civil problems [not included] under a grantee 's priorities - for example , divorces not involving domestic violence or children .

In those instances when the laboratory can document the cause for the outlier ( e.g. , operator error , culture health or test system failure ) , the outlier should be excluded from the future calculations of the control limits .
in those instances when the laboratory can document the cause for the outlier ( e.g. , operator error , culture health or test system failure ) , the outlier should be [not included] from the future calculations of the control limits .

Data from effluent concentrations that have tested significantly different from the control for survival are excluded from further hypothesis tests concerning growth effects .
data from effluent concentrations that have tested significantly different from the control for survival are [not included] from further hypothesis tests concerning growth effects .

Data from effluent concentrations that have tested significantly different from the control for survival are excluded from further hypothesis tests concerning growth effects .
data from effluent concentrations that have tested significantly different from the control for survival are [not included] from further hypothesis tests concerning growth effects .

In those instances when the laboratory can document the cause for the outlier ( e.g. , operator error , culture health or test system failure ) , the outlier should be excluded from the future calculations of the control limits .
in those instances when the laboratory can document the cause for the outlier ( e.g. , operator error , culture health or test system failure ) , the outlier should be [not included] from the future calculations of the control limits .

Such allowances shall be excluded from the calculation of the reserve under paragraph ( 2 ) .
such allowances shall be [not included] from the calculation of the reserve under paragraph ( 2 ) .

Note : Nonoperating costs , such as payments made to the Treasury for retroactive charges are excluded .
note : nonoperating costs , such as payments made to the treasury for retroactive charges are [not included] .

Jarrah thus felt excluded from the decisionmaking .
jarrah thus felt [not included] from the decisionmaking .

As a result of this confusion , the criminal agents who were knowledgeable about al Qaeda and experienced with criminal investigative techniques , including finding suspects and possible criminal charges , were thus excluded from the search .
as a result of this confusion , the criminal agents who were knowledgeable about al qaeda and experienced with criminal investigative techniques , including finding suspects and possible criminal charges , were thus [not included] from the search .

We also found that had the immigration system set a higher bar for determining whether individuals are who or what they claim to be-and ensuring routine consequences for violations-it could potentially have excluded , removed , or come into further contact with several hijackers who did not appear to meet the terms for admitting short-term visitors .
we also found that had the immigration system set a higher bar for determining whether individuals are who or what they claim to be-and ensuring routine consequences for violations-it could potentially have [not included] , removed , or come into further contact with several hijackers who did not appear to meet the terms for admitting short-term visitors .

We recently excluded the possibility that either PKC or ERK plays a role in statin-activated shedding [ 16 ] , raising the possibility that other protein phosphorylation signaling pathways might link statins and/or cholesterol to α-secretase activation .
we recently [not included] the possibility that either pkc or erk plays a role in statin-activated shedding [ 16 ] , raising the possibility that other protein phosphorylation signaling pathways might link statins and/or cholesterol to α-secretase activation .

For analyses including AHI as a covariate , participants were excluded if they had sleep studies with less than 4 h of usable polysomnography , or if they were receiving treatment for SDB .
for analyses including ahi as a covariate , participants were [not included] if they had sleep studies with less than 4 h of usable polysomnography , or if they were receiving treatment for sdb .

In all analyses involving insulin , glucose , and QUICKI ( but not leptin , ghrelin , and adiponectin ) , participants with diabetes ( self-reported diagnosis , or currently taking insulin or diabetic medications , or with glucose > 300 mg/dl ) were excluded .
in all analyses involving insulin , glucose , and quicki ( but not leptin , ghrelin , and adiponectin ) , participants with diabetes ( self-reported diagnosis , or currently taking insulin or diabetic medications , or with glucose > 300 mg/dl ) were [not included] .

When controlling for AHI in models , participants who used continuous positive airway pressure or who had inadequate sleep were excluded .
when controlling for ahi in models , participants who used continuous positive airway pressure or who had inadequate sleep were [not included] .

This observation is consistent with previous findings demonstrating direct interaction between CD36 and p59fyn [ 8 ] ; however , the involvement of other src kinases can not be excluded .
this observation is consistent with previous findings demonstrating direct interaction between cd36 and p59fyn [ 8 ] ; however , the involvement of other src kinases can not be [not included] .

This study finds that some PLWA have been excluded from access to health care because of their HIV status and that , at this time , PLWA have no access to judicial or other remedial processes to address this .
this study finds that some plwa have been [not included] from access to health care because of their hiv status and that , at this time , plwa have no access to judicial or other remedial processes to address this .

The report concluded that none of the deaths could be attributed to venison , but it nevertheless cautioned that animals showing evidence of CWD should be excluded from the human and animal feed chains ( Box 2 ) .
the report concluded that none of the deaths could be attributed to venison , but it nevertheless cautioned that animals showing evidence of cwd should be [not included] from the human and animal feed chains ( box 2 ) .

In secondary analyses , these dropouts were excluded .
in secondary analyses , these dropouts were [not included] .

However , the percentage of patients with resistance mutations detected in this study in the repeated interruption arm ( 47 % ) is higher than the 17 % observed in the SSITT cohort [ 11 ] , in which patients with prior treatment failures were excluded [ 28 ] .
however , the percentage of patients with resistance mutations detected in this study in the repeated interruption arm ( 47 % ) is higher than the 17 % observed in the ssitt cohort [ 11 ] , in which patients with prior treatment failures were [not included] [ 28 ] .

In the present study , the authors appropriately excluded people with diabetes , and adjustment for hypertension appeared to have little impact .
in the present study , the authors appropriately [not included] people with diabetes , and adjustment for hypertension appeared to have little impact .

The authors appropriately excluded individuals with a wide range of conditions to identify an apparently healthy cohort .
the authors appropriately [not included] individuals with a wide range of conditions to identify an apparently healthy cohort .

However , documented genetic risk factors , such as abnormalities in lupus anticoagulant , anti-thrombin III , proteins C and S , plasma homocysteine , anticardiolipin , β2 glycoprotein antibody , and prothrombotic mutations in Factor V and prothrombin were excluded .
however , documented genetic risk factors , such as abnormalities in lupus anticoagulant , anti-thrombin iii , proteins c and s , plasma homocysteine , anticardiolipin , β2 glycoprotein antibody , and prothrombotic mutations in factor v and prothrombin were [not included] .

Patients were excluded from the study if the pregnancy was complicated by TTTS , monoamnionicity , intrauterine growth restriction , growth discordance , structural anomalies , or twin reversed arterial perfusion sequence .
patients were [not included] from the study if the pregnancy was complicated by ttts , monoamnionicity , intrauterine growth restriction , growth discordance , structural anomalies , or twin reversed arterial perfusion sequence .

Conjoined twins and high-order multiples were also excluded .
conjoined twins and high-order multiples were also [not included] .

Of the 19,618 persons aged 18 and over included in the NHANES III population , we excluded 3,021 persons for whom C-reactive protein levels were missing , given that this was our primary marker of interest .
of the 19,618 persons aged 18 and over included in the nhanes iii population , we [not included] 3,021 persons for whom c-reactive protein levels were missing , given that this was our primary marker of interest .

Another 292 persons were excluded because they were pregnant , and 816 people were excluded because they reported cigar , pipe , snuff , or chewing tobacco use .
another 292 persons were [not included] because they were pregnant , and 816 people were [not included] because they reported cigar , pipe , snuff , or chewing tobacco use .

When HIV-1-specific CD8+ T cell responses were detected against adjacent peptides , and therefore might represent targeting of the overlap region , responses to the weaker peptide were excluded for calculations of magnitude and breadth , as previously described [ 19 ] .
when hiv-1-specific cd8+ t cell responses were detected against adjacent peptides , and therefore might represent targeting of the overlap region , responses to the weaker peptide were [not included] for calculations of magnitude and breadth , as previously described [ 19 ] .

When the first 3 mo off therapy were excluded in order to minimize the potential effects of recent treatment on CD4+ T cell number , the rate of change in CD4+ T cell counts during the first year off therapy no longer differed statistically from the MACS data ( median , −207 cell/mm 3 /y ; range , +119 to −699 ; Mann-Whitney U test , p = 0.07 ) .
when the first 3 mo off therapy were [not included] in order to minimize the potential effects of recent treatment on cd4+ t cell number , the rate of change in cd4+ t cell counts during the first year off therapy no longer differed statistically from the macs data ( median , −207 cell/mm 3 /y ; range , +119 to −699 ; mann-whitney u test , p = 0.07 ) .

The prevalence of asthma among people who smoke is currently not known , but in order to study COPD/emphysema in a population without other confounding variables , people who might have had asthma were excluded , and thus our findings are restricted to non-asthmatic individuals with emphysema .
the prevalence of asthma among people who smoke is currently not known , but in order to study copd/emphysema in a population without other confounding variables , people who might have had asthma were [not included] , and thus our findings are restricted to non-asthmatic individuals with emphysema .

Glucose level ( mg/dl [ amount Ã— 0.0555 = mmol/l ] ; measured 2 h post-load ) was determined using the glucose oxidase method [ 24 ] ; analyses using data on glucose levels excluded the five twin pairs for whom one or both twins had values 300 mg/dl or higher .
glucose level ( mg/dl [ amount ã— 0.0555 = mmol/l ] ; measured 2 h post-load ) was determined using the glucose oxidase method [ 24 ] ; analyses using data on glucose levels [not included] the five twin pairs for whom one or both twins had values 300 mg/dl or higher .

This analytic cohort excluded 44 twin pairs ( 21 missing data on duration lived together ; one reporting separation prior to age 14 ; two where one twin said below age 14 and the other age 14 or above ; plus 20 pairs for whom the joint data on adult household class was either missing , inconsistent , or not in the labor force ) .
this analytic cohort [not included] 44 twin pairs ( 21 missing data on duration lived together ; one reporting separation prior to age 14 ; two where one twin said below age 14 and the other age 14 or above ; plus 20 pairs for whom the joint data on adult household class was either missing , inconsistent , or not in the labor force ) .

Starting from a group of 19,993 twins from Finland who have been studied since 1975 , the authors gathered data from the 2,957 overweight participants who remained after they had excluded people with pre-existing disease , and those with missing data .
starting from a group of 19,993 twins from finland who have been studied since 1975 , the authors gathered data from the 2,957 overweight participants who remained after they had [not included] people with pre-existing disease , and those with missing data .

Bird flowers will continue to shift their colour until bees are completely excluded from the bird flowers or until further shifts deteriorate detectability by birds .
bird flowers will continue to shift their colour until bees are completely [not included] from the bird flowers or until further shifts deteriorate detectability by birds .

At present , the second and more parsimonious possibility has not been rigorously excluded .
at present , the second and more parsimonious possibility has not been rigorously [not included] .

Russia is not considered a developing country , and thus is excluded from many international efforts that provide free access to journals ( such as HINARI ) .
russia is not considered a developing country , and thus is [not included] from many international efforts that provide free access to journals ( such as hinari ) .

Agricultural workers : Because they are seasonal laborers and have a high turnover rate , they were excluded from the law .
agricultural workers : because they are seasonal laborers and have a high turnover rate , they were [not included] from the law .

When government employees are excluded , the percentages are even lower : While 37.5 percent of public workers are unionized , only 9.5 percent of the private sector is .
when government employees are [not included] , the percentages are even lower : while 37.5 percent of public workers are unionized , only 9.5 percent of the private sector is .

The movie tracks four aging New Yorkers -- two men , two women -- through their lonely dating rituals , in the process depicting a universe of lusty , coupled-up haves and downcast , excluded have-nots , all viewed Rear Window -style through rectangular openings in the massive apartment houses in which they reside .
the movie tracks four aging new yorkers -- two men , two women -- through their lonely dating rituals , in the process depicting a universe of lusty , coupled-up haves and downcast , [not included] have-nots , all viewed rear window -style through rectangular openings in the massive apartment houses in which they reside .

The New York Times goes with an affirmative action-related piece : complaints from some parents , mostly in the white majority , that their kids have been excluded from schools on the basis of race .
the new york times goes with an affirmative action-related piece : complaints from some parents , mostly in the white majority , that their kids have been [not included] from schools on the basis of race .

Present company excluded : On the front of the NYT `` Money & Business '' Section , market watcher Gretchen Morgenson matches high-flying market capitalizations to equivalent Gross National Products .
present company [not included] : on the front of the nyt `` money & business '' section , market watcher gretchen morgenson matches high-flying market capitalizations to equivalent gross national products .

An interesting revelation in the report was that the British intelligence services , which previously excluded homosexuals for security reasons , no longer see them as a risk if they are open about their sexuality .
an interesting revelation in the report was that the british intelligence services , which previously [not included] homosexuals for security reasons , no longer see them as a risk if they are open about their sexuality .

Of course , the interesting detail -- interesting in the sense of causing shrieking head pain -- is not the trivial poop that 's included ( the deaths of Linda McCartney , Mark McGwire , and Sammy Sosa due to an overdose of Viagra , if I read correctly -- and I do n't ) but what 's excluded .
of course , the interesting detail -- interesting in the sense of causing shrieking head pain -- is not the trivial poop that 's included ( the deaths of linda mccartney , mark mcgwire , and sammy sosa due to an overdose of viagra , if i read correctly -- and i do n't ) but what 's [not included] .

The position of British poet laureate , made vacant last year by the death of Ted Hughes , has still not been filled but , as the Daily Telegraph of London reported Wednesday , Tony Harrison , one of the leading contenders , excluded himself as a candidate with a poem published this week :
the position of british poet laureate , made vacant last year by the death of ted hughes , has still not been filled but , as the daily telegraph of london reported wednesday , tony harrison , one of the leading contenders , [not included] himself as a candidate with a poem published this week :

The list ( footnoted to the piece on Henry Louis Gates Jr. ) of dead white men excluded from The Dictionary of Global Culture includes one Alexandre Dumas , who was , in fact , one-quarter African , which makes this snub of one of the most productive and popular novelists of all time all the stranger .
the list ( footnoted to the piece on henry louis gates jr. ) of dead white men [not included] from the dictionary of global culture includes one alexandre dumas , who was , in fact , one-quarter african , which makes this snub of one of the most productive and popular novelists of all time all the stranger .

The Republican and Reform parties are divided over whether 1 ) Buchanan 's views are too extreme to be included ; or 2 ) his conservative constituency is too valuable to be excluded .
the republican and reform parties are divided over whether 1 ) buchanan 's views are too extreme to be included ; or 2 ) his conservative constituency is too valuable to be [not included] .

The rabbis were supposed to be chosen by an objective criterion -- the length of their entries in a particular encyclopedia -- but because of the `` careless manner '' in which this was carried out , rabbis were included who should not have been , while others were wrongly excluded .
the rabbis were supposed to be chosen by an objective criterion -- the length of their entries in a particular encyclopedia -- but because of the `` careless manner '' in which this was carried out , rabbis were included who should not have been , while others were wrongly [not included] .

Of course , there is another possibility : that what is excluded in a blind taste test is in fact what we want , and are happy to pay for , when we sit down with a beer .
of course , there is another possibility : that what is [not included] in a blind taste test is in fact what we want , and are happy to pay for , when we sit down with a beer .

It recognizes that talent and ability are distributed across the population and that it requires extra effort to avoid excluding parts of the population that have traditionally been excluded .
it recognizes that talent and ability are distributed across the population and that it requires extra effort to avoid excluding parts of the population that have traditionally been [not included] .

In other words , we want to invite all those who would normally be excluded .
in other words , we want to invite all those who would normally be [not included] .

I have recently seen assertions that the DAR excluded Marian Anderson from Constitution Hall because she wanted to sing on Easter Sunday , and not because she was `` colored , '' as we used to say .
i have recently seen assertions that the dar [not included] marian anderson from constitution hall because she wanted to sing on easter sunday , and not because she was `` colored , '' as we used to say .

The truth is that conditions in America in 1939 were such that a Marian Anderson could be excluded because of her race , and that conditions today are such that she could not .
the truth is that conditions in america in 1939 were such that a marian anderson could be [not included] because of her race , and that conditions today are such that she could not .

Should n't IPOers be excluded from clanging since the decision is tantamount to pouring millions into their stock ?
should n't ipoers be [not included] from clanging since the decision is tantamount to pouring millions into their stock ?

Should Slate on Paper , the weekly text version of Slate magazine , be limited to just 44 pages , no matter how much wonderful writing and brilliant insight must be excluded as a result ?
should slate on paper , the weekly text version of slate magazine , be limited to just 44 pages , no matter how much wonderful writing and brilliant insight must be [not included] as a result ?

After all , somebody has to be excluded , or it is n't much of an honor , is it ? )
after all , somebody has to be [not included] , or it is n't much of an honor , is it ? )

The article complained that Europe 's `` war of nerves '' over the euro , from which many North Europeans would like to see Italy excluded , had split the continent into three blocs -- Franco-German , Anglo-Saxon , and South European .
the article complained that europe 's `` war of nerves '' over the euro , from which many north europeans would like to see italy [not included] , had split the continent into three blocs -- franco-german , anglo-saxon , and south european .

Le Monde of Paris , France 's most prestigious newspaper , reported Tuesday that the anti-impotence drug was almost certain to be excluded from the list of medicines approved for free prescriptions by the French state social security system .
le monde of paris , france 's most prestigious newspaper , reported tuesday that the anti-impotence drug was almost certain to be [not included] from the list of medicines approved for free prescriptions by the french state social security system .

In Britain , which has excluded itself from the single European currency for the time being , the main headlines Tuesday were about the unsuccessful Middle East peace talks in London , though the liberal Guardian 's main editorial was an attack on France for its insistence that a Frenchman should run the new European Central Bank .
in britain , which has [not included] itself from the single european currency for the time being , the main headlines tuesday were about the unsuccessful middle east peace talks in london , though the liberal guardian 's main editorial was an attack on france for its insistence that a frenchman should run the new european central bank .

The Süddeutche Zeitung of Munich said it hopes this will be the last German election in which millions of residents are n't allowed to vote because of their immigrant status : `` Democracy does n't function when certain people are excluded . ''
the süddeutche zeitung of munich said it hopes this will be the last german election in which millions of residents are n't allowed to vote because of their immigrant status : `` democracy does n't function when certain people are [not included] . ''

Non-institutional investors are excluded from company conference calls and snubbed by investor-relations people .
non-institutional investors are [not included] from company conference calls and snubbed by investor-relations people .

Extending Berger 's criminal-justice metaphor , Secretary of Defense William Cohen rejected Iraq 's demand that Americans be excluded from the U.N. inspection team .
extending berger 's criminal-justice metaphor , secretary of defense william cohen rejected iraq 's demand that americans be [not included] from the u.n. inspection team .

It 's an X - phile 's dream come true : no L.A. vampires , Indian werewolves , or homicidal inbred hillbillies -- just 10 nights ( weekends excluded ) of biological experimentation , government cover-ups , and little green men .
it 's an x - phile 's dream come true : no l.a. vampires , indian werewolves , or homicidal inbred hillbillies -- just 10 nights ( weekends [not included] ) of biological experimentation , government cover-ups , and little green men .

As bioethicist Arthur Caplan points out , while `` prisoners are excluded from moral life , '' losing the right to vote , `` Americans have not reduced them to non-human status . ''
as bioethicist arthur caplan points out , while `` prisoners are [not included] from moral life , '' losing the right to vote , `` americans have not reduced them to non-human status . ''

I have a friend who was excluded from a jury because he answered `` yes '' to the question , `` Do you think a man who 's been arrested is more likely to be guilty than a man who has n't been arrested ? ''
i have a friend who was [not included] from a jury because he answered `` yes '' to the question , `` do you think a man who 's been arrested is more likely to be guilty than a man who has n't been arrested ? ''

In this scenario , discrimination at Texaco is indeed costly to those black employees who are thereby excluded from their ideal jobs or forced to accept lower wages in order to remain in those jobs .
in this scenario , discrimination at texaco is indeed costly to those black employees who are thereby [not included] from their ideal jobs or forced to accept lower wages in order to remain in those jobs .

The NYT leads with Clinton 's decision to dispatch federal officials to all 50 states to determine whether states have improperly excluded people from Medicaid , and to investigate the surprising underutilization of the Children 's Health Insurance Program .
the nyt leads with clinton 's decision to dispatch federal officials to all 50 states to determine whether states have improperly [not included] people from medicaid , and to investigate the surprising underutilization of the children 's health insurance program .

Answering the accusation that Russia has n't done enough to help the Kosovars , Primakov said it could have done more if it had n't been excluded from the Rambouillet conference .
answering the accusation that russia has n't done enough to help the kosovars , primakov said it could have done more if it had n't been [not included] from the rambouillet conference .

He single-handedly closed the discussion on class-based affirmative action and excluded conservatives from the president 's race initiative .
he single-handedly closed the discussion on class-based affirmative action and [not included] conservatives from the president 's race initiative .

Candles is essentially a fantasy about throwing out this system : The excluded are included and the exclusionary are either enlightened or humbled .
candles is essentially a fantasy about throwing out this system : the [not included] are included and the exclusionary are either enlightened or humbled .

Slate 's `` My Life as a Nielsen Family '' for the confessions of one anonymous fudger of a Nielsen diary ) ; 2 ) do n't cover a truly representative sample ( college dorms , prisons , and African-American homes are all said to be either underrepresented or excluded from the survey ) ; 3 ) fluctuate wildly -- Fox officials , for instance , gripe that ratings for Beverly Hills 90210 yo-yo as much as 86 percent week to week ; and 4 ) measure 15-minute intervals , which is detrimental to networks such as CNN that viewers usually watch for even smaller chunks of time .
slate 's `` my life as a nielsen family '' for the confessions of one anonymous fudger of a nielsen diary ) ; 2 ) do n't cover a truly representative sample ( college dorms , prisons , and african-american homes are all said to be either underrepresented or [not included] from the survey ) ; 3 ) fluctuate wildly -- fox officials , for instance , gripe that ratings for beverly hills 90210 yo-yo as much as 86 percent week to week ; and 4 ) measure 15-minute intervals , which is detrimental to networks such as cnn that viewers usually watch for even smaller chunks of time .

The rest are chosen by organizations from which most voters are excluded .
the rest are chosen by organizations from which most voters are [not included] .

The rest are chosen by organizations from which most voters are excluded .
the rest are chosen by organizations from which most voters are [not included] .

It provides parents with a suggested list of sites to exclude , but nothing is excluded without being specifically designated by the parents .
it provides parents with a suggested list of sites to exclude , but nothing is [not included] without being specifically designated by the parents .

The test so far has excluded small securities firms and international markets , but Day One was , says the paper , glitchless .
the test so far has [not included] small securities firms and international markets , but day one was , says the paper , glitchless .

Many good metaphors have therefore been excluded because of this inevitable ephemerality .
many good metaphors have therefore been [not included] because of this inevitable ephemerality .

Another group of metaphors excluded is the names of natural species such as footman and emperor moths , lady 's slipper , shepherd 's purse , porpoise , etc .
another group of metaphors [not included] is the names of natural species such as footman and emperor moths , lady 's slipper , shepherd 's purse , porpoise , etc .

Purely literary metaphors have been excluded , except for those which have become traditional by general acceptance , as have many Shakespearean sayings as well as titles and phrases from modern authors .
purely literary metaphors have been [not included] , except for those which have become traditional by general acceptance , as have many shakespearean sayings as well as titles and phrases from modern authors .

In the category of proper names , which are not specifically excluded in the Introduction , Brillat-Savarin and Escoffier are missing as metaphors for great chef as is Einstein for genius .
in the category of proper names , which are not specifically [not included] in the introduction , brillat-savarin and escoffier are missing as metaphors for great chef as is einstein for genius .

Cannon tabulated an attrition rate of 1.5 % for new meanings and new items originally admitted to the Merriam Addenda Sections which were cumulatively included in reprints of Webster 's Third New International Dictionary of the English Language ( 1961 ) at five-year intervals in the 1966-81 period , but then were excluded from Merriam 's 9,000 Words ( 1983 ) .
cannon tabulated an attrition rate of 1.5 % for new meanings and new items originally admitted to the merriam addenda sections which were cumulatively included in reprints of webster 's third new international dictionary of the english language ( 1961 ) at five-year intervals in the 1966-81 period , but then were [not included] from merriam 's 9,000 words ( 1983 ) .

In time , overland routes between these cities ( Hobart , of course , excluded ) were found but , for much of the 19th century , what are now the capital cities of the six Australian States were most easily reached by sea .
in time , overland routes between these cities ( hobart , of course , [not included] ) were found but , for much of the 19th century , what are now the capital cities of the six australian states were most easily reached by sea .

Thus all other etymological forms , as participles ending in - ed ( rejected offer ) or - ing ( playing child ) , are excluded .
thus all other etymological forms , as participles ending in - ed ( rejected offer ) or - ing ( playing child ) , are [not included] .

Dementia necessarily implies some degree of permanent change ; totally recoverable confusional states in which cognitive changes are prominent are thus excluded .
dementia necessarily implies some degree of permanent change ; totally recoverable confusional states in which cognitive changes are prominent are thus [not included] .

Crafts were usually not allowed , since the craft guilds excluded Jews ; but Jews were allowed to engage in banking ( and related industries , such as pawnbroking ) , mercantile pursuits , and long-distance trading .
crafts were usually not allowed , since the craft guilds [not included] jews ; but jews were allowed to engage in banking ( and related industries , such as pawnbroking ) , mercantile pursuits , and long-distance trading .

Cannon tabulated an attrition rate of 1.5 % for new meanings and new items originally admitted to the Merriam Addenda Sections which were cumulatively included in reprints of Webster 's Third New International Dictionary of the English Language ( 1961 ) at five-year intervals in the 1966-81 period , but then were excluded from Merriam 's 9,000 Words ( 1983 ) .
cannon tabulated an attrition rate of 1.5 % for new meanings and new items originally admitted to the merriam addenda sections which were cumulatively included in reprints of webster 's third new international dictionary of the english language ( 1961 ) at five-year intervals in the 1966-81 period , but then were [not included] from merriam 's 9,000 words ( 1983 ) .

Most of their publications excluded religious and capitalist proverbs and sayings .
most of their publications [not included] religious and capitalist proverbs and sayings .

