Institutions require structure , form , and definition , and these in turn entail differentiation and exclusion .
institutions require structure , form , and definition , and these in turn entail differentiation and [ban] .

The fundamental difficulty of which the Selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded Hough , `` will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the maintenance of discipline , and the reception or exclusion of testimony '' .
the fundamental difficulty of which the selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded hough , `` will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the maintenance of discipline , and the reception or [ban] of testimony '' .

The trade bodies which came in the wake of the A.L.A.M. were more representative , for they never adopted a policy of exclusion .
the trade bodies which came in the wake of the a.l.a.m. were more representative , for they never adopted a policy of [ban] .

Mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion .
mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential [ban] .

The bitter memory of Russia's exclusion from the Paris Peace Conference and of the West's effort to stamp out Bolshevism at its birth boiled up within him .
the bitter memory of russia's [ban] from the paris peace conference and of the west's effort to stamp out bolshevism at its birth boiled up within him .

Professor McNeill thinks that at Yalta , Stalin did not fully realize the dilemma which faced him , that he thought the exclusion of the anti-Soviet voters from East European elections would not be greatly resented by his allies , while neither Roosevelt nor Churchill frankly faced `` the fact that , in Poland at least , genuinely free democratic elections would return governments unfriendly to Russia '' , by any definition of international friendliness .
professor mcneill thinks that at yalta , stalin did not fully realize the dilemma which faced him , that he thought the [ban] of the anti-soviet voters from east european elections would not be greatly resented by his allies , while neither roosevelt nor churchill frankly faced `` the fact that , in poland at least , genuinely free democratic elections would return governments unfriendly to russia '' , by any definition of international friendliness .

or ( 3 ) exclusion of state court jurisdiction over these matters '' .
or ( 3 ) [ban] of state court jurisdiction over these matters '' .

Hercules transport aircraft have begun flying to the Gulf in support of the new air exclusion zone in Southern Iraq .
hercules transport aircraft have begun flying to the gulf in support of the new air [ban] zone in southern iraq .

However , Hercules will still have to make resupplying runs to Saudi Arabia for so long as the air exclusion operation lasts .
however , hercules will still have to make resupplying runs to saudi arabia for so long as the air [ban] operation lasts .

As they moved on , the Home Secretary was declaring a five mile exclusion zone around last summer 's biggest campsite .
as they moved on , the home secretary was declaring a five mile [ban] zone around last summer 's biggest campsite .

Officers are visiting 17 New Age Travellers sites with a simple message — stay away from a 5-mile exclusion zone around Castlemorton Common over this Bank Holiday weekend or you 're likely to be arrested .
officers are visiting 17 new age travellers sites with a simple message — stay away from a 5-mile [ban] zone around castlemorton common over this bank holiday weekend or you 're likely to be arrested .

The exclusion zone approved by the Home Secretary bans any procession or convoy of vehicles in the area .
the [ban] zone approved by the home secretary bans any procession or convoy of vehicles in the area .

The governing body that controls Castlemorton , and which this year has been granted an exclusion order , says the ban also covers sites like British 2nCamp .
the governing body that controls castlemorton , and which this year has been granted an [ban] order , says the ban also covers sites like british 2ncamp .

The big cats of the Oxfordshire based Jaguar racing team might not be roaring that loud at Le mans this weekend … their three cars are facing exclusion from the 24 hour classic race which gets underway tomorrow …
the big cats of the oxfordshire based jaguar racing team might not be roaring that loud at le mans this weekend … their three cars are facing [ban] from the 24 hour classic race which gets underway tomorrow …

An exclusion zone order was last used to keep revellers away from Stonehenge .
an [ban] zone order was last used to keep revellers away from stonehenge .

Police are already monitoring the movements of travellers convoys and the exclusion order will give them widespread powers of arrest .
police are already monitoring the movements of travellers convoys and the [ban] order will give them widespread powers of arrest .

But today , the Oxford University Sports Director was furious at her exclusion .
but today , the oxford university sports director was furious at her [ban] .

Protests were made in the Commons over the exclusion of Argyll and Bute and western parts of Moray from the regional grant earmarked by the European Commission for the Highlands and Islands .
protests were made in the commons over the [ban] of argyll and bute and western parts of moray from the regional grant earmarked by the european commission for the highlands and islands .

Exclusion zone for Bonham-Carter fan
[ban] zone for bonham-carter fan

Handicapped drivers and cyclists have also protested at their exclusion from the zone .
handicapped drivers and cyclists have also protested at their [ban] from the zone .

The petition called for an open public inquiry into the grounding of the tanker in January , strict tanker exclusion zones and improved ship monitoring and standards .
the petition called for an open public inquiry into the grounding of the tanker in january , strict tanker [ban] zones and improved ship monitoring and standards .

The Yugoslav air force denied any of its aircraft had violated the air exclusion zone .
the yugoslav air force denied any of its aircraft had violated the air [ban] zone .

The rationale is that such children do badly in examinations and so their exclusion will improve the end product .
the rationale is that such children do badly in examinations and so their [ban] will improve the end product .

If after perhaps two weeks of this regimen the bed-wetting continued , then the enuretic National Serviceman would probably be referred by the unit medical officer to the local military hospital for exclusion of urological , neurological or psychiatric disorders .
if after perhaps two weeks of this regimen the bed-wetting continued , then the enuretic national serviceman would probably be referred by the unit medical officer to the local military hospital for [ban] of urological , neurological or psychiatric disorders .

Unless some controls are imposed the centre of Darlington is threatened with becoming a total exclusion zone for anyone over the age of 35 .
unless some controls are imposed the centre of darlington is threatened with becoming a total [ban] zone for anyone over the age of 35 .

Hoddle admitted the exclusion of Hughes and the subsequent team re-shuffle was worth a goal start for his team .
hoddle admitted the [ban] of hughes and the subsequent team re-shuffle was worth a goal start for his team .

It adds that the exclusion of certain part-time workers from employment protection rights , pensions and the contributory benefits system only serves to reinforce assumptions about women 's economic dependency .
it adds that the [ban] of certain part-time workers from employment protection rights , pensions and the contributory benefits system only serves to reinforce assumptions about women 's economic dependency .

England skipper Graham Gooch , batting at No 5 after a lengthy selection meeting in Manchester on Saturday night , hit 67 to win over an Old Trafford crowd angry at the Test exclusion of Phil De Freitas .
england skipper graham gooch , batting at no 5 after a lengthy selection meeting in manchester on saturday night , hit 67 to win over an old trafford crowd angry at the test [ban] of phil de freitas .

The Family Law Northern Ireland 1993 , which came into effect last month , makes it clear that the breach of an Exclusion and Protection Order is a criminal offence .
the family law northern ireland 1993 , which came into effect last month , makes it clear that the breach of an [ban] and protection order is a criminal offence .

erm That seems to me a little bit odd that that has to be put on twice to the erm exclusion of other programmes .
erm that seems to me a little bit odd that that has to be put on twice to the erm [ban] of other programmes .

Do you think that when people are buying the insurance that they have much of an idea about their consumer power ? Like , for instance , can they bargain with you to alter any of the exclusion clauses , or do they have to take it as it is and that 's that ?
do you think that when people are buying the insurance that they have much of an idea about their consumer power ? like , for instance , can they bargain with you to alter any of the [ban] clauses , or do they have to take it as it is and that 's that ?

In general the exclusion clauses that we 're talking about are , in general , are fairly reasonable .
in general the [ban] clauses that we 're talking about are , in general , are fairly reasonable .

Clearly a major price is being paid for the post-Heysel exclusion and Manchester United 's 1991 Cup Winners ' Cup win looks but a false dawn .
clearly a major price is being paid for the post-heysel [ban] and manchester united 's 1991 cup winners ' cup win looks but a false dawn .

The church 's spokesman , Bishop Joseph Duffy , said : ‘ We feel obliged to state that the wording proposed is basically flawed because it guarantees less than the total exclusion of deliberate abortion . ’
the church 's spokesman , bishop joseph duffy , said : ‘ we feel obliged to state that the wording proposed is basically flawed because it guarantees less than the total [ban] of deliberate abortion . ’

The great need , in his view , is to cultivate selfless or detached action to the exclusion of egocentric activity .
the great need , in his view , is to cultivate selfless or detached action to the [ban] of egocentric activity .

The penalties against fat women are so extreme that women continue to starve themselves and buy useless diet products rather than endure such humiliation and exclusion .
the penalties against fat women are so extreme that women continue to starve themselves and buy useless diet products rather than endure such humiliation and [ban] .

The very first international tennis event to be held in the country was disrupted by 30 coloured demonstrators , protesting at the exclusion of the Tennis Association of South Africa , just three weeks ago despite massive security .
the very first international tennis event to be held in the country was disrupted by 30 coloured demonstrators , protesting at the [ban] of the tennis association of south africa , just three weeks ago despite massive security .

The outburst follows the allied decision to set up an exclusion zone to protect Shi'ites in Southern Iraq .
the outburst follows the allied decision to set up an [ban] zone to protect shi'ites in southern iraq .

And the seafront of the Humberside resort of Bridlington was declared an exclusion zone by police after similar havoc .
and the seafront of the humberside resort of bridlington was declared an [ban] zone by police after similar havoc .

They will enforce an air exclusion zone south of the 32nd parallel from which Saddam 's warplanes will be banned .
they will enforce an air [ban] zone south of the 32nd parallel from which saddam 's warplanes will be banned .

Falcons are interested in food to the exclusion of everything else , but an owl likes to know precisely what 's going on around it , even if it 's hungry .
falcons are interested in food to the [ban] of everything else , but an owl likes to know precisely what 's going on around it , even if it 's hungry .

Disenfranchisement in the first sense relates to the virtual exclusion of certain substantive issues from the ordinary political agenda .
disenfranchisement in the first sense relates to the virtual [ban] of certain substantive issues from the ordinary political agenda .

Officers will also be taking fingerprints — for exclusion , of course .
officers will also be taking fingerprints — for [ban] , of course .

Clearly , exclusion of through traffic is a necessary but not sufficient condition for creating safe and liveable streets .
clearly , [ban] of through traffic is a necessary but not sufficient condition for creating safe and liveable streets .

The thinking is that cyclists and pedestrians , though not always comfortable companions , stand to gain more by tolerating each other in mutual exclusion of the car than by continuing traditional attitudes which will prevent a full realisation of the benefits to town centres of encouraging the soft modes of transport .
the thinking is that cyclists and pedestrians , though not always comfortable companions , stand to gain more by tolerating each other in mutual [ban] of the car than by continuing traditional attitudes which will prevent a full realisation of the benefits to town centres of encouraging the soft modes of transport .

During the next week he concentrated on his job to the exclusion of all else .
during the next week he concentrated on his job to the [ban] of all else .

re-examination of the control purposes of schooling and the extent to which they pervade the system to the exclusion of other personal and social ends like collaboration , independence and initiative ;
re-examination of the control purposes of schooling and the extent to which they pervade the system to the [ban] of other personal and social ends like collaboration , independence and initiative ;

Further problems highlighted by the chapter are the failure to recognize ethnic diversity and differences ( Asian is used to describe people from ' India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , for example ) ; over-simplification of correlations and exclusion of environmental and societal influences ( e.g .
further problems highlighted by the chapter are the failure to recognize ethnic diversity and differences ( asian is used to describe people from ' india , pakistan , bangladesh , sri lanka , for example ) ; over-simplification of correlations and [ban] of environmental and societal influences ( e.g .

In practice this aura of professionalism has worked to the exclusion of the many who have no such education and training .
in practice this aura of professionalism has worked to the [ban] of the many who have no such education and training .

Education spokesman Mike Barnett said although the exclusion rate was half that of other counties , it was still a matter of serious concern .
education spokesman mike barnett said although the [ban] rate was half that of other counties , it was still a matter of serious concern .

However , the study found no direct link between the level of social disadvantage in a school , as measured by free school meals , and its exclusion rate .
however , the study found no direct link between the level of social disadvantage in a school , as measured by free school meals , and its [ban] rate .

In November , the Government put forward its own possible solutions for discussion , including fining schools and forcing them to publish their exclusion figures .
in november , the government put forward its own possible solutions for discussion , including fining schools and forcing them to publish their [ban] figures .

But such announcements as ‘ We live by Admiration , Hope and Love ’ , although memorable , and remarkable for the exclusion of ‘ Faith ’ from the Pauline triad , seem to have alienated readers by their dogmatic assertiveness .
but such announcements as ‘ we live by admiration , hope and love ’ , although memorable , and remarkable for the [ban] of ‘ faith ’ from the pauline triad , seem to have alienated readers by their dogmatic assertiveness .

The picture of an economic and political system in which social exclusion , however unfortunate , is somehow a remediable affliction is all but required .
the picture of an economic and political system in which social [ban] , however unfortunate , is somehow a remediable affliction is all but required .

In a pre-election report entitled Politics for All , Runnymede had already drawn attention to the painful gap between … the fine statements and aspirations of official policy statements on the one hand and the painful realities of discrimination and exclusion on the other .
in a pre-election report entitled politics for all , runnymede had already drawn attention to the painful gap between … the fine statements and aspirations of official policy statements on the one hand and the painful realities of discrimination and [ban] on the other .

But no sooner has one power élite asserted cultural power through the ideology of national hegemony , than another would-be élite , speaking out of a sense of power exclusion , sets up alternative demands .
but no sooner has one power élite asserted cultural power through the ideology of national hegemony , than another would-be élite , speaking out of a sense of power [ban] , sets up alternative demands .

It is also to assert an ethnically , or nationality-based citizenship to the exclusion of those who do not share that particular cultural tendency .
it is also to assert an ethnically , or nationality-based citizenship to the [ban] of those who do not share that particular cultural tendency .

It is as if the entire party structure and philosophy had been geared towards the exclusion of participation and the discouragement of debate .
it is as if the entire party structure and philosophy had been geared towards the [ban] of participation and the discouragement of debate .

This exclusion is generally held to be applicable when a criminal prosecution is in prospect .
this [ban] is generally held to be applicable when a criminal prosecution is in prospect .

But it would be wrong to dismiss the underlying aspiration of many in Northern Ireland , particularly amongst the Protestant majority , for an end to their exclusion from British political debate .
but it would be wrong to dismiss the underlying aspiration of many in northern ireland , particularly amongst the protestant majority , for an end to their [ban] from british political debate .

Yet in West Belfast a different kind of exclusion is equally keenly felt .
yet in west belfast a different kind of [ban] is equally keenly felt .

It is an exclusion from fundamental rights of citizenship — to walk the streets without harassment , to secure a job without discrimination , to express a cultural identity without stigma , to have a share in the exercise of political power .
it is an [ban] from fundamental rights of citizenship — to walk the streets without harassment , to secure a job without discrimination , to express a cultural identity without stigma , to have a share in the exercise of political power .

But as this noble institution has only ever rewarded women writers for being ladylike — Oldie pin-ups , maybe — or for assuming the pompous , androgynous mantle of — God help us — George Eliot , her exclusion can be read as a back-handed compliment .
but as this noble institution has only ever rewarded women writers for being ladylike — oldie pin-ups , maybe — or for assuming the pompous , androgynous mantle of — god help us — george eliot , her [ban] can be read as a back-handed compliment .

The exclusion only lasted a few minutes , but it seemed a lifetime to her .
the [ban] only lasted a few minutes , but it seemed a lifetime to her .

Demands were to be made for a complete ban on foreign music on the radio and the exclusion of particular styles of western dress , but these outbursts of cultural nationalism were felt to be an inevitable part of a cultural renaissance .
demands were to be made for a complete ban on foreign music on the radio and the [ban] of particular styles of western dress , but these outbursts of cultural nationalism were felt to be an inevitable part of a cultural renaissance .

Exclusion clauses
[ban] clauses

It is when they become ‘ over-drivers ’ that problems occur : people concentrate on ‘ being perfect ’ to the exclusion of what actually needs to be done .
it is when they become ‘ over-drivers ’ that problems occur : people concentrate on ‘ being perfect ’ to the [ban] of what actually needs to be done .

The exclusion from the survey of land held by customary tenures not only restricts attention to a minority , but seriously distorts the profile of effective ownership , for not infrequently the lord of the manor 's control was more apparent than real :
the [ban] from the survey of land held by customary tenures not only restricts attention to a minority , but seriously distorts the profile of effective ownership , for not infrequently the lord of the manor 's control was more apparent than real :

This can be related to the concern in Derrida 's work with the politics of feminism and other positions which contest institutional and political appropriation and exclusion .
this can be related to the concern in derrida 's work with the politics of feminism and other positions which contest institutional and political appropriation and [ban] .

It is this preoccupation which accounts for Derrida 's choice , and forceful interrogation , of the privileged examples of Saussure — where he focuses on the ‘ profound ethnocentrism ’ of his exclusion of writing — Rousseau and Lévi-Strauss .
it is this preoccupation which accounts for derrida 's choice , and forceful interrogation , of the privileged examples of saussure — where he focuses on the ‘ profound ethnocentrism ’ of his [ban] of writing — rousseau and lévi-strauss .

Totalization in the first Critique , Lévi-Strauss suggests , can only create its meaning by selection through such metonymic devices of exclusion , that is , by founding itself on an — ethnocentric — absence .
totalization in the first critique , lévi-strauss suggests , can only create its meaning by selection through such metonymic devices of [ban] , that is , by founding itself on an — ethnocentric — absence .

In the first place , he contests its equation with any anthropological definition of ‘ man ’ ; in the second , he argues that Sartre 's description of history as making up one ‘ History ’ with one meaning is only achieved through the exclusion of all other histories with other meanings : the totalization can only totalize if everything which remains other to it is excluded .
in the first place , he contests its equation with any anthropological definition of ‘ man ’ ; in the second , he argues that sartre 's description of history as making up one ‘ history ’ with one meaning is only achieved through the [ban] of all other histories with other meanings : the totalization can only totalize if everything which remains other to it is excluded .

His critique centres on two related problems : in the first place if , as Foucault argues , the expulsion of madness by reason constitutes the possibility of history as such , so that this gesture of exclusion produces the fundamental structure of historicity , then the ‘ classical ’ moment of this proscription that he describes must be an example rather than an originary moment .
his critique centres on two related problems : in the first place if , as foucault argues , the expulsion of madness by reason constitutes the possibility of history as such , so that this gesture of [ban] produces the fundamental structure of historicity , then the ‘ classical ’ moment of this proscription that he describes must be an example rather than an originary moment .

Women 's supposed ‘ failure ’ to live up to male standards justify their exclusion from positions of political power and leadership .
women 's supposed ‘ failure ’ to live up to male standards justify their [ban] from positions of political power and leadership .

In October Mr. Johnson , the resident surgeon and secretary of Bedford Infirmary , wrote to the guardians saying that a special meeting of the governors of the infirmary would be held to consider the exclusion of smallpox patients from the Fever Hospital ( which had been established there in 1847 ) .
in october mr. johnson , the resident surgeon and secretary of bedford infirmary , wrote to the guardians saying that a special meeting of the governors of the infirmary would be held to consider the [ban] of smallpox patients from the fever hospital ( which had been established there in 1847 ) .

This is reflected in Articles of Government made under the 1986 Act in the procedures laid down for dealing with the exclusion of pupils from school and with the appeals which might arise from exclusion .
this is reflected in articles of government made under the 1986 act in the procedures laid down for dealing with the [ban] of pupils from school and with the appeals which might arise from [ban] .

This procedure is by no means limited to exclusion .
this procedure is by no means limited to [ban] .

Feminist writers were protesting against women 's exclusion from well-paid , high-status , and meaningful work , and from cultural and political power .
feminist writers were protesting against women 's [ban] from well-paid , high-status , and meaningful work , and from cultural and political power .

Nevertheless , feminists recognize that women 's exclusion from culture and language is an important aspect of their experiences of subordination .
nevertheless , feminists recognize that women 's [ban] from culture and language is an important aspect of their experiences of subordination .

Non-reproductive sexuality , homosexuality , female sexuality in general , and the temporary , part-time , or unpaid employment which is associated particularly with women , undergo a complementary exclusion .
non-reproductive sexuality , homosexuality , female sexuality in general , and the temporary , part-time , or unpaid employment which is associated particularly with women , undergo a complementary [ban] .

The Big Bang has certainly encouraged the trend towards offering Golden Handcuffs — to maintain the Golden Hellos — and the insertion of exclusion clauses in contracts to prevent executives going over to the competition .
the big bang has certainly encouraged the trend towards offering golden handcuffs — to maintain the golden hellos — and the insertion of [ban] clauses in contracts to prevent executives going over to the competition .

Exclusion clauses in contracts 7
[ban] clauses in contracts 7

It is allowed by statute to undertake certain paid work to the exclusion of all others ; it is a self-regulating body ; its members are of high status and their financial rewards are considerable .
it is allowed by statute to undertake certain paid work to the [ban] of all others ; it is a self-regulating body ; its members are of high status and their financial rewards are considerable .

Austro-Hungarian foreign policy was both simplified and complicated by her forcible exclusion from Germany in 1866–7 ; this ended a struggle opened by Frederick the Great 's seizure of Silesia .
austro-hungarian foreign policy was both simplified and complicated by her forcible [ban] from germany in 1866–7 ; this ended a struggle opened by frederick the great 's seizure of silesia .

Her exclusion from Italy was less important , but had also tidied up a dangling thread of history .
her [ban] from italy was less important , but had also tidied up a dangling thread of history .

The sociology of science was to articulate the ‘ ethos of science ’ ( Merton 1957 : 552–61 ) that guaranteed the exclusion of non-theoretical factors in the practice of science .
the sociology of science was to articulate the ‘ ethos of science ’ ( merton 1957 : 552–61 ) that guaranteed the [ban] of non-theoretical factors in the practice of science .

Rather , what we call gender and gender roles are the observable effects created by a complex system involving , for example , sexual divisions of labour , the exclusion of women from public domains , and so on .
rather , what we call gender and gender roles are the observable effects created by a complex system involving , for example , sexual divisions of labour , the [ban] of women from public domains , and so on .

Why does the same not apply to the exclusion of women in generic masculine language ?
why does the same not apply to the [ban] of women in generic masculine language ?

The aim is to achieve a kind of steady state , which preserves the system as a whole by some adaptive mechanism , such as a change of role , structure , or exclusion of one member .
the aim is to achieve a kind of steady state , which preserves the system as a whole by some adaptive mechanism , such as a change of role , structure , or [ban] of one member .

But if central government acts arrogantly , ignoring the advice of the experts , listening to the advice of favoured confidants to the exclusion of others and deciding that it ‘ knows best ’ , the outcome can be devastating .
but if central government acts arrogantly , ignoring the advice of the experts , listening to the advice of favoured confidants to the [ban] of others and deciding that it ‘ knows best ’ , the outcome can be devastating .

It was Cantona 's exclusion by Leeds against Arsenal that led to his shock transfer last week .
it was cantona 's [ban] by leeds against arsenal that led to his shock transfer last week .

There is a specific exclusion where the introductions are made to an authorised independent financial adviser .
there is a specific [ban] where the introductions are made to an authorised independent financial adviser .

Last night America threatened to use Cruise missiles against Serbia to enforce the air exclusion zone over Bosnia .
last night america threatened to use cruise missiles against serbia to enforce the air [ban] zone over bosnia .

Also included are investment incentives for certain enterprise zones and a 50 % capital gains exclusion for sales of shares of small companies held for five years .
also included are investment incentives for certain enterprise zones and a 50 % capital gains [ban] for sales of shares of small companies held for five years .

Both Levy and O'Hara said the law surrounding the exclusion of abusers from their own properties needed clarification .
both levy and o'hara said the law surrounding the [ban] of abusers from their own properties needed clarification .

The government is currently considering recommendations from the Law Commission to increase the courts ' powers of exclusion .
the government is currently considering recommendations from the law commission to increase the courts ' powers of [ban] .

For example , they show how French governments in the 1980s challenged social workers to work with others to prevent crime , delinquency and exclusion .
for example , they show how french governments in the 1980s challenged social workers to work with others to prevent crime , delinquency and [ban] .

The high affinity of the repressor-operator complex arises from exclusion of solvent and ions from the interface , and formation of a large number of hydrogen-bond and salt-bridge interactions .
the high affinity of the repressor-operator complex arises from [ban] of solvent and ions from the interface , and formation of a large number of hydrogen-bond and salt-bridge interactions .

But , as Jeffery and Matza rightly point out , this exclusion was to characterise all subsequent positivist criminology .
but , as jeffery and matza rightly point out , this [ban] was to characterise all subsequent positivist criminology .

Taylor , Walton and Young ( 1973 ) were highly critical of this example of behaviourist imperialism and claimed that the exclusion of all reference to subjective mental events which the take-over bid necessarily entailed was entirely alien to the whole spirit of differential association .
taylor , walton and young ( 1973 ) were highly critical of this example of behaviourist imperialism and claimed that the [ban] of all reference to subjective mental events which the take-over bid necessarily entailed was entirely alien to the whole spirit of differential association .

Some local authorities may simply be colluding in a ‘ process of social exclusion ’ .
some local authorities may simply be colluding in a ‘ process of social [ban] ’ .

The Mental Health Act 1983 's exclusion of compulsory admissions for alcohol detoxification alone has led many to believe that alcohol related mental health problems are outside the Act , but this is not the case .
the mental health act 1983 's [ban] of compulsory admissions for alcohol detoxification alone has led many to believe that alcohol related mental health problems are outside the act , but this is not the case .

That is , the reader is absorbed into the experience , does not stand outside it . In the sonnets involving the Dark Lady , however , with their tortuous triangular structure , the reader does stand apart , watching the poet 's attempt to come to terms with deception and exclusion :
that is , the reader is absorbed into the experience , does not stand outside it . in the sonnets involving the dark lady , however , with their tortuous triangular structure , the reader does stand apart , watching the poet 's attempt to come to terms with deception and [ban] :

Yet in other sonnets it does have those connotations of exclusion and separation .
yet in other sonnets it does have those connotations of [ban] and separation .

In other cases , the ‘ will they or wo n't they adopt me ’ issue came to dominate the placement to the exclusion of all other considerations .
in other cases , the ‘ will they or wo n't they adopt me ’ issue came to dominate the placement to the [ban] of all other considerations .

Some seek to keep the family together at all costs ; others , particularly in relation to sexual abuse , argue for the exclusion of the abuser from the home .
some seek to keep the family together at all costs ; others , particularly in relation to sexual abuse , argue for the [ban] of the abuser from the home .

If the focus of helping young people in residential care were redefined to identify the development of personal self-worth as a primary aim , then it would be possible to achieve this by including both dimensions , neither to the exclusion of the other .
if the focus of helping young people in residential care were redefined to identify the development of personal self-worth as a primary aim , then it would be possible to achieve this by including both dimensions , neither to the [ban] of the other .

The reality of their adulthood may include exclusion from the labour market ( Oliver 1989 ) .
the reality of their adulthood may include [ban] from the labour market ( oliver 1989 ) .

The realisation that the transition from exclusion to inclusion is a slow manoeuvre and that community care evolves rather than happens became clear soon after Elizabeth and Helen arrived at their new home .
the realisation that the transition from [ban] to inclusion is a slow manoeuvre and that community care evolves rather than happens became clear soon after elizabeth and helen arrived at their new home .

They seem only capable of being negatively reactive to other people 's suggestions , and disappointingly preoccupied with status and regard , to the almost total exclusion of serious educational debate .
they seem only capable of being negatively reactive to other people 's suggestions , and disappointingly preoccupied with status and regard , to the almost total [ban] of serious educational debate .

All his life , he had taken it for granted that they loved each other to the exclusion of anyone else .
all his life , he had taken it for granted that they loved each other to the [ban] of anyone else .

These may very briefly be described as the exclusion of lay influence from the Church at all levels from papal elections down to the investiture of bishops and the ownership of churches , and the centralization of government by frequent papal councils and synods , and by the appointment of papal legates with superior jurisdiction over wide areas .
these may very briefly be described as the [ban] of lay influence from the church at all levels from papal elections down to the investiture of bishops and the ownership of churches , and the centralization of government by frequent papal councils and synods , and by the appointment of papal legates with superior jurisdiction over wide areas .

‘ You always were a selfish little madam , wrapped up in yourself to the exclusion of everyone else .
‘ you always were a selfish little madam , wrapped up in yourself to the [ban] of everyone else .

Official and public attitudes towards older workers — which to a large extent determine the extent of their inclusion in or exclusion from the labour force — rest primarily on the demand for labour .
official and public attitudes towards older workers — which to a large extent determine the extent of their inclusion in or [ban] from the labour force — rest primarily on the demand for labour .

Social exclusion , discouragement , and early retirement
social [ban] , discouragement , and early retirement

The discouraging effects of prolonged unemployment , experience in the labour market with employers and official intermediaries , public statements by political and economic commentators , politicians , and employers about the future of employment are all part of a social process of exclusion , which probably began to set the agenda in the minds of individual older workers in the After Redundancy study even before the redundancy itself took place .
the discouraging effects of prolonged unemployment , experience in the labour market with employers and official intermediaries , public statements by political and economic commentators , politicians , and employers about the future of employment are all part of a social process of [ban] , which probably began to set the agenda in the minds of individual older workers in the after redundancy study even before the redundancy itself took place .

The process of exclusion in operation currently is an important part of the social construction of the definition and redefinition of the labour force , of the economically active and inactive , of the unemployed and retired , of the productive and unproductive , and , therefore , of working age and old age ( Walker 1980 ; Phillipson , 1982 ) .
the process of [ban] in operation currently is an important part of the social construction of the definition and redefinition of the labour force , of the economically active and inactive , of the unemployed and retired , of the productive and unproductive , and , therefore , of working age and old age ( walker 1980 ; phillipson , 1982 ) .

While ‘ Shine On ’ has too many holes in it ( the exclusion of Syd 's ‘ Piper At The Gates Of Dawn ’ is a gaping omission ) to be considered a ‘ definitive ’ historical document of Pink Floyd , it does contain some quite magnificent state-of-the-art rock music .
while ‘ shine on ’ has too many holes in it ( the [ban] of syd 's ‘ piper at the gates of dawn ’ is a gaping omission ) to be considered a ‘ definitive ’ historical document of pink floyd , it does contain some quite magnificent state-of-the-art rock music .

The most conspicuous exclusion in the show is Louise Bourgeois , whose career spans from 1947 to the present .
the most conspicuous [ban] in the show is louise bourgeois , whose career spans from 1947 to the present .

Assuming that a path can be found through the sometimes difficult terrain of the language , this book should show students the advantages to be gained from a collapse of boundaries between the disciplines of art and politics , and from a policy of inclusion rather than exclusion .
assuming that a path can be found through the sometimes difficult terrain of the language , this book should show students the advantages to be gained from a collapse of boundaries between the disciplines of art and politics , and from a policy of inclusion rather than [ban] .

The stinging cells of some anemones and corals are quite capable of killing their neighbours allowing one species to completely dominate a part of the reef to the exclusion of other species .
the stinging cells of some anemones and corals are quite capable of killing their neighbours allowing one species to completely dominate a part of the reef to the [ban] of other species .

The very phrase implies exclusion , segregation , a particular approach to learning and teaching .
the very phrase implies [ban] , segregation , a particular approach to learning and teaching .

Its focus is not so much on the individuals who work and produce as on the production process , and this rather impersonal and abstract approach makes it difficult or even unnecessary to look for any exclusion of women , although this occurs .
its focus is not so much on the individuals who work and produce as on the production process , and this rather impersonal and abstract approach makes it difficult or even unnecessary to look for any [ban] of women , although this occurs .

Mildred was very upset at her exclusion from Hallowe'en for several reasons .
mildred was very upset at her [ban] from hallowe'en for several reasons .

13.2.2.1 such consent shall wherever practicable be given on the basis of and subject to the exclusion of any commercially sensitive information
13.2.2.1 such consent shall wherever practicable be given on the basis of and subject to the [ban] of any commercially sensitive information

In part because of the geographic isolation of the borough , in part because of the necessity of living near the workplace , this population was rooted in the locality , producing a fierce sense of self identity and exclusion .
in part because of the geographic isolation of the borough , in part because of the necessity of living near the workplace , this population was rooted in the locality , producing a fierce sense of self identity and [ban] .

The choice of subjects to study — systems of domination , collusion and exclusion — may be value-laden ; but given the wide-ranging dispositions of elite studies , it seems best characterized as the favoured method of anti-utopian ‘ realists ’ , whether of the left , right or centre .
the choice of subjects to study — systems of domination , collusion and [ban] — may be value-laden ; but given the wide-ranging dispositions of elite studies , it seems best characterized as the favoured method of anti-utopian ‘ realists ’ , whether of the left , right or centre .

The state is simply the agency which buttresses and consolidates the rules and institutions of exclusion , which are not confined to class and educational credentials , but in particular societies may also include racial , religious , ethnic , and gender-based forms of exploitation .
the state is simply the agency which buttresses and consolidates the rules and institutions of [ban] , which are not confined to class and educational credentials , but in particular societies may also include racial , religious , ethnic , and gender-based forms of exploitation .

Whereas the nineteenth-century state concerned itself with the common affairs of all capital owners , the growth of giant industrial corporations and of large financial combines has now led to the almost complete exclusion of other capitalist fractions from influence over the state .
whereas the nineteenth-century state concerned itself with the common affairs of all capital owners , the growth of giant industrial corporations and of large financial combines has now led to the almost complete [ban] of other capitalist fractions from influence over the state .

maternal uncle ) and points to his exclusion of other arguably relevant relationships such as those between brother and sister , and husband and wife .
maternal uncle ) and points to his [ban] of other arguably relevant relationships such as those between brother and sister , and husband and wife .

However , the preservation of a rape survivor 's anonymity needs more than the exclusion of the name .
however , the preservation of a rape survivor 's anonymity needs more than the [ban] of the name .

It is not due to the exclusion of certain categories of people from attendance .
it is not due to the [ban] of certain categories of people from attendance .

The interactions are represented by integer-spin fields that do not obey the Pauli exclusion principle .
the interactions are represented by integer-spin fields that do not obey the pauli [ban] principle .

Before the end of the seventh century the black-figure convention had been accepted by Attic vase-painters to the virtual exclusion of any other , even when they painted flat plaques analogous in intention to the wooden ones .
before the end of the seventh century the black-figure convention had been accepted by attic vase-painters to the virtual [ban] of any other , even when they painted flat plaques analogous in intention to the wooden ones .

For example , there may be good grounds for the total exclusion of the public from some nature reserves .
for example , there may be good grounds for the total [ban] of the public from some nature reserves .

These forms of disability representation naturalise the exclusion of disabled people from societies which are organised on an ability to gain employment and these representations are the target of non-disabled people for the ridding of their fears over their own ‘ able-bodied ’ decline , mortality or loss of power .
these forms of disability representation naturalise the [ban] of disabled people from societies which are organised on an ability to gain employment and these representations are the target of non-disabled people for the ridding of their fears over their own ‘ able-bodied ’ decline , mortality or loss of power .

Disability arts , on the other hand , where , for example , sculpture is designed to be touched as well as seen , and songs are written about the world as we see it , can redress the balance and engage a lot of people in questioning assumptions that their exclusion from society is a fact of life .
disability arts , on the other hand , where , for example , sculpture is designed to be touched as well as seen , and songs are written about the world as we see it , can redress the balance and engage a lot of people in questioning assumptions that their [ban] from society is a fact of life .

However , this power was rarely used because both the main sanctions available to staff — contacting users ' families and exclusion — have negative implications for both parties .
however , this power was rarely used because both the main sanctions available to staff — contacting users ' families and [ban] — have negative implications for both parties .

With exclusion , users are denied access to a valuable social resource .
with [ban] , users are denied access to a valuable social resource .

Most of the overt justification for the exclusion of disabled people from the health and caring professions is in terms of the disabled people themselves .
most of the overt justification for the [ban] of disabled people from the health and caring professions is in terms of the disabled people themselves .

This exclusion of higher education from consideration by sociologists of education must in part be due to the fact that higher education is not compulsory ; it is perhaps difficult to argue that something which is a matter of choice can in any sense be repressive .
this [ban] of higher education from consideration by sociologists of education must in part be due to the fact that higher education is not compulsory ; it is perhaps difficult to argue that something which is a matter of choice can in any sense be repressive .

Hubbard ( 1981 ) has pointed to the inbuilt sexist assumptions of much biology , while Lanser and Torton Beck ( 1979 ) have pointed to the exclusion of female writers and critics from syllabuses of English .
hubbard ( 1981 ) has pointed to the inbuilt sexist assumptions of much biology , while lanser and torton beck ( 1979 ) have pointed to the [ban] of female writers and critics from syllabuses of english .

The significant increase in the number of people without work , the exclusion of the very poorest from the country 's rapidly rising living standards , the hardening of attitudes towards this group amongst those who feel they are ‘ making it ’ , together with the Thatcher Governments ' determination to widen class differences , are the root causes .
the significant increase in the number of people without work , the [ban] of the very poorest from the country 's rapidly rising living standards , the hardening of attitudes towards this group amongst those who feel they are ‘ making it ’ , together with the thatcher governments ' determination to widen class differences , are the root causes .

It should come as little surprise that some of those who feel they have no stake in ‘ official ’ society should react in a way that demonstrates their exclusion .
it should come as little surprise that some of those who feel they have no stake in ‘ official ’ society should react in a way that demonstrates their [ban] .

Such exclusion from citizenship is again the mark of the underclass .
such [ban] from citizenship is again the mark of the underclass .

Mass unemployment has led to an exclusion from sharing in the country 's prosperity , and thereby in the hope of seeing one 's economic position improve , for a significant group of the population .
mass unemployment has led to an [ban] from sharing in the country 's prosperity , and thereby in the hope of seeing one 's economic position improve , for a significant group of the population .

While this reform is specifically designed to prevent many of today 's disgruntled education consumers joining the ranks of tomorrow 's underclass , it will of course have implications for a much wider group of young people , whose talents and needs have been all too little met by the emphasis on the reorganization of secondary education to the exclusion of all other considerations .
while this reform is specifically designed to prevent many of today 's disgruntled education consumers joining the ranks of tomorrow 's underclass , it will of course have implications for a much wider group of young people , whose talents and needs have been all too little met by the emphasis on the reorganization of secondary education to the [ban] of all other considerations .

Of course , concern with the product to the exclusion of everything else customer , market , cash-flow , productivity , and so on — can lead to the kind of product fetishism which allows ‘ good ’ engineering firms to go bust .
of course , concern with the product to the [ban] of everything else customer , market , cash-flow , productivity , and so on — can lead to the kind of product fetishism which allows ‘ good ’ engineering firms to go bust .

Other criteria are used , and it is , as if by magic , that these ‘ fair-minded ’ criteria result in the exclusion of non-whites .
other criteria are used , and it is , as if by magic , that these ‘ fair-minded ’ criteria result in the [ban] of non-whites .

Exclusion clauses
[ban] clauses

For the purposes of the present work , there will be an emphasis on structural differentiation and the availability of industrial products to the mass population , providing a material rather than an evolutionary legitimation for the exclusion , with respect to issues thought to be specific to modernity , of countries without monetary wealth or the necessary degree of equitable distribution .
for the purposes of the present work , there will be an emphasis on structural differentiation and the availability of industrial products to the mass population , providing a material rather than an evolutionary legitimation for the [ban] , with respect to issues thought to be specific to modernity , of countries without monetary wealth or the necessary degree of equitable distribution .

Long-wave theories focus on changes in industrial production to the exclusion of all others and even within that sphere their subject matter is restricted to changes in material aspects of production , the hardware that is used in production or in the material goods that are produced .
long-wave theories focus on changes in industrial production to the [ban] of all others and even within that sphere their subject matter is restricted to changes in material aspects of production , the hardware that is used in production or in the material goods that are produced .

This unease is intensely felt on Sir Thomas 's return to Mansfield Park from the West Indies , a flaw in him which is finally accountable for Julia 's errors and for Maria 's exclusion from polite society .
this unease is intensely felt on sir thomas 's return to mansfield park from the west indies , a flaw in him which is finally accountable for julia 's errors and for maria 's [ban] from polite society .

But where privacy in the little closets of the eighteenth-century house is the individual 's privilege , for the Victorians the emphasis falls much more upon exclusion .
but where privacy in the little closets of the eighteenth-century house is the individual 's privilege , for the victorians the emphasis falls much more upon [ban] .

Their exclusion from the normal commerce of local society was perpetuated long beyond the time when leprosy had been controlled ; indeed , it was not until the nineteenth century that some Cagots finally became authentic citizens .
their [ban] from the normal commerce of local society was perpetuated long beyond the time when leprosy had been controlled ; indeed , it was not until the nineteenth century that some cagots finally became authentic citizens .

They continue to be an important mechanism of exclusion , stereo typification and marginalization , reinforced as they are by representations in the mass media ( Hartmann and Husband , 1974 ; Hall , 1981 ; Murdock , 1984 ) .
they continue to be an important mechanism of [ban] , stereo typification and marginalization , reinforced as they are by representations in the mass media ( hartmann and husband , 1974 ; hall , 1981 ; murdock , 1984 ) .

Both working-class and middle-class masculinities are involved , with defences of the neighbourhood against racialized ‘ others ’ which Cohen refers to as the ‘ nationalism of the neighbourhood ’ ( Cohen , 1988 ) ; the proving of masculinity by beating up ‘ Pakis ’ ( Willis , 1978 ) ; the sexual harassment of black women ; and an aspect that deserves much greater research , in the middle-class and professional institutional context , the complex intertwining of masculinity , class and racism in the exclusion of blacks from employment or promotion by white male managers .
both working-class and middle-class masculinities are involved , with defences of the neighbourhood against racialized ‘ others ’ which cohen refers to as the ‘ nationalism of the neighbourhood ’ ( cohen , 1988 ) ; the proving of masculinity by beating up ‘ pakis ’ ( willis , 1978 ) ; the sexual harassment of black women ; and an aspect that deserves much greater research , in the middle-class and professional institutional context , the complex intertwining of masculinity , class and racism in the [ban] of blacks from employment or promotion by white male managers .

The means of their exclusion is identified in the colourful deviancy which is produced by their pathological family forms .
the means of their [ban] is identified in the colourful deviancy which is produced by their pathological family forms .

How has the power of this system of classification been dealt with by those who have been victims of its perverse games of inclusion and exclusion ?
how has the power of this system of classification been dealt with by those who have been victims of its perverse games of inclusion and [ban] ?

Another distinguishing feature of casual working , and one likely to influence courts in their conclusion that it is a form of self-employment , is the exclusion of the worker from access to fringe benefits .
another distinguishing feature of casual working , and one likely to influence courts in their conclusion that it is a form of self-employment , is the [ban] of the worker from access to fringe benefits .

It is characterized by very short durations of employment , in most cases by an exclusion of the worker concerned from all of the fringe benefits enjoyed many other workers , but above all by the categorization of the workers concerned as self-employed persons contracting to supply their services .
it is characterized by very short durations of employment , in most cases by an [ban] of the worker concerned from all of the fringe benefits enjoyed many other workers , but above all by the categorization of the workers concerned as self-employed persons contracting to supply their services .

As finally worded , therefore , the order contained no exclusion clause , other than that implied in the phrases `` serving in German forces `` and `` should be disarmed `` .
as finally worded , therefore , the order contained no [ban] clause , other than that implied in the phrases `` serving in german forces `` and `` should be disarmed `` .

Yet in the final version of the order this exclusion was omitted .
yet in the final version of the order this [ban] was omitted .

The inclusion or exclusion of information is decided by our historical experience which is gained by reading , discussion and thought .
the inclusion or [ban] of information is decided by our historical experience which is gained by reading , discussion and thought .

Exclusion of relevant evidence because of non-conformity to some legal rule can also undermine the factual quality of acquittals .
[ban] of relevant evidence because of non-conformity to some legal rule can also undermine the factual quality of acquittals .

This involves the exclusion of other areas of their lives in order to concentrate on the matter in hand .
this involves the [ban] of other areas of their lives in order to concentrate on the matter in hand .

Social closure involves the exclusion of some people from membership of a status group .
social closure involves the [ban] of some people from membership of a status group .

The caste system is an extreme example of social closure since the exclusion of outsiders from the status group is so complete .
the caste system is an extreme example of social closure since the [ban] of outsiders from the status group is so complete .

Family contacts were very important in uniting the upper classes and achieving a high degree of social closure ( the exclusion of outsiders ) .
family contacts were very important in uniting the upper classes and achieving a high degree of social closure ( the [ban] of outsiders ) .

Although there is little criticism of the foundation 's decision to support such research , other medical charities argue that its explicit exclusion of research on animals may encourage other smaller research-funding bodies to take a similar stand , a move that could make life increasingly difficult for medical researchers .
although there is little criticism of the foundation 's decision to support such research , other medical charities argue that its explicit [ban] of research on animals may encourage other smaller research-funding bodies to take a similar stand , a move that could make life increasingly difficult for medical researchers .

Tim Guldimann , head of economics and foreign policy in the Swiss science policy coordinating group , says that all sides suffer from the exclusion of Swiss researchers .
tim guldimann , head of economics and foreign policy in the swiss science policy coordinating group , says that all sides suffer from the [ban] of swiss researchers .

Alexander was probably right to think , as he evidently did , that he would be better off if Persia rather than Athens ruled the Aegean : within a decade of the establishment of the Delian League , Athens began the expansion in the north , and the attempt to settle Amphipolis , on the River Strymon , which at certain times in the next century and a half dominated her foreign policy to the exclusion of all else ( Thuc .
alexander was probably right to think , as he evidently did , that he would be better off if persia rather than athens ruled the aegean : within a decade of the establishment of the delian league , athens began the expansion in the north , and the attempt to settle amphipolis , on the river strymon , which at certain times in the next century and a half dominated her foreign policy to the [ban] of all else ( thuc .

Most attention has been directed at the in-migrants and out-migrants to the exclusion of a core of more or less stable groups .
most attention has been directed at the in-migrants and out-migrants to the [ban] of a core of more or less stable groups .

In time , the system came to be criticized for being too narrowly focused on land use ( to the exclusion of social planning ) , as well as for being slow and inflexible .
in time , the system came to be criticized for being too narrowly focused on land use ( to the [ban] of social planning ) , as well as for being slow and inflexible .

This influenced the spirit and the formulation of the Town and Country Planning Act 1947 , so that the main tasks of country planning were viewed as being the exclusion of urban sprawl from rural areas .
this influenced the spirit and the formulation of the town and country planning act 1947 , so that the main tasks of country planning were viewed as being the [ban] of urban sprawl from rural areas .

The French , like the Austrians and the Russians , were quite ready to consider the exclusion of the Turks from Serbia and , indeed , from all their European provinces , if they could see an advantage for themselves , but they also saw the danger of a disastrous confrontation if any of them moved before the time was ripe .
the french , like the austrians and the russians , were quite ready to consider the [ban] of the turks from serbia and , indeed , from all their european provinces , if they could see an advantage for themselves , but they also saw the danger of a disastrous confrontation if any of them moved before the time was ripe .

The situation of older Black women is even worse , suffering as they do exclusion based on both patriarchy and racism .
the situation of older black women is even worse , suffering as they do [ban] based on both patriarchy and racism .

It is important to emphasise before concluding this section that although flat-rate and earnings-related pensions imply that social needs are similar among older people — as , indeed , does the exclusion of older people from some benefits for people with disabilities ( Walker , 1990 ) — the fact is that needs , as well as resources , are unevenly distributed in old age .
it is important to emphasise before concluding this section that although flat-rate and earnings-related pensions imply that social needs are similar among older people — as , indeed , does the [ban] of older people from some benefits for people with disabilities ( walker , 1990 ) — the fact is that needs , as well as resources , are unevenly distributed in old age .

This social process of exclusion has denied both older women and men access to earnings and the other economic , social and psychological aspects of the workplace .
this social process of [ban] has denied both older women and men access to earnings and the other economic , social and psychological aspects of the workplace .

The operation of this social process of exclusion from the formal economy ( called retirement ) has been closely related to the organisation of production and the demand for labour .
the operation of this social process of [ban] from the formal economy ( called retirement ) has been closely related to the organisation of production and the demand for labour .

The corollary of this social process of exclusion from the labour force , coupled with restricted access to alternative forms of post-retirement income , is that older people and women in particular are heavily dependent on the state for financial support .
the corollary of this social process of [ban] from the labour force , coupled with restricted access to alternative forms of post-retirement income , is that older people and women in particular are heavily dependent on the state for financial support .

On the one hand , age-restrictive social policies have been used by the state both to exclude older workers from the labour force and to legitimate that exclusion through the notion of ‘ retirement ’ .
on the one hand , age-restrictive social policies have been used by the state both to exclude older workers from the labour force and to legitimate that [ban] through the notion of ‘ retirement ’ .

The Social Security Pensions Act 1975 specifically allows employers to exclude workers from membership of occupational pension schemes by occupational category , thus facilitating the legal exclusion of women in vertically segregated occupational categories which are mainly or exclusively female .
the social security pensions act 1975 specifically allows employers to exclude workers from membership of occupational pension schemes by occupational category , thus facilitating the legal [ban] of women in vertically segregated occupational categories which are mainly or exclusively female .

If the only thing that matters to Mr Hughes is saturation cricket coverage to the exclusion of everything else and regardless of quality , then Sky is for him .
if the only thing that matters to mr hughes is saturation cricket coverage to the [ban] of everything else and regardless of quality , then sky is for him .

In particular , the shifts from entitlement to discretion , exemplified by the Social Fund , and the exclusion of certain groups from the benefits system , notably 16- and 17-year olds .
in particular , the shifts from entitlement to discretion , exemplified by the social fund , and the [ban] of certain groups from the benefits system , notably 16- and 17-year olds .

To show that the exclusion from conventional class based analyses of child mortality of children whose parents are classified as ‘ unoccupied ’ produces a misleading picture of health inequalities .
to show that the [ban] from conventional class based analyses of child mortality of children whose parents are classified as ‘ unoccupied ’ produces a misleading picture of health inequalities .

Exclusion criteria were the presence of moderate or severe dehydration or evidence of cardiac , renal , or metabolic disease , disease of the central nervous system , or severe anaemia .
[ban] criteria were the presence of moderate or severe dehydration or evidence of cardiac , renal , or metabolic disease , disease of the central nervous system , or severe anaemia .

The exclusion of two children with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma ( whose parents could not be traced ) probably did not affect the results .
the [ban] of two children with non-hodgkin 's lymphoma ( whose parents could not be traced ) probably did not affect the results .

With the exclusion of prompted consultations for diabetic review they disclosed a high annual consultation rate for both groups ( 8.1 in the prompted group v 6.4 per year in the controls ; p=NS ) .
with the [ban] of prompted consultations for diabetic review they disclosed a high annual consultation rate for both groups ( 8.1 in the prompted group v 6.4 per year in the controls ; p=ns ) .

In the final analysis , collective security was founded on what Nizan referred to as the Soviet formula of `` treaties accessible to everyone `` , not on the Hitlerian formula of `` treaties accessible to a few at the exclusion of everyone else `` , Nizan ceaselessly denounced all attempts to reduce international diplomacy to what he disparagingly termed `` private agreements between gang leaders `` . ``
in the final analysis , collective security was founded on what nizan referred to as the soviet formula of `` treaties accessible to everyone `` , not on the hitlerian formula of `` treaties accessible to a few at the [ban] of everyone else `` , nizan ceaselessly denounced all attempts to reduce international diplomacy to what he disparagingly termed `` private agreements between gang leaders `` . ``

That is not to suggest , however , that we should adopt a whole curriculum approach to the exclusion of work supporting particular children .
that is not to suggest , however , that we should adopt a whole curriculum approach to the [ban] of work supporting particular children .

There is a good argument that the exclusion of a development corporation has in the long term been to Cramlington 's advantage , but the opportunity for land development profits was very important .
there is a good argument that the [ban] of a development corporation has in the long term been to cramlington 's advantage , but the opportunity for land development profits was very important .

For instance , one problem not entirely trivial for women pursuing careers , is their exclusion from male gatherings in bars , which are important channels for passing on information .
for instance , one problem not entirely trivial for women pursuing careers , is their [ban] from male gatherings in bars , which are important channels for passing on information .

How far can the characteristics suggested for tribunals be said to be true of tribunals to the exclusion of other forms of dispute resolution ?
how far can the characteristics suggested for tribunals be said to be true of tribunals to the [ban] of other forms of dispute resolution ?

In actions in contract and tort , there is a general right of appeal to the Court of Appeal ( Supreme Court Act 1981 , s.16 ) , which is excluded in relation to particular matters of which the only significant one for our purposes is the exclusion of a right of appeal against a decision of the High Court allowing an extension of time for appealing .
in actions in contract and tort , there is a general right of appeal to the court of appeal ( supreme court act 1981 , s.16 ) , which is excluded in relation to particular matters of which the only significant one for our purposes is the [ban] of a right of appeal against a decision of the high court allowing an extension of time for appealing .

where there has been improper admission or exclusion of evidence ;
where there has been improper admission or [ban] of evidence ;

It would be unlikely that , on any occasion , a natural language utterance would be used to fulfil only one function , to the total exclusion of the other .
it would be unlikely that , on any occasion , a natural language utterance would be used to fulfil only one function , to the total [ban] of the other .

Preference shift measures , too , are heavily influenced by the ‘ news ’ content of the advertisements , to the exclusion of other persuasive elements .
preference shift measures , too , are heavily influenced by the ‘ news ’ content of the advertisements , to the [ban] of other persuasive elements .

By a notice of appeal dated 1 March 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , Mrs. Mary Steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 September 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , Mr. and Mrs. Hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the exclusion of the other considerations which favoured rectification .
by a notice of appeal dated 1 march 1991 the defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , ( 1 ) that the donee of the power of appointment , the defendant 's mother , mrs. mary steed , did not know that she had been appointed attorney by the defendant and accordingly could not have known that she had any power to deal with his property when she executed the transfer of 4 september 1979 , and that in those circumstances the plea of non est factum ought to have succeeded on the judge 's finding that the donee was tricked into signing the transfer ; ( 2 ) the judge having rightly concluded that the transaction as affected was not a sale , save possibly at such a gross undervalue as to vitiate it as a sale , should therefore have held that the transfer was void and ineffective ; ( 3 ) the judge having rightly concluded that he retained a discretion to rectify the charges register against the registered holder , notwithstanding , as he found , that ( i ) the title of the mortgagors , mr. and mrs. hammond , was merely voidable and not void , and ( ii ) that the registered holders of the charge were bona fide mortgagees for value without notice of the facts giving rise to voidability , then wrongly exercised his discretion to refuse to rectify since the considerations in favour of rectification could hardly have been stronger and his refusal to exercise his discretion was tantamount to denying the effective existence of such discretion , as if it was not exercised on the facts of this case it could never , or virtually never , be exercised at all ; and that , in the premises , the judge had erred in law in placing excessive reliance upon ( i ) and ( ii ) above to the [ban] of the other considerations which favoured rectification .

Subsection ( 8 ) deals with the special case where an authorised institution is itself a trustee and holds sums which , but for the exclusion in section 5 ( 3 ) ( a ) , would be a deposit .
subsection ( 8 ) deals with the special case where an authorised institution is itself a trustee and holds sums which , but for the [ban] in section 5 ( 3 ) ( a ) , would be a deposit .

In my judgment , the meaning of the words used is too clear to permit the exclusion of negligent basic valuations by an employee of the society by any process of construction .
in my judgment , the meaning of the words used is too clear to permit the [ban] of negligent basic valuations by an employee of the society by any process of construction .

He was , in my opinion , in error to exclude the possibility of holding an inquest by concentrating on the medical cause of death to the exclusion of all other evidence .
he was , in my opinion , in error to exclude the possibility of holding an inquest by concentrating on the medical cause of death to the [ban] of all other evidence .

By a notice of appeal dated 23 April 1992 the Treasury Solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the Evidence ( Proceedings in Other Jurisdictions ) Act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the Act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the exclusion contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a Crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the Crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the exclusion , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the exclusion in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the United Kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the Act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the Crown as a party to the Hague Convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .
by a notice of appeal dated 23 april 1992 the treasury solicitor appealed on the grounds that ( 1 ) on a true construction of the evidence ( proceedings in other jurisdictions ) act 1975 the court was precluded from making the order for examination ; ( 2 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in making the order and in holding that ( i ) it was possible to interpret section 9(4) of the act so as not to preclude the order sought , ( ii ) the [ban] contained in section 9(4) was restricted to cases where the actual capacity in which the witness was called on to give evidence was a crown capacity and that the fact that the evidence sought was acquired in the course of the witness 's employment as a servant of the crown was not of itself sufficient to bring the case within the [ban] , ( iii ) the fact that the witness was now retired from his position was relevant to the question whether the [ban] in section 9(4) applied , ( iv ) if some other interpretation were possible , it would be unacceptable to approach section 9(4) as requiring the court to refuse to make the order that a witness who was competent and compellable within the united kingdom should give evidence for foreign proceedings , ( v ) there was nothing in the material sought to be given in evidence which it could have been the policy or intention of the act to have prevented being explored ; ( 3 ) the deputy judge had erred in law in approaching the question of capacity by concentrating on the position of the witness at the time that the evidence was to be given as opposed to the position of the witness at the time that he acquired the information which was the subject matter of the evidence and the nature content and source of such evidence ; ( 4 ) the judge had wrongly ignored the fact that the crown as a party to the hague convention was in a position to give effect to it and to provide evidence to foreign courts in accordance with it without recourse to the court ; and ( 5 ) the judge had wrongly approached section 9(4) on the footing that it most likely addressed prejudice to the sovereignty of the state .

Some strands in Christendom , particularly the Catholic , have laid stress on God the Father almost to the exclusion of the Son and the Spirit .
some strands in christendom , particularly the catholic , have laid stress on god the father almost to the [ban] of the son and the spirit .

Moreover , these rules served to protect established policies and the easy access of those groups and interests advantaged by them , at the same time as groups urging change were ruled out of court by a whole series of exclusion devices .
moreover , these rules served to protect established policies and the easy access of those groups and interests advantaged by them , at the same time as groups urging change were ruled out of court by a whole series of [ban] devices .

They had found their own solution to the humanist problem of mating music with words in musique mesurée , the influence of which lingered on although it was no longer practised with doctrinaire thoroughness , and the air de cour with lute accompaniment flourished to the near exclusion of polyphonic song , though some of the published lute airs were obviously based on polyphonic originals .
they had found their own solution to the humanist problem of mating music with words in musique mesurée , the influence of which lingered on although it was no longer practised with doctrinaire thoroughness , and the air de cour with lute accompaniment flourished to the near [ban] of polyphonic song , though some of the published lute airs were obviously based on polyphonic originals .

Going against the grain : alternatives to exclusion
going against the grain : alternatives to [ban]

Wu Shih is holding an emergency meeting of the Seven and there 's a two-hundred- li exclusion zone about Manhattan .
wu shih is holding an emergency meeting of the seven and there 's a two-hundred- li [ban] zone about manhattan .

Yet even the padding , gliding , stooping bodies of his sisters , assisted by his mother , at the change from the hot food to the offerings of the first cherries , became visible and eloquent to Davide in his exclusion from the conference between the other older men and Tommaso .
yet even the padding , gliding , stooping bodies of his sisters , assisted by his mother , at the change from the hot food to the offerings of the first cherries , became visible and eloquent to davide in his [ban] from the conference between the other older men and tommaso .

The Sale of Goods Act , 1979 also contains provisions preventing consumers ' rights from being eroded by exclusion clauses and special guarantees .
the sale of goods act , 1979 also contains provisions preventing consumers ' rights from being eroded by [ban] clauses and special guarantees .

Another protection for consumers in their dealings with commercial organizations is provided by the Unfair Contract Terms Act , 1977 , which protects individuals against possible loss of rights from exclusion clauses and disclaimer notices on posters , tickets etc .
another protection for consumers in their dealings with commercial organizations is provided by the unfair contract terms act , 1977 , which protects individuals against possible loss of rights from [ban] clauses and disclaimer notices on posters , tickets etc .

By 1846 the repeal of the Corn Laws — which ended the protection of corn and the underwriting of agricultural rents by the exclusion of cheaper foreign competition — spelt the death knell of the aristocracy 's dominance of the economy and society .
by 1846 the repeal of the corn laws — which ended the protection of corn and the underwriting of agricultural rents by the [ban] of cheaper foreign competition — spelt the death knell of the aristocracy 's dominance of the economy and society .

In this widely accepted view [ of pluralism ] , no one group always dominates to the exclusion of others .
in this widely accepted view [ of pluralism ] , no one group always dominates to the [ban] of others .

Similarly , Wolin makes explicit the relationship between group bargaining and the exclusion of particular groups by arguing that since legitimacy is something that has become associated with groups , public authority has no source of power peculiarly its own ' .
similarly , wolin makes explicit the relationship between group bargaining and the [ban] of particular groups by arguing that since legitimacy is something that has become associated with groups , public authority has no source of power peculiarly its own ' .

The problem with it , so far as we can see , is that if the political system is democratic and the state is relatively neutral then how is it that anyone could use the system in such a way as to ensure that it permanently advantaged them to the exclusion of other actors and interests in the system ?
the problem with it , so far as we can see , is that if the political system is democratic and the state is relatively neutral then how is it that anyone could use the system in such a way as to ensure that it permanently advantaged them to the [ban] of other actors and interests in the system ?

Under authority invested in the Minister for Home Affairs , the Act also provided for internment without trial , the imposition of curfews , the serving of exclusion orders against named persons , the prohibition and distribution of certain forms of literature , the banning of various associations and the death penalty for causing or attempting to cause an explosion likely to lead to injury .
under authority invested in the minister for home affairs , the act also provided for internment without trial , the imposition of curfews , the serving of [ban] orders against named persons , the prohibition and distribution of certain forms of literature , the banning of various associations and the death penalty for causing or attempting to cause an explosion likely to lead to injury .

The Act enables the authorities to detain anyone ‘ 'reasonably ’ suspected of being involved in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism ' ( Hewitt , 1982:166 ) for up to 7 days , and to take out exclusion orders banning British and Irish citizens from leaving or entering Great Britain or Northern Ireland on the grounds that they have been , or intend to become , involved in acts of terrorism .
the act enables the authorities to detain anyone ‘ 'reasonably ’ suspected of being involved in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism ' ( hewitt , 1982:166 ) for up to 7 days , and to take out [ban] orders banning british and irish citizens from leaving or entering great britain or northern ireland on the grounds that they have been , or intend to become , involved in acts of terrorism .

What is initially posed as a choice between two mutually exclusive alternatives becomes that between the exclusion of serious values and the inclusion of the best of both worlds .
what is initially posed as a choice between two mutually exclusive alternatives becomes that between the [ban] of serious values and the inclusion of the best of both worlds .

She both appropriates and adulterates the discourses of history , challenging their claim to tell the truth and their implicit exclusion of women from positions of discursive authority .
she both appropriates and adulterates the discourses of history , challenging their claim to tell the truth and their implicit [ban] of women from positions of discursive authority .

forme vide qui répond de la structure … . Impliqué dans la communication comme sa possibilité de fonctionnement , ce troisième nombre … est un blanc , un vide , le lieu d'une exclusion , la négation qui permet á une structure d'exister en tant que tel. ( 1966:17 )
forme vide qui répond de la structure … . impliqué dans la communication comme sa possibilité de fonctionnement , ce troisième nombre … est un blanc , un vide , le lieu d'une [ban] , la négation qui permet á une structure d'exister en tant que tel. ( 1966:17 )

Face á son image le sujet s'éprouve comme situé au lieu de cette exclusion , non spécularisable … . Ainsi , l'expérience spéculaire est-elle réminiscence de ce passage par le néant que suppose l'introduction du sujet dans l'ordre du signifiant , figuré au mieux par l'imposition du nom propre. ( 24 )
face á son image le sujet s'éprouve comme situé au lieu de cette [ban] , non spécularisable … . ainsi , l'expérience spéculaire est-elle réminiscence de ce passage par le néant que suppose l'introduction du sujet dans l'ordre du signifiant , figuré au mieux par l'imposition du nom propre. ( 24 )

If Thru may be read as a deconstruction of the androcentric preconceptions in the theories of certain structuralists , Amalgamemnon can be seen as a burlesque exposition of the procedures of exclusion operative in dominant versions of truth about the world , from the texts of antiquity to modern-day news broadcasts on the radio .
if thru may be read as a deconstruction of the androcentric preconceptions in the theories of certain structuralists , amalgamemnon can be seen as a burlesque exposition of the procedures of [ban] operative in dominant versions of truth about the world , from the texts of antiquity to modern-day news broadcasts on the radio .

Amalgamemnon takes the pejorative term ‘ redundancy ’ and uses it to fight the very exclusion it designates .
amalgamemnon takes the pejorative term ‘ redundancy ’ and uses it to fight the very [ban] it designates .

Jip and Zab criticize the scientists who analyse Xorandor for their obsessive concern with his ‘ synchronic ’ functioning to the exclusion of his ‘ genealogy ’ ( 60,191 ) .
jip and zab criticize the scientists who analyse xorandor for their obsessive concern with his ‘ synchronic ’ functioning to the [ban] of his ‘ genealogy ’ ( 60,191 ) .

The case itself was taken a step further to consider the effect of the various documents in the light of section 10 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 , which prohibits exclusion clauses in one contract , which purport to affect another agreement .
the case itself was taken a step further to consider the effect of the various documents in the light of section 10 of the unfair contract terms act 1977 , which prohibits [ban] clauses in one contract , which purport to affect another agreement .

Mrs Thatcher attempted to justify the exclusion of local authorities on the grounds that left-wing city councils persistently refused to co-operate with private industry .
mrs thatcher attempted to justify the [ban] of local authorities on the grounds that left-wing city councils persistently refused to co-operate with private industry .

One good feature of the scheme is that single parents are entitled to child care payments , although the benefit of this development is reduced by the exclusion of lone mothers with children below school age .
one good feature of the scheme is that single parents are entitled to child care payments , although the benefit of this development is reduced by the [ban] of lone mothers with children below school age .

The Training Agency frequently claims that it insists on non-discriminatory practices , but ‘ all the evidence points to widespread exclusion of Black trainees from prestigious employer based schemes … most likely to lead to full-time jobs , top-ups to the allowance and higher quality training ’ .
the training agency frequently claims that it insists on non-discriminatory practices , but ‘ all the evidence points to widespread [ban] of black trainees from prestigious employer based schemes … most likely to lead to full-time jobs , top-ups to the allowance and higher quality training ’ .

The will also certainly have noticed the virtual exclusion of non-American business .
the will also certainly have noticed the virtual [ban] of non-american business .

Only through his exclusion can reason be reclaimed in the name of universal progress and humanity .
only through his [ban] can reason be reclaimed in the name of universal progress and humanity .

Concessions contained within the agreement include the reduction in the number of days on which firing can take place , the replacement of high explosive high artillery rounds with training rounds by September 1998 and the exclusion of training from 400 acres of land at Quintin 's Man and Rough Tor .
concessions contained within the agreement include the reduction in the number of days on which firing can take place , the replacement of high explosive high artillery rounds with training rounds by september 1998 and the [ban] of training from 400 acres of land at quintin 's man and rough tor .

Looking at them , she experienced a curious sense of exclusion ; she wondered who the woman was ; she wondered how well Giles knew her .
looking at them , she experienced a curious sense of [ban] ; she wondered who the woman was ; she wondered how well giles knew her .

Because debate is framed in terms of those who are fully competent to exercise academic freedom , and because students almost by definition are not felt to be properly ‘ competent ’ , the exclusion from the debate of students ' rights is hardly surprising .
because debate is framed in terms of those who are fully competent to exercise academic freedom , and because students almost by definition are not felt to be properly ‘ competent ’ , the [ban] from the debate of students ' rights is hardly surprising .

At the Restoration his exclusion from the Act of Oblivion was rejected by a small majority .
at the restoration his [ban] from the act of oblivion was rejected by a small majority .

His position , both in the City and at the Tower , impelled him into political controversy , particularly during the exclusion crisis , when he was accused of suppressing information on the Popish Plot , and when his removal was demanded by the House of Lords and his conduct inquired into by the House of Commons .
his position , both in the city and at the tower , impelled him into political controversy , particularly during the [ban] crisis , when he was accused of suppressing information on the popish plot , and when his removal was demanded by the house of lords and his conduct inquired into by the house of commons .

His most active period in the Commons came during the three Exclusion Parliaments : he served on no fewer than fifty-two committees , involving a wide range of issues .
his most active period in the commons came during the three [ban] parliaments : he served on no fewer than fifty-two committees , involving a wide range of issues .

Love voted for exclusion and concerned himself with related topics .
love voted for [ban] and concerned himself with related topics .

In the Parliament of 1679 he voted against the exclusion of the Duke of York from the throne .
in the parliament of 1679 he voted against the [ban] of the duke of york from the throne .

In that of 1680 , however , Dering announced his support for exclusion , after the Lords ' rejection of the bill .
in that of 1680 , however , dering announced his support for [ban] , after the lords ' rejection of the bill .

His monopoly of printed and written news was breached by the exclusion crisis but then restored .
his monopoly of printed and written news was breached by the [ban] crisis but then restored .

There , his wife 's exclusion of Queen Isabella [ q.v . ]
there , his wife 's [ban] of queen isabella [ q.v . ]

The king 's favour made him the special target of the reforming Ordainers , who in 1311 called for the exclusion from court of both Henry and Isabella , the resumption of his grants from the king , and the transference of the custody of Man to ‘ a good Englishman ’ ( a phrase which reveals one reason for his unpopularity ) .
the king 's favour made him the special target of the reforming ordainers , who in 1311 called for the [ban] from court of both henry and isabella , the resumption of his grants from the king , and the transference of the custody of man to ‘ a good englishman ’ ( a phrase which reveals one reason for his unpopularity ) .

Men 's opposition to women-only education , as with other women-only activities , is the fear of separatism and of men 's exclusion from influence and control in our lives .
men 's opposition to women-only education , as with other women-only activities , is the fear of separatism and of men 's [ban] from influence and control in our lives .

On the more negative side , however , the social purpose tradition of workers ' education has been concentrated overwhelmingly on the white , male , manual , working-class trade unionist , to the virtual exclusion of other sections of the working class .
on the more negative side , however , the social purpose tradition of workers ' education has been concentrated overwhelmingly on the white , male , manual , working-class trade unionist , to the virtual [ban] of other sections of the working class .

Nor will an exclusion of participation in dividends beyond a fixed preferential rate necessarily imply an exclusion of participation in capital ( or vice versa ) although it will apparently be some indication of it .
nor will an [ban] of participation in dividends beyond a fixed preferential rate necessarily imply an [ban] of participation in capital ( or vice versa ) although it will apparently be some indication of it .

The exclusion of fixed charges from section 245 arguably reflects the favouritism shown to secured creditors in English company law , although to make a secured charge subject to the claims of preferential creditors would obviously affect both the terms of credit and the amount of credit available , and this may justify the present position .
the [ban] of fixed charges from section 245 arguably reflects the favouritism shown to secured creditors in english company law , although to make a secured charge subject to the claims of preferential creditors would obviously affect both the terms of credit and the amount of credit available , and this may justify the present position .

The reason for the inclusion of ‘ to its knowledge ’ in ( a ) and ( b ) and its exclusion from ( c ) is that a subsidiary could well be ignorant , through no fault of its own , that it is a subsidiary , whereas a parent company ought to know what subsidiaries it has .
the reason for the inclusion of ‘ to its knowledge ’ in ( a ) and ( b ) and its [ban] from ( c ) is that a subsidiary could well be ignorant , through no fault of its own , that it is a subsidiary , whereas a parent company ought to know what subsidiaries it has .

The only other exclusion from the exemption is that it does not apply if at any time during the relevant accounting period the unlimited company carried on business as the promoter of a trading stamp scheme within the meaning of the Trading Stamps Act 1964 .
the only other [ban] from the exemption is that it does not apply if at any time during the relevant accounting period the unlimited company carried on business as the promoter of a trading stamp scheme within the meaning of the trading stamps act 1964 .

In profit-oriented organizations this emphasis has not been to the exclusion of performance measures for the simple reason that , because of the existence of the profit measure , the stewardship accounts can be analysed to yield pointers to performance .
in profit-oriented organizations this emphasis has not been to the [ban] of performance measures for the simple reason that , because of the existence of the profit measure , the stewardship accounts can be analysed to yield pointers to performance .

For example , in terms of performance measurement , Anthony is explicitly concerned with economy , to the exclusion of efficiency and effectiveness .
for example , in terms of performance measurement , anthony is explicitly concerned with economy , to the [ban] of efficiency and effectiveness .

The emphasis on the exclusion of outside powers from Southeast Asia could also be linked to the search for a comprehensive political settlement of the Kampuchean dispute , which would enmesh Indo-China into the arrangement reached .
the emphasis on the [ban] of outside powers from southeast asia could also be linked to the search for a comprehensive political settlement of the kampuchean dispute , which would enmesh indo-china into the arrangement reached .

The growth of peat resulted in the killing of the forest by the exclusion of air from the roots of the trees , and many of these dead trees became entombed in the peat .
the growth of peat resulted in the killing of the forest by the [ban] of air from the roots of the trees , and many of these dead trees became entombed in the peat .

White unionization led to the increasing exclusion of Blacks from the better-paid jobs .
white unionization led to the increasing [ban] of blacks from the better-paid jobs .

The exclusion of wills and conveyancing originated in a recommendation of the Legal Aid Scrutiny that public money should be directed towards the enforcement or defence of rights and not simply to enable clients to arrange their own affairs .
the [ban] of wills and conveyancing originated in a recommendation of the legal aid scrutiny that public money should be directed towards the enforcement or defence of rights and not simply to enable clients to arrange their own affairs .

However , they were oppressed , perhaps not altogether surprisingly , by the thought that , if the Act meant no more than , in plain terms , it said , then it was taking a sledgehammer to crack a very small nut , since the ambit of the exclusion — and thus the utility of the special procedures — would be very considerably narrowed .
however , they were oppressed , perhaps not altogether surprisingly , by the thought that , if the act meant no more than , in plain terms , it said , then it was taking a sledgehammer to crack a very small nut , since the ambit of the [ban] — and thus the utility of the special procedures — would be very considerably narrowed .

Parliament , it was said , could not have intended , despite the clearly expressed intention to the contrary , to have given the exclusion so limited an operation , for that would have been of very little assistance to the police .
parliament , it was said , could not have intended , despite the clearly expressed intention to the contrary , to have given the [ban] so limited an operation , for that would have been of very little assistance to the police .

The data they produce is also vulnerable to the test 's exclusion of working engines and to interference from the model supports and tunnel walls .
the data they produce is also vulnerable to the test 's [ban] of working engines and to interference from the model supports and tunnel walls .

The Braer was outside a ten mile exclusion zone when its engines failed .
the braer was outside a ten mile [ban] zone when its engines failed .

The policy is subject to the war exclusion clause .
the policy is subject to the war [ban] clause .

In such cases a number of craftsmen appear to be working together ( to the exclusion of others ) on a number of sites and pavements .
in such cases a number of craftsmen appear to be working together ( to the [ban] of others ) on a number of sites and pavements .

If such an exclusion of the Withington mosaic is accepted , It still remains a matter of conjecture as to which of the three closely related mosaics was earliest .
if such an [ban] of the withington mosaic is accepted , it still remains a matter of conjecture as to which of the three closely related mosaics was earliest .

For in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no criteria for the inclusion or exclusion of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .
for in common with all extensional definitions , it provides no criteria for the inclusion or [ban] of further phenomena that may come to our attention ; at best one can say that what warrants pragmatic treatment for some new topic is simply linguists ' consensus based on intuitive `` family resemblance `` to more familiar pragmatic topics .

Such an exclusion would rely on the restricted sense of encoding that required , inter alia , that the significances in question are ( a ) intentionally conveyed ( and we can now say , meant-nn ) and ( b ) conventionally associated with the relevant linguistic forms .
such an [ban] would rely on the restricted sense of encoding that required , inter alia , that the significances in question are ( a ) intentionally conveyed ( and we can now say , meant-nn ) and ( b ) conventionally associated with the relevant linguistic forms .

Their exclusion is unfair and unjust .
their [ban] is unfair and unjust .

3.8.2 with effect from the Possession Date pay and indemnify the Landlord against all rates taxes assessments duties charges impositions and outgoings from time to time charged upon the Premises or the owner or occupier of them Although unlikely to have such a constriction placed on it , there is something to be said for inserting a similar exclusion into this clause to that inserted in clause 5.2.1 of the lease .
3.8.2 with effect from the possession date pay and indemnify the landlord against all rates taxes assessments duties charges impositions and outgoings from time to time charged upon the premises or the owner or occupier of them although unlikely to have such a constriction placed on it , there is something to be said for inserting a similar [ban] into this clause to that inserted in clause 5.2.1 of the lease .

The exclusion of parts of the centre `` let or constructed or adapted for letting `` is fair and reasonable , but quite often an exclusion will relate only to parts of the centre `` not let on the same terms as this lease `` which could result in the occupying tenants paying part of the service charges for unlet premises .
the [ban] of parts of the centre `` let or constructed or adapted for letting `` is fair and reasonable , but quite often an [ban] will relate only to parts of the centre `` not let on the same terms as this lease `` which could result in the occupying tenants paying part of the service charges for unlet premises .

An exclusion of structural or inherent defects may be a starting point , although it could be suggested that the expression `` inherent defect `` has no clear meaning and that the exemption of the tenant from such liability may , from the landlord 's point of view , make serious inroads into a full repairing liability .
an [ban] of structural or inherent defects may be a starting point , although it could be suggested that the expression `` inherent defect `` has no clear meaning and that the exemption of the tenant from such liability may , from the landlord 's point of view , make serious inroads into a full repairing liability .

9.9 Exclusion of use warranty Nothing in this Lease or in any consent granted by the Landlord under this Lease shall imply or warrant that the Premises may lawfully be used under the Planning Acts for the purpose authorised in this Lease ( or any purpose subsequently authorised ) It is for the tenant to ensure that there is a lawful planning permission in existence consenting to the use for which the tenant proposes to put the premises .
9.9 [ban] of use warranty nothing in this lease or in any consent granted by the landlord under this lease shall imply or warrant that the premises may lawfully be used under the planning acts for the purpose authorised in this lease ( or any purpose subsequently authorised ) it is for the tenant to ensure that there is a lawful planning permission in existence consenting to the use for which the tenant proposes to put the premises .

Of course , care must be taken in drafting provisions defining the rights available on a breach of contract , since their effectiveness may be governed by the rule against penalties or by the rules governing exclusion clauses .
of course , care must be taken in drafting provisions defining the rights available on a breach of contract , since their effectiveness may be governed by the rule against penalties or by the rules governing [ban] clauses .

The first , covered by s3 ( 2 ) ( a ) will be instantly recognisable as an exclusion clause : it includes any term which purports to exclude , limit or restrict the proferens ' liability for a breach of contract : for instance , a clause such as : The Seller accepts no liability for any loss suffered by the Buyer as a result of any delay in delivery would be caught by s3 ( 2 ) ( a ) .
the first , covered by s3 ( 2 ) ( a ) will be instantly recognisable as an [ban] clause : it includes any term which purports to exclude , limit or restrict the proferens ' liability for a breach of contract : for instance , a clause such as : the seller accepts no liability for any loss suffered by the buyer as a result of any delay in delivery would be caught by s3 ( 2 ) ( a ) .

Section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : To the extent that this Part of this Act prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents — ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .
section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : to the extent that this part of this act prevents the [ban] or restriction of any liability it also prevents — ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .

If not , the reference to the terms should at least draw attention to the fact that the terms contain exclusion clauses .
if not , the reference to the terms should at least draw attention to the fact that the terms contain [ban] clauses .

The `` red hand `` test was developed in cases concerned with exclusion and similar clauses .
the `` red hand `` test was developed in cases concerned with [ban] and similar clauses .

However , the position would have been different if the nodes had been defective and caused damage or injury to the buyer : the seller would then have been open to a claim in tort , or perhaps under the Consumer Protection Act 1987 , but would have been unprotected by any exclusion , limitation or indemnity clauses .
however , the position would have been different if the nodes had been defective and caused damage or injury to the buyer : the seller would then have been open to a claim in tort , or perhaps under the consumer protection act 1987 , but would have been unprotected by any [ban] , limitation or indemnity clauses .

However , in other cases the courts have held that where a clause requiring best endeavours appears with an exclusion or force majeure clause , it qualifies the latter , so that the contractor can only rely on the exclusion or force majeure clause if it can establish that it used best endeavours ( see Yates and Hawkins , Standard Business Contracts : Exclusions and Related Devices , p165 ) .
however , in other cases the courts have held that where a clause requiring best endeavours appears with an [ban] or force majeure clause , it qualifies the latter , so that the contractor can only rely on the [ban] or force majeure clause if it can establish that it used best endeavours ( see yates and hawkins , standard business contracts : exclusions and related devices , p165 ) .

In some cases such a clause will not be an exclusion at all .
in some cases such a clause will not be an [ban] at all .

However , where such a term is used simply to define the consequences of breach of an express term in the contract it can not be regarded as an exclusion clause .
however , where such a term is used simply to define the consequences of breach of an express term in the contract it can not be regarded as an [ban] clause .

On the other hand , where the contract redefines as a warranty a term which would otherwise be a condition , its effect is to exclude a remedy ( the right to reject goods and/or terminate the contract ) which would otherwise be available to the innocent party , and it will then be regarded as an exclusion clause .
on the other hand , where the contract redefines as a warranty a term which would otherwise be a condition , its effect is to exclude a remedy ( the right to reject goods and/or terminate the contract ) which would otherwise be available to the innocent party , and it will then be regarded as an [ban] clause .

Even where the contract merely defines an express undertaking as a warranty , there will normally be a related exclusion of liability .
even where the contract merely defines an express undertaking as a warranty , there will normally be a related [ban] of liability .

In that case , as already suggested , the contract will also have to contain an express exclusion of the implied condition .
in that case , as already suggested , the contract will also have to contain an express [ban] of the implied condition .

Clearly an indemnity of the second type has the same effect as a simple exclusion of liability .
clearly an indemnity of the second type has the same effect as a simple [ban] of liability .

However , the courts have recognised that an indemnity of type ( 2 ) above , reversing liability , acts in the same way as an exclusion .
however , the courts have recognised that an indemnity of type ( 2 ) above , reversing liability , acts in the same way as an [ban] .

Thus if the effect of an indemnity is to reverse liability , it will be subject to the same statutory control as if it were an exclusion .
thus if the effect of an indemnity is to reverse liability , it will be subject to the same statutory control as if it were an [ban] .

The Legal Regulation of Exclusion Clauses : General Considerations
the legal regulation of [ban] clauses : general considerations

The exclusion of particular duties and liabilities requires the drafter to understand the nature and effect of the duties to be excluded , and the ways in which individual duties can be modified are therefore considered alongside the duties themselves , below .
the [ban] of particular duties and liabilities requires the drafter to understand the nature and effect of the duties to be excluded , and the ways in which individual duties can be modified are therefore considered alongside the duties themselves , below .

In the past , the courts have often been hostile to exclusion clauses , particularly those drawn in wide terms which seek to negate all liabilities of the party relying on the clause .
in the past , the courts have often been hostile to [ban] clauses , particularly those drawn in wide terms which seek to negate all liabilities of the party relying on the clause .

They therefore developed a number of rules to restrict reliance on exclusion clauses .
they therefore developed a number of rules to restrict reliance on [ban] clauses .

In the discussion which follows , " exclusion clauses " is used as a generic term to describe all the various types of clause described in Chapter 5 , unless the contrary appears .
in the discussion which follows , " [ban] clauses " is used as a generic term to describe all the various types of clause described in chapter 5 , unless the contrary appears .

1 Common law restrictions on exclusion clauses
1 common law restrictions on [ban] clauses

( a ) Incorporation The first requirement for an exclusion clause to be effective at common law is that the clause must be incorporated into the contract .
( a ) incorporation the first requirement for an [ban] clause to be effective at common law is that the clause must be incorporated into the contract .

Those rules were largely developed in cases concerned with exclusion clauses , and they obviously apply here .
those rules were largely developed in cases concerned with [ban] clauses , and they obviously apply here .

( b ) Construction The general rules for the construction of contracts apply to exclusion clauses in just the same way as to other clauses .
( b ) construction the general rules for the construction of contracts apply to [ban] clauses in just the same way as to other clauses .

Thus prima facie the words of exclusion clauses will be given their literal meaning ; the court will strive to give effect to the words used , and , where lists are used , the drafter must bear in mind the rules expressio unius est exclusio alterius and that general words in a list will be interpreted ejusdem generis with the specific words .
thus prima facie the words of [ban] clauses will be given their literal meaning ; the court will strive to give effect to the words used , and , where lists are used , the drafter must bear in mind the rules expressio unius est exclusio alterius and that general words in a list will be interpreted ejusdem generis with the specific words .

In the past the general rules of construction have been modified in their application to exclusion clauses because , in an effort to restrict the use of wide exclusions , the courts have developed particularly strict methods of construing exclusion clauses .
in the past the general rules of construction have been modified in their application to [ban] clauses because , in an effort to restrict the use of wide exclusions , the courts have developed particularly strict methods of construing [ban] clauses .

On occasion the courts have adopted artificially strict interpretations of exclusion clauses in order to deny their effect .
on occasion the courts have adopted artificially strict interpretations of [ban] clauses in order to deny their effect .

However , it is clear that , in deciding what the words used in an exclusion clause mean , the court can and will take account of the other provisions of the contract ; the clause must be interpreted in its context .
however , it is clear that , in deciding what the words used in an [ban] clause mean , the court can and will take account of the other provisions of the contract ; the clause must be interpreted in its context .

Contra proferentem construction Exclusion clauses will be interpreted strictly and any ambiguity in the clause will be resolved by the court adopting the meaning least favourable to the interests of the party seeking to rely on the clause .
contra proferentem construction [ban] clauses will be interpreted strictly and any ambiguity in the clause will be resolved by the court adopting the meaning least favourable to the interests of the party seeking to rely on the clause .

Exclusion of liability for breach of implied terms does not protect against liability for breach of an express term .
[ban] of liability for breach of implied terms does not protect against liability for breach of an express term .

Although both Gillespie and Smith concerned indemnities the same principles apply to exclusion clauses .
although both gillespie and smith concerned indemnities the same principles apply to [ban] clauses .

The courts were generally reluctant to construe an exclusion clause as covering cases of breach of fundamental term or fundamental breach .
the courts were generally reluctant to construe an [ban] clause as covering cases of breach of fundamental term or fundamental breach .

This reluctance could be seen as part of the general strict interpretation of exclusion clauses , but in a line of cases it was suggested that there was a rule of law that an exclusion clause could never cover a fundamental breach .
this reluctance could be seen as part of the general strict interpretation of [ban] clauses , but in a line of cases it was suggested that there was a rule of law that an [ban] clause could never cover a fundamental breach .

It therefore appears that an exclusion clause can apply , even to cases of fundamental breach and breach of fundamental term .
it therefore appears that an [ban] clause can apply , even to cases of fundamental breach and breach of fundamental term .

However , whether or not it does so is a matter of construction , and it seems equally clear both that a court will be unwilling to interpret a clause as applying to such breaches and that , in the event of a dispute , the party challenging an exclusion clause can be expected to raise the argument that the breach is fundamental and not covered by the exclusion .
however , whether or not it does so is a matter of construction , and it seems equally clear both that a court will be unwilling to interpret a clause as applying to such breaches and that , in the event of a dispute , the party challenging an [ban] clause can be expected to raise the argument that the breach is fundamental and not covered by the [ban] .

Most of the cases decided under the doctrine of fundamental breach have not been overruled , and they can be regarded as illustrating a prima facie presumption of construction that an exclusion is not intended to cover cases of fundamental breach or breach of a fundamental term , and very clear words will be needed to displace that presumption .
most of the cases decided under the doctrine of fundamental breach have not been overruled , and they can be regarded as illustrating a prima facie presumption of construction that an [ban] is not intended to cover cases of fundamental breach or breach of a fundamental term , and very clear words will be needed to displace that presumption .

2 Statutory control of exclusion clauses
2 statutory control of [ban] clauses

However , it should also be borne in mind that many other contracts have similar legislation governing exclusion and similar clauses .
however , it should also be borne in mind that many other contracts have similar legislation governing [ban] and similar clauses .

Where the Act does apply it seeks to regulate all the different types of exclusion clause which may be found in a contract .
where the act does apply it seeks to regulate all the different types of [ban] clause which may be found in a contract .

However , the ambit of the Act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the Act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .
however , the ambit of the act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the act applies the [ban] or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .

Nevertheless , the section makes clear that an agreement to submit disputes to arbitration is not to be regarded as an exclusion .
nevertheless , the section makes clear that an agreement to submit disputes to arbitration is not to be regarded as an [ban] .

Exclusion of liability for negligence is also restricted by s5 of the Act .
[ban] of liability for negligence is also restricted by s5 of the act .

It must be remembered that a clause which restricts or excludes an obligation or duty is not an exclusion clause for the purposes of s3 .
it must be remembered that a clause which restricts or excludes an obligation or duty is not an [ban] clause for the purposes of s3 .

An exclusion of liability for negligence in a consumer contract was held unreasonable at first instance in Woodman v Photo Trade Processing Ltd ( 1981 ) , unreported where a clause in a contract for the processing of photographs provided that in the event of loss the processor was only to be liable for the value of the unprocessed material .
an [ban] of liability for negligence in a consumer contract was held unreasonable at first instance in woodman v photo trade processing ltd ( 1981 ) , unreported where a clause in a contract for the processing of photographs provided that in the event of loss the processor was only to be liable for the value of the unprocessed material .

2 Exclusion and limitation of liability
2 [ban] and limitation of liability

Where an exclusion or limitation clause is permitted , the question then arises as to its effect as a matter of law .
where an [ban] or limitation clause is permitted , the question then arises as to its effect as a matter of law .

The effect of exclusion clauses is principally a matter of construction of the contract .
the effect of [ban] clauses is principally a matter of construction of the contract .

The strict approach , whereby in construing the effect of a purported exclusion clause everything was construed against the party in whose favour a term was included in the contract , the contra preferentem rule , has been mitigated through statutory intervention .
the strict approach , whereby in construing the effect of a purported [ban] clause everything was construed against the party in whose favour a term was included in the contract , the contra preferentem rule , has been mitigated through statutory intervention .

( c ) Exclusion of description requirement In the Harlingdon Ltd case it was argued , at first instance , that there was an actual usage or custom in the London art market which excluded the application of s13 .
( c ) [ban] of description requirement in the harlingdon ltd case it was argued , at first instance , that there was an actual usage or custom in the london art market which excluded the application of s13 .

6 Exclusion of liability
6 [ban] of liability

The criteria identified in Sched 2 operate within the normal principles of incorporation of exclusion clauses under the common law .
the criteria identified in sched 2 operate within the normal principles of incorporation of [ban] clauses under the common law .

There may be circumstances where an exclusion of liability clause included in the guarantee for the benefit of a retailer , may be incorporated outside a consumer sale context into the main contract of sale where it is read pre-contractually .
there may be circumstances where an [ban] of liability clause included in the guarantee for the benefit of a retailer , may be incorporated outside a consumer sale context into the main contract of sale where it is read pre-contractually .

The reason for the two limbs of this rule is purely technical to ensure that there is neither an exclusion of damages for breach of duty , nor an exclusion of any duty which exists in the first place .
the reason for the two limbs of this rule is purely technical to ensure that there is neither an [ban] of damages for breach of duty , nor an [ban] of any duty which exists in the first place .

These include the development of trade practices which become implied terms of the contract , the use of exclusion clauses purporting to modify or exclude particular duties , and the making of advance disclosure of particular activities which would otherwise amount to breaches of duty .
these include the development of trade practices which become implied terms of the contract , the use of [ban] clauses purporting to modify or exclude particular duties , and the making of advance disclosure of particular activities which would otherwise amount to breaches of duty .

In this chapter only exclusion clauses , disclosure and consent and Chinese walls are considered in detail .
in this chapter only [ban] clauses , disclosure and consent and chinese walls are considered in detail .

Exclusion clauses
[ban] clauses

The exclusion clauses which may be incorporated into contracts between firms and their customers may conveniently be divided into three types , although there is some overlap between them .
the [ban] clauses which may be incorporated into contracts between firms and their customers may conveniently be divided into three types , although there is some overlap between them .

To examine the extent to which such clauses are effective to exclude liability for breach of fiduciary duty , it is necessary to consider both restrictions imposed because of the fiduciary nature of the relationship and the common law and statutory restrictions which apply to all exclusion clauses .
to examine the extent to which such clauses are effective to exclude liability for breach of fiduciary duty , it is necessary to consider both restrictions imposed because of the fiduciary nature of the relationship and the common law and statutory restrictions which apply to all [ban] clauses .

Beyond this it is not clear whether it is subject to any restrictions other than those imposed by statute and common law on exclusion clauses generally .
beyond this it is not clear whether it is subject to any restrictions other than those imposed by statute and common law on [ban] clauses generally .

Although the authority given for this proposition , Robinson v Mollet , concerned the effect of a trade custom rather than an exclusion clause , it highlighted the unacceptability of changing the substance of a relationship without the fully informed consent of the other party .
although the authority given for this proposition , robinson v mollet , concerned the effect of a trade custom rather than an [ban] clause , it highlighted the unacceptability of changing the substance of a relationship without the fully informed consent of the other party .

Once it is determined that a particular exclusion clause is not invalidated under fiduciary law , it is then necessary to consider whether it is affected by the common law and statutory restrictions on exclusion clauses generally .
once it is determined that a particular [ban] clause is not invalidated under fiduciary law , it is then necessary to consider whether it is affected by the common law and statutory restrictions on [ban] clauses generally .

Exclusion clauses are strictly construed but the common law rules on construction will not prevent a clearly worded clause from operating .
[ban] clauses are strictly construed but the common law rules on construction will not prevent a clearly worded clause from operating .

Finally , it is important to note that however tight an exclusion clause may be , it will not prevent the introduction of new fiduciary duties into the relationship between firm and customer as it develops over time .
finally , it is important to note that however tight an [ban] clause may be , it will not prevent the introduction of new fiduciary duties into the relationship between firm and customer as it develops over time .

Exclusion clauses may not , therefore , always be effective to modify fiduciary duties so as to avoid conflicts between fiduciary duties and duties imposed by regulatory rules .
[ban] clauses may not , therefore , always be effective to modify fiduciary duties so as to avoid conflicts between fiduciary duties and duties imposed by regulatory rules .

An important preliminary point is that the dividing line between an exclusion clause and a disclosure clause may be thin .
an important preliminary point is that the dividing line between an [ban] clause and a disclosure clause may be thin .

The approach that a court adopts to such a clause may be important , as the tests by which the effectiveness of exclusion and disclosure clause are assessed are not the same .
the approach that a court adopts to such a clause may be important , as the tests by which the effectiveness of [ban] and disclosure clause are assessed are not the same .

Additional disclosure would also be necessary if , as explained in relation to exclusion clauses , the relationship between customer and agent evolved over time imparting higher levels of fiduciary duties .
additional disclosure would also be necessary if , as explained in relation to [ban] clauses , the relationship between customer and agent evolved over time imparting higher levels of fiduciary duties .

The exclusion is therefore highly technical .
the [ban] is therefore highly technical .

Examples given in `` Working Together `` which may justify exclusion include cases where parents are likely to be disruptive or violent to the child or professional participants ( para 6.15 ) .
examples given in `` working together `` which may justify [ban] include cases where parents are likely to be disruptive or violent to the child or professional participants ( para 6.15 ) .

The fact that a parent is at risk of criminal prosecution for an offence against the child will not justify exclusion .
the fact that a parent is at risk of criminal prosecution for an offence against the child will not justify [ban] .

( f ) Exclusion of witnesses In family proceedings , which are civil , there is no requirement that witnesses be excluded from court prior to giving evidence .
( f ) [ban] of witnesses in family proceedings , which are civil , there is no requirement that witnesses be excluded from court prior to giving evidence .

Their status as a witness , however , may lead to requests for their exclusion .
their status as a witness , however , may lead to requests for their [ban] .

Exclusion clause and s673
[ban] clause and s673

Exclusion for bona fide commercial transactions , etc
[ban] for bona fide commercial transactions , etc

Secondly , at any time in the relevant period the property given to the donee must be enjoyed by the donee or it seems any other person to the entire exclusion or virtually to the entire exclusion of the donor .
secondly , at any time in the relevant period the property given to the donee must be enjoyed by the donee or it seems any other person to the entire [ban] or virtually to the entire [ban] of the donor .

Thirdly , in relation to the gifted property this must be enjoyed to the exclusion or virtually to the exclusion of the donor and of any benefit to him by contract or otherwise .
thirdly , in relation to the gifted property this must be enjoyed to the [ban] or virtually to the [ban] of the donor and of any benefit to him by contract or otherwise .

There certainly appears to me to be no such necessary exclusion of usage as suggested by reason of there being a rule .
there certainly appears to me to be no such necessary [ban] of usage as suggested by reason of there being a rule .

Other restrictions are less justifiable : the routine exclusion of the media from `` in chambers `` hearings relating to property in divorce cases , to bail applications in Crown Courts , and to applications for injunctions and eviction orders in the Queen 's Bench Division of the High Court are breaches of the `` open justice `` principle which may in due course be struck down by the European Court of Human Rights .
other restrictions are less justifiable : the routine [ban] of the media from `` in chambers `` hearings relating to property in divorce cases , to bail applications in crown courts , and to applications for injunctions and eviction orders in the queen 's bench division of the high court are breaches of the `` open justice `` principle which may in due course be struck down by the european court of human rights .

Journalists should be fully conversant with their rights to appeal against any exclusion from the courtroom or any secrecy order made under the Contempt of Court Act .
journalists should be fully conversant with their rights to appeal against any [ban] from the courtroom or any secrecy order made under the contempt of court act .

It overcomes the problems caused by the exclusion of variables in the star ( * ) commands .
it overcomes the problems caused by the [ban] of variables in the star ( * ) commands .

As those Marxists were receiving guidance and money from a party and government which declared their dedication to the destruction of `` the MacDonalds and the Hendersons `` ( as already of `` the Kerenskys and the Martovs `` ) this exclusion was hardly surprising .
as those marxists were receiving guidance and money from a party and government which declared their dedication to the destruction of `` the macdonalds and the hendersons `` ( as already of `` the kerenskys and the martovs `` ) this [ban] was hardly surprising .

This new form of Unity was to be concerned with foreign policy issues , virtually to the exclusion of the domestic policies contained in the original Unity Manifesto .
this new form of unity was to be concerned with foreign policy issues , virtually to the [ban] of the domestic policies contained in the original unity manifesto .

This pleasant , open admiration was doing wonders for her self-confidence , and once more they plunged into conversation to the exclusion of all around them .
this pleasant , open admiration was doing wonders for her self-confidence , and once more they plunged into conversation to the [ban] of all around them .

The programme dominated the next week and half , to the exclusion of almost everything else including common sense .
the programme dominated the next week and half , to the [ban] of almost everything else including common sense .

She knew he cared , he showed it , but he would n't say the things she wanted to hear — that he cared for her to the exclusion of all others , and wanted her in his life to the exclusion of all others .
she knew he cared , he showed it , but he would n't say the things she wanted to hear — that he cared for her to the [ban] of all others , and wanted her in his life to the [ban] of all others .

Computer software is not yet an explicit part of the custodial mandate of the museum establishment and there is a growing alarm at the historical implications of this exclusion .
computer software is not yet an explicit part of the custodial mandate of the museum establishment and there is a growing alarm at the historical implications of this [ban] .

These applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .
these applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that [ban] of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .

Applications for exclusion of a right to a new tenancy are almost invariably dealt with by the district judge without the parties attending .
applications for [ban] of a right to a new tenancy are almost invariably dealt with by the district judge without the parties attending .

It was clear from the type of contract entered into ( purchase of seed to grow a commercial crop to be sold for profit ) that the likely loss , caused if the defendants supplied defective seed , would exceed the purchase price by such an amount ( namely the value of the ultimate crop ) that the limitation really amounted to a total exclusion of liability .
it was clear from the type of contract entered into ( purchase of seed to grow a commercial crop to be sold for profit ) that the likely loss , caused if the defendants supplied defective seed , would exceed the purchase price by such an amount ( namely the value of the ultimate crop ) that the limitation really amounted to a total [ban] of liability .

Section 3 ( 2 ) ( a ) restricts the exclusion of liability for breach when the party relying on the clause is actually in breach .
section 3 ( 2 ) ( a ) restricts the [ban] of liability for breach when the party relying on the clause is actually in breach .

The really important provision is s 3 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( i ) , restricting exclusion of liability to perform what is reasonably expected of the party concerned under the contract .
the really important provision is s 3 ( 2 ) ( b ) ( i ) , restricting [ban] of liability to perform what is reasonably expected of the party concerned under the contract .

Before discussing in more detail the types of exclusion clauses that are likely to pass the reasonableness test under s 3 , one preliminary point must be made .
before discussing in more detail the types of [ban] clauses that are likely to pass the reasonableness test under s 3 , one preliminary point must be made .

Before the court even has to consider the reasonableness of an exclusion clause , the party relying on the clause has to convince the court that the clause is drafted in such a way that it covers the breach in question .
before the court even has to consider the reasonableness of an [ban] clause , the party relying on the clause has to convince the court that the clause is drafted in such a way that it covers the breach in question .

Once the party seeking the protection of the exclusion clause has established that it applies to the type of breach in question , and the cause from which the breach arose , he th en has to satisfy the court of its reasonableness under s 3 .
once the party seeking the protection of the [ban] clause has established that it applies to the type of breach in question , and the cause from which the breach arose , he th en has to satisfy the court of its reasonableness under s 3 .

Here , there are three factors to take into account : the seriousness of the type of breach in question , the cause of that breach , and the extent of the exclusion of liability .
here , there are three factors to take into account : the seriousness of the type of breach in question , the cause of that breach , and the extent of the [ban] of liability .

Clearly , total exclusion of liability for failure to perform a contract at all because of wilful default will not be reasonable under s 3 .
clearly , total [ban] of liability for failure to perform a contract at all because of wilful default will not be reasonable under s 3 .

Equally , total exclusion of liability for failure to perform a contract at all because of circumstances beyond the control of the party in default ( ie reasons of force majeure or an act of the other party ) will conversely be reasonable in nearly all circumstances .
equally , total [ban] of liability for failure to perform a contract at all because of circumstances beyond the control of the party in default ( ie reasons of force majeure or an act of the other party ) will conversely be reasonable in nearly all circumstances .

Total exclusion of liability for failure to perform a contract at all is unlikely to be reasonable where it occurs because of acts or omissions within the control of the party in default , which are caused by negligence , incompetence or inadvertence but not wilful default ( `` inadvertent default `` ) .
total [ban] of liability for failure to perform a contract at all is unlikely to be reasonable where it occurs because of acts or omissions within the control of the party in default , which are caused by negligence , incompetence or inadvertence but not wilful default ( `` inadvertent default `` ) .

Some exclusion clauses do not totally exclude liability for a breach but only restrict it .
some [ban] clauses do not totally exclude liability for a breach but only restrict it .

So far we have looked at exclusion clauses which exclude or restrict liability for a particular type of breach arising from a particular cause .
so far we have looked at [ban] clauses which exclude or restrict liability for a particular type of breach arising from a particular cause .

Such clauses are common in contracts , but equally common are general exclusion clauses which exclude or restrict liability for all breaches however caused ( `` general exclusion clauses `` ) .
such clauses are common in contracts , but equally common are general [ban] clauses which exclude or restrict liability for all breaches however caused ( `` general [ban] clauses `` ) .

Lastly , it should be said that the most common practice , because of the uncertainties surrounding the reasonableness of general exclusion clauses , is to include two general exclusion clauses covering liability for any breach of contract ( however caused and whatever its seriousness ) , one excluding liability for economic loss in respect of such breaches , and the other limiting liability by reference to a fixed amount for any one breach and/or for all breaches under the contract .
lastly , it should be said that the most common practice , because of the uncertainties surrounding the reasonableness of general [ban] clauses , is to include two general [ban] clauses covering liability for any breach of contract ( however caused and whatever its seriousness ) , one excluding liability for economic loss in respect of such breaches , and the other limiting liability by reference to a fixed amount for any one breach and/or for all breaches under the contract .

Coupled with these two general exclusion clauses , it is usual to find an exclusion clause which excludes completely all liability for all breaches ( including total non-performance ) caused by force majeure .
coupled with these two general [ban] clauses , it is usual to find an [ban] clause which excludes completely all liability for all breaches ( including total non-performance ) caused by force majeure .

In these circumstances , s 3 has no application , and the parties ( subject to the caveats surrounding the exclusion of liability for death , personal injury and other loss caused by negligence , as regulated under s 2 ) are free to make whatever bargain as to liability for breach , non-performance or failure to perform as they choose .
in these circumstances , s 3 has no application , and the parties ( subject to the caveats surrounding the [ban] of liability for death , personal injury and other loss caused by negligence , as regulated under s 2 ) are free to make whatever bargain as to liability for breach , non-performance or failure to perform as they choose .

Fourth , if the standard terms upon which the contract was made were put forward by the party seeking protection , then he has no protection under s 3 against an exclusion clause which he himself has put in his conditions , if the other party chooses to rely on it .
fourth , if the standard terms upon which the contract was made were put forward by the party seeking protection , then he has no protection under s 3 against an [ban] clause which he himself has put in his conditions , if the other party chooses to rely on it .

Here the exclusion of liability is obviously least likely to be reasonable .
here the [ban] of liability is obviously least likely to be reasonable .

However , since the private person has chosen to deal in commercial goods , ( and presumably has some expertise in relation to the subject matter of the contract ) such exclusion is more likely to be reasonable than if consumer goods were the subject matter of the contract , and hence the transaction were a consumer transaction governed by s 6 ( 2 ) .
however , since the private person has chosen to deal in commercial goods , ( and presumably has some expertise in relation to the subject matter of the contract ) such [ban] is more likely to be reasonable than if consumer goods were the subject matter of the contract , and hence the transaction were a consumer transaction governed by s 6 ( 2 ) .

Where the only disqualifying element under s 6 ( 2 ) is the type of goods , then the overwhelming likelihood will be that , when considering the transaction under s 6 ( 3 ) , the court will find the exclusion unreasonable .
where the only disqualifying element under s 6 ( 2 ) is the type of goods , then the overwhelming likelihood will be that , when considering the transaction under s 6 ( 3 ) , the court will find the [ban] unreasonable .

Thus s 7 ( 4 ) now acts , in respect of these warranties under business bailment contracts alone , to prevent exclusion of liability for their breach unless reasonable .
thus s 7 ( 4 ) now acts , in respect of these warranties under business bailment contracts alone , to prevent [ban] of liability for their breach unless reasonable .

Section 7 ( 2 ) prevents the exclusion of liability as against a consumer for breach of warranties arising by implication of law from the form of the contract as to the goods ' correspondence to description or sample , or their quality or fitness for any particular purpose .
section 7 ( 2 ) prevents the [ban] of liability as against a consumer for breach of warranties arising by implication of law from the form of the contract as to the goods ' correspondence to description or sample , or their quality or fitness for any particular purpose .

All of the same considerations apply , except that here since the protected parties are non-consumers , the section permits the exclusion of liability to the extent that the exemption clause satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .
all of the same considerations apply , except that here since the protected parties are non-consumers , the section permits the [ban] of liability to the extent that the exemption clause satisfies the requirement of reasonableness .

The quotation will state that any contract entered into as a result of the quotation will be on these standard conditions of sale , to the entire exclusion of those of the buyer ( see the preliminary statement of Precedent 1 ) .
the quotation will state that any contract entered into as a result of the quotation will be on these standard conditions of sale , to the entire [ban] of those of the buyer ( see the preliminary statement of precedent 1 ) .

Many businessmen suppose that there is a general obligation on the seller ( in the absence of exclusion clauses to the contrary ) to ensure that the goods are fit for the purpose for which the buyer intends to use them .
many businessmen suppose that there is a general obligation on the seller ( in the absence of [ban] clauses to the contrary ) to ensure that the goods are fit for the purpose for which the buyer intends to use them .

Where the seller is successful in adding his additional clause , the guarantee obviously acts as an exclusion of liability .
where the seller is successful in adding his additional clause , the guarantee obviously acts as an [ban] of liability .

The exclusion of liability for all of these issues can be dealt with either on a piecemeal basis by writing a particular exclusion or limitation into the contract conditions dealing with each issue , or , alternatively or in addition , by the use of blanket exclusion clauses covering the whole contract .
the [ban] of liability for all of these issues can be dealt with either on a piecemeal basis by writing a particular [ban] or limitation into the contract conditions dealing with each issue , or , alternatively or in addition , by the use of blanket [ban] clauses covering the whole contract .

The final type of general exclusion clause which is also frequently included is one which restricts or excludes liability for various kinds of economic loss .
the final type of general [ban] clause which is also frequently included is one which restricts or excludes liability for various kinds of economic loss .

From the point of view of the buyer , general exclusion clauses are obviously less popular , and , in general he sees little need for them to protect his own position .
from the point of view of the buyer , general [ban] clauses are obviously less popular , and , in general he sees little need for them to protect his own position .

First of all , he can include a patent indemnity , without any exclusion clause tacked on to it , along the lines set out above , providing express but limited remedies , and , in particular , not putting forward an express right to compensation for economic loss .
first of all , he can include a patent indemnity , without any [ban] clause tacked on to it , along the lines set out above , providing express but limited remedies , and , in particular , not putting forward an express right to compensation for economic loss .

Not only is it hard to see how the buyer can then bring an action for breach of contract , as opposed to invoking the express remedies of the clause , but , even if he were able to , there is no reason why general exclusion clauses capping liability or excluding liability for economic loss should not be effective , since they would then only have to pass the reasonableness test .
not only is it hard to see how the buyer can then bring an action for breach of contract , as opposed to invoking the express remedies of the clause , but , even if he were able to , there is no reason why general [ban] clauses capping liability or excluding liability for economic loss should not be effective , since they would then only have to pass the reasonableness test .

Precedent 3 is intentionally a minimalist document , which contains little boilerplate , and little by way of exclusion clauses .
precedent 3 is intentionally a minimalist document , which contains little boilerplate , and little by way of [ban] clauses .

9.2 In respect of all goods manufactured and supplied to the Seller by third parties the Seller will pass on to the Purchaser ( in so far as possible ) the benefit of any warranty given to the Seller by such third parties and will ( on request ) supply to the Purchaser details of the terms and conditions of such warranty and copies of any relevant product information sheets , technical data sheets or product leaflets issued by such third parties and the Purchaser shall be solely responsible to the entire exclusion of the Seller for complying with all of these .
9.2 in respect of all goods manufactured and supplied to the seller by third parties the seller will pass on to the purchaser ( in so far as possible ) the benefit of any warranty given to the seller by such third parties and will ( on request ) supply to the purchaser details of the terms and conditions of such warranty and copies of any relevant product information sheets , technical data sheets or product leaflets issued by such third parties and the purchaser shall be solely responsible to the entire [ban] of the seller for complying with all of these .

9.3 The Seller 's liability under this Condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the Purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to Condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the Seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .
9.3 the seller 's liability under this condition shall be to the [ban] of all other liability to the purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .

Thus if a partner obtains a renewal of a lease of partnership property in his own name , he is not permitted to treat that lease as his own property to the exclusion of his co-partners while the business continues and before there has been a distribution of assets following a dissolution ( see Featherstonhaugh v Fenwick ( 1810 ) 17 Ves Jr 298 ) .
thus if a partner obtains a renewal of a lease of partnership property in his own name , he is not permitted to treat that lease as his own property to the [ban] of his co-partners while the business continues and before there has been a distribution of assets following a dissolution ( see featherstonhaugh v fenwick ( 1810 ) 17 ves jr 298 ) .

An exclusion would be subject to the requirement of reasonableness imposed by ss2 and 3 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 .
an [ban] would be subject to the requirement of reasonableness imposed by ss2 and 3 of the unfair contract terms act 1977 .

The reason for this is that an express covenant as to one branch of the covenant implied by the word `` demise `` excludes the other branch on the principle that expressio unius est exclusio alterius ( the expression of one thing is the exclusion of another ) ( Miller v Emcer Products Ltd [ 1956 ] Ch 304 ) .
the reason for this is that an express covenant as to one branch of the covenant implied by the word `` demise `` excludes the other branch on the principle that expressio unius est exclusio alterius ( the expression of one thing is the [ban] of another ) ( miller v emcer products ltd [ 1956 ] ch 304 ) .

These implied ancillary rights may be excluded by agreement ; but the tenant 's adviser should not agree to their exclusion unless the tenant has access to delimited loading bays and an express right to load and unload .
these implied ancillary rights may be excluded by agreement ; but the tenant 's adviser should not agree to their [ban] unless the tenant has access to delimited loading bays and an express right to load and unload .

Example 3:11 Option to renew ( 1 ) The tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) The further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( 3 ) In determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) This option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease Example 3:12 Option to renew contracted out tenancy If : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) Example 3:13 Clause negativing perpetual renewal Nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease
example 3:11 option to renew ( 1 ) the tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) the further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors ( 3 ) in determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) this option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease example 3:12 option to renew contracted out tenancy if : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the [ban] of the provisions of ss24-28 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) example 3:13 clause negativing perpetual renewal nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease

The reduction is largely due to the exclusion of tea gardens from the forest category , but is also the result of degradation and shifting cultivation .
the reduction is largely due to the [ban] of tea gardens from the forest category , but is also the result of degradation and shifting cultivation .

Greenpeace welcomed the voluntary agreement `` provided that it is the first step towards an enforceable tanker exclusion zone `` .
greenpeace welcomed the voluntary agreement `` provided that it is the first step towards an enforceable tanker [ban] zone `` .

Meeting in the wake of the Braer and Aegean Sea disasters , European Community transport and environment ministers agreed in principle on a range of measures , including : ( i ) establishing exclusion zones for tankers and ships carrying hazardous cargoes ; ( ii ) strengthening port controls and surveillance of shipping lanes ; ( iii ) introducing liability rules on tanker owners and charterers ; and ( iv ) tightening standards on the construction and maintenance of ships .
meeting in the wake of the braer and aegean sea disasters , european community transport and environment ministers agreed in principle on a range of measures , including : ( i ) establishing [ban] zones for tankers and ships carrying hazardous cargoes ; ( ii ) strengthening port controls and surveillance of shipping lanes ; ( iii ) introducing liability rules on tanker owners and charterers ; and ( iv ) tightening standards on the construction and maintenance of ships .

Carlo Ripa di Meana insisted that Britain had not been `` singled out `` for attention to the exclusion of other member states .
carlo ripa di meana insisted that britain had not been `` singled out `` for attention to the [ban] of other member states .

Nonetheless , the differences should not be emphasized to the exclusion of certain common features .
nonetheless , the differences should not be emphasized to the [ban] of certain common features .

The exclusion of public servants has an acceptable rationale to reinforce it ; they are free to resign their positions should they wish to stand for election .
the [ban] of public servants has an acceptable rationale to reinforce it ; they are free to resign their positions should they wish to stand for election .

The exclusion of certain clergy is less easy to justify ( a relic of the time when religious disputes were at the heart of national affairs ) , as is the exclusion of 18- to 20-year-olds : when the voting age was lowered in 1969 , the age of eligibility for candidature was not .
the [ban] of certain clergy is less easy to justify ( a relic of the time when religious disputes were at the heart of national affairs ) , as is the [ban] of 18- to 20-year-olds : when the voting age was lowered in 1969 , the age of eligibility for candidature was not .

Secondly we urged that the marginalisation of the area and the social exclusion of many of its people should be addressed by a concerted effort to open up employment opportunities outside West Belfast and by a serious attempt to involve local people in development decisions .
secondly we urged that the marginalisation of the area and the social [ban] of many of its people should be addressed by a concerted effort to open up employment opportunities outside west belfast and by a serious attempt to involve local people in development decisions .

and that the term ‘ discrimination ’ includes any distinction , exclusion or preference made on the basis of race , colour , sex , religion , political opinion , national extraction or social origin , which has the effect of nullifying or impairing equality of opportunity or treatment in employment or occupation .
and that the term ‘ discrimination ’ includes any distinction , [ban] or preference made on the basis of race , colour , sex , religion , political opinion , national extraction or social origin , which has the effect of nullifying or impairing equality of opportunity or treatment in employment or occupation .

It is not just a romantic attachment between two individuals to the exclusion of the world at large .
it is not just a romantic attachment between two individuals to the [ban] of the world at large .

There is , of course , no reason why Baldwin should have been influenced by one motive to the exclusion of others .
there is , of course , no reason why baldwin should have been influenced by one motive to the [ban] of others .

Curzon did not have any very fixed position on the issue , but he was naturally furious when he discovered the extent of his exclusion .
curzon did not have any very fixed position on the issue , but he was naturally furious when he discovered the extent of his [ban] .

During his second visit to Great Ormond Street , he was put on a two-week exclusion diet to see if a food allergy might the cause of his condition .
during his second visit to great ormond street , he was put on a two-week [ban] diet to see if a food allergy might the cause of his condition .

The working class had been defined , by exclusion ; the master-manufacturers , who had Ricardo 's blessing , had been assimilated to the landlords , who had not ; and so promoted into privilege .
the working class had been defined , by [ban] ; the master-manufacturers , who had ricardo 's blessing , had been assimilated to the landlords , who had not ; and so promoted into privilege .

Whether intentionally or not , the effect of the exclusion was to dodge for the time being a major constitutional problem .
whether intentionally or not , the effect of the [ban] was to dodge for the time being a major constitutional problem .

The reality that there are rights of ownership and that they are liable to , and do , conflict with those of labour can not be exorcised by pretending that they are not there ; and it is the exclusion of the public sector from the Committee 's purview which admits that reality .
the reality that there are rights of ownership and that they are liable to , and do , conflict with those of labour can not be exorcised by pretending that they are not there ; and it is the [ban] of the public sector from the committee 's purview which admits that reality .

However , the concept of jus cogens is not linked with the concept of State responsibility , another exclusion from the Vienna Convention .
however , the concept of jus cogens is not linked with the concept of state responsibility , another [ban] from the vienna convention .

As a separate international legal entity the organisation is a party to the transaction , to the exclusion of the member States .
as a separate international legal entity the organisation is a party to the transaction , to the [ban] of the member states .

That the Schools shall be conducted as heretofore on the principles of the Church of England , but not to the exclusion of the Children of Dissenters who desire to avail themselves thereof .
that the schools shall be conducted as heretofore on the principles of the church of england , but not to the [ban] of the children of dissenters who desire to avail themselves thereof .

The system admits of variations , but usually requires the exclusion of the candidate having the fewest votes in each successive count .
the system admits of variations , but usually requires the [ban] of the candidate having the fewest votes in each successive count .

The difficulty is that the assumptions on which it is based are to say the least shaky : the assumptions , namely , that only one vote suffices although more than one candidate is to be elected ; that preferential voting is reliable , even when used in ignorance of all the relevant information and inhibited by the arbitrary exclusion of candidates who might otherwise be successful ; that it is reasonable to grant to some votes the privilege of being transferred , and to lower-preference votes the possibility of exercising greater influence than is warranted by their very definition ; that it is reasonable also to give to all transferred votes the same weighting as to original votes ; and that election by quota is sensible even if the quotas are manifestly make-believe .
the difficulty is that the assumptions on which it is based are to say the least shaky : the assumptions , namely , that only one vote suffices although more than one candidate is to be elected ; that preferential voting is reliable , even when used in ignorance of all the relevant information and inhibited by the arbitrary [ban] of candidates who might otherwise be successful ; that it is reasonable to grant to some votes the privilege of being transferred , and to lower-preference votes the possibility of exercising greater influence than is warranted by their very definition ; that it is reasonable also to give to all transferred votes the same weighting as to original votes ; and that election by quota is sensible even if the quotas are manifestly make-believe .

( There was in West Germany an especially cogent reason for this exclusion clause .
( there was in west germany an especially cogent reason for this [ban] clause .

Whatever its precise terms an exclusion clause designed to operate on a national basis can not be justly applied to a party active in only one part of the country and putting up no candidates elsewhere .
whatever its precise terms an [ban] clause designed to operate on a national basis can not be justly applied to a party active in only one part of the country and putting up no candidates elsewhere .

By 1914 the terms of a possible compromise were emerging , by which Unionists would accept Home Rule and Liberals would agree to exclude Ulster ; argument continued over the exact size of an excluded Ulster and the length of time involved in exclusion , but the logic of the negotiations pointed to this settlement in 1914 just as it was to do in 1921–22 .
by 1914 the terms of a possible compromise were emerging , by which unionists would accept home rule and liberals would agree to exclude ulster ; argument continued over the exact size of an excluded ulster and the length of time involved in [ban] , but the logic of the negotiations pointed to this settlement in 1914 just as it was to do in 1921–22 .

Unable to accept concessions in negotiation , Law now saw much the same deal offered in public by the Liberals themselves , when Asquith announced an Amending Bill to satisfy Ulster 's fears of Home Rule with a period of exclusion .
unable to accept concessions in negotiation , law now saw much the same deal offered in public by the liberals themselves , when asquith announced an amending bill to satisfy ulster 's fears of home rule with a period of [ban] .

There remained doubt about the length of the exclusion , but it would certainly go past the next election and so allow a Unionist government to make it permanent .
there remained doubt about the length of the [ban] , but it would certainly go past the next election and so allow a unionist government to make it permanent .

Coalition was the negation of the party system , for as party assumed a grouping from the centre to one of the extremes , coalition assumed a grouping at the centre to the exclusion of extremists .
coalition was the negation of the party system , for as party assumed a grouping from the centre to one of the extremes , coalition assumed a grouping at the centre to the [ban] of extremists .

From this it follows that they satisfy the exclusion principle .
from this it follows that they satisfy the [ban] principle .

Exclusion of Remedies
[ban] of remedies

The Constitutional Significance of Rules about Exclusion of Remedies
the constitutional significance of rules about [ban] of remedies

Force Majeure Exclusion .
force majeure [ban] .

The exclusion of the top 10 % removes from the sample potentially distorting prices paid for exceptional works ; removing the bottom 10 % eliminates seriously damaged works and others of doubtful authenticity .
the [ban] of the top 10 % removes from the sample potentially distorting prices paid for exceptional works ; removing the bottom 10 % eliminates seriously damaged works and others of doubtful authenticity .

Do n't revise a few topics to the exclusion of all others .
do n't revise a few topics to the [ban] of all others .

like a child in a toyshop — so reluctant to choose one item to the exclusion of others that he ended up empty-handed .
like a child in a toyshop — so reluctant to choose one item to the [ban] of others that he ended up empty-handed .

The exclusion of sunk costs in the second gives rise to a crucial feature of their analysis — costless exit .
the [ban] of sunk costs in the second gives rise to a crucial feature of their analysis — costless exit .

Gloucester 's reaction to this arrangement is unknown , but Lancashire was the one area of the north where Edward failed to endorse his power and the duke may well have resented his exclusion ; recent work has emphasized that he never entirely abandoned claims to grants which he had once held .
gloucester 's reaction to this arrangement is unknown , but lancashire was the one area of the north where edward failed to endorse his power and the duke may well have resented his [ban] ; recent work has emphasized that he never entirely abandoned claims to grants which he had once held .

The events at Stony Stratford clearly took the political community by surprise , and their reaction makes it likely that the seizure of the prince was a pre-emptive strike by Gloucester rather than ( as Mancini 's scenario would suggest ) a retaliation for his exclusion from power .
the events at stony stratford clearly took the political community by surprise , and their reaction makes it likely that the seizure of the prince was a pre-emptive strike by gloucester rather than ( as mancini 's scenario would suggest ) a retaliation for his [ban] from power .

The exclusion of women from the paid labour force became in many areas an important part of the development of both working-class ‘ respectability ’ and of notions of working-class manhood .
the [ban] of women from the paid labour force became in many areas an important part of the development of both working-class ‘ respectability ’ and of notions of working-class manhood .

The style of life created by the upper artisan strata may be seen , from one point of view , as a transmission of middle class values — certainly as an assertion of social superiority , a self conscious cultural exclusion of less-favoured working class groups .
the style of life created by the upper artisan strata may be seen , from one point of view , as a transmission of middle class values — certainly as an assertion of social superiority , a self conscious cultural [ban] of less-favoured working class groups .

Moreover , the dependence of their prosperity on the status quo discouraged merchants from attempting to end their exclusion from overt political power and social pre-eminence .
moreover , the dependence of their prosperity on the status quo discouraged merchants from attempting to end their [ban] from overt political power and social pre-eminence .

The exclusion of air to create a vacuum .
the [ban] of air to create a vacuum .

Hence the exclusion of these from the Convention .
hence the [ban] of these from the convention .

But the exclusion of theology could be inspired by purely pragmatic considerations .
but the [ban] of theology could be inspired by purely pragmatic considerations .

Having defended the exclusion of capital punishment at Second Reading , the Home Secretary and his Ministerial colleagues conceded a free vote on a new clause moved at Report stage by a private member , Sydney Silverman , which had the effect of suspending the death penalty for murder for an experimental period of five years .
having defended the [ban] of capital punishment at second reading , the home secretary and his ministerial colleagues conceded a free vote on a new clause moved at report stage by a private member , sydney silverman , which had the effect of suspending the death penalty for murder for an experimental period of five years .

Literacy , in this case , is taken to involve attention to the ‘ meaning expressly represented in the sentence per se ’ to the exclusion of the interpersonal and social implications that dominated oral language .
literacy , in this case , is taken to involve attention to the ‘ meaning expressly represented in the sentence per se ’ to the [ban] of the interpersonal and social implications that dominated oral language .

Exclusion from networks reduces a function 's power .
[ban] from networks reduces a function 's power .

At each step variables were available for inclusion or exclusion as appropriate .
at each step variables were available for inclusion or [ban] as appropriate .

By exclusion chlorambucil was the most likely cause of this patient 's visual failure and optic atrophy .
by [ban] chlorambucil was the most likely cause of this patient 's visual failure and optic atrophy .

Although bank loans are a vitally important source of finance , this is not to the complete exclusion of equity issues .
although bank loans are a vitally important source of finance , this is not to the complete [ban] of equity issues .

The philosopher whose name is always associated with the 1688–9 settlement in England is , of course , John Locke , even though his Second Treatise of Government , which was taken as an apologia for that settlement , was most probably written as a response to the Exclusion crisis of 1679–80 .
the philosopher whose name is always associated with the 1688–9 settlement in england is , of course , john locke , even though his second treatise of government , which was taken as an apologia for that settlement , was most probably written as a response to the [ban] crisis of 1679–80 .

The Salvadorean Popular Church has placed particular emphasis on the need to promote women 's equality , both in terms of the traditional exclusion of women religious workers from certain liturgical responsibilities and in society in general : `` Women of course have played a subordinate role within the Church but Mns Romero took up our cause .
the salvadorean popular church has placed particular emphasis on the need to promote women 's equality , both in terms of the traditional [ban] of women religious workers from certain liturgical responsibilities and in society in general : `` women of course have played a subordinate role within the church but mns romero took up our cause .

There is keen competition among backbenchers for places on the most prestigious committees and some complaints that the committee of selection tends to appoint main stream party members to the exclusion of formidable establishment critics .
there is keen competition among backbenchers for places on the most prestigious committees and some complaints that the committee of selection tends to appoint main stream party members to the [ban] of formidable establishment critics .

Such an exclusion might entail the solicitor being reported to the Law Society .
such an [ban] might entail the solicitor being reported to the law society .

Exclusion of unlawfully obtained evidence
[ban] of unlawfully obtained evidence

It may seem odd at first sight that women should actively promote their own exclusion from the trade .
it may seem odd at first sight that women should actively promote their own [ban] from the trade .

( 3 ) The Principal Education Officer either accepts the lists proposed or refers particular schools back for exclusion or substitution , on the basis of expert knowledge about factors of which the project team could not have been aware .
( 3 ) the principal education officer either accepts the lists proposed or refers particular schools back for [ban] or substitution , on the basis of expert knowledge about factors of which the project team could not have been aware .

Here it was suggested that the school 's investment in areas subsequently utilised by the county for its own particular purposes ( including staff development ) became the basis for reacting angrily to the school 's exclusion from the project .
here it was suggested that the school 's investment in areas subsequently utilised by the county for its own particular purposes ( including staff development ) became the basis for reacting angrily to the school 's [ban] from the project .

Even for the culture-hungry people of St Petersburg , still flocking to exhibitions , theatres and concert-halls now that times , inflation-wise , are worse than ever , there is as yet no exclusion .
even for the culture-hungry people of st petersburg , still flocking to exhibitions , theatres and concert-halls now that times , inflation-wise , are worse than ever , there is as yet no [ban] .

The same Electoral Register is used for both types of election and much the same criteria for inclusion and exclusion are applied .
the same electoral register is used for both types of election and much the same criteria for inclusion and [ban] are applied .

Any explanation of structured inequality which concentrates on normative factors to the exclusion of material ones is inadequate .
any explanation of structured inequality which concentrates on normative factors to the [ban] of material ones is inadequate .

The cure for unemployment and the nation 's economic ills lay in the exclusion of all imports which could otherwise be made in Britain .
the cure for unemployment and the nation 's economic ills lay in the [ban] of all imports which could otherwise be made in britain .

He added that he did wish , however , to impress upon the Department the importance which the Korean Government and people attached to their apparent exclusion from the defense plans of the United States in the Far East .
he added that he did wish , however , to impress upon the department the importance which the korean government and people attached to their apparent [ban] from the defense plans of the united states in the far east .

There 's a terrible sense of exclusion that the childless feel .
there 's a terrible sense of [ban] that the childless feel .

The express exclusion of this case from the scope of the Convention leaves the Contracting States free to make whatever provision they judge appropriate , for example the use of substituted service in English law .
the express [ban] of this case from the scope of the convention leaves the contracting states free to make whatever provision they judge appropriate , for example the use of substituted service in english law .

Legalization is not required , as the Convention already provided for the exclusion of this requirement when transmission was through a Central Authority .
legalization is not required , as the convention already provided for the [ban] of this requirement when transmission was through a central authority .

As Collins has convincingly argued , the exclusion permitted by Article 23 is in one sense very surprising , as very few of the countries present would have regarded discovery , especially when ordered against third parties , as within the concepts of evidence or other judicial acts .
as collins has convincingly argued , the [ban] permitted by article 23 is in one sense very surprising , as very few of the countries present would have regarded discovery , especially when ordered against third parties , as within the concepts of evidence or other judicial acts .

As was illustrated earlier , two well conducted surveys of chronic health problems produced differing prevalence rates ; the inclusion ( or exclusion ) of the institutionalized population within the prevalence rate will also influence the resultant prediction .
as was illustrated earlier , two well conducted surveys of chronic health problems produced differing prevalence rates ; the inclusion ( or [ban] ) of the institutionalized population within the prevalence rate will also influence the resultant prediction .

Thus the opportunities for freedom and action — with respect to normatively discrepant behaviour and maintenance of specific identities — are intimately connected with the ability to attach boundaries to space and to command access to or exclusion from territories .
thus the opportunities for freedom and action — with respect to normatively discrepant behaviour and maintenance of specific identities — are intimately connected with the ability to attach boundaries to space and to command access to or [ban] from territories .

For some , it may seem somewhat morally repugnant to make policy choices based on the decisions of a rational man who is overly concerned with his own welfare , perhaps to the exclusion of others .
for some , it may seem somewhat morally repugnant to make policy choices based on the decisions of a rational man who is overly concerned with his own welfare , perhaps to the [ban] of others .

Thus , analysing the attempt by political philosophers to justify the exclusion of women from public life on the grounds of their defective capacities ( either rational , moral or cognitive ) , she suggests that there is a hidden argument which takes the exclusion of women to be unquestionable and attempts to justify the status quo by seeking an explanation in the defective capacities that women must then be assumed to have .
thus , analysing the attempt by political philosophers to justify the [ban] of women from public life on the grounds of their defective capacities ( either rational , moral or cognitive ) , she suggests that there is a hidden argument which takes the [ban] of women to be unquestionable and attempts to justify the status quo by seeking an explanation in the defective capacities that women must then be assumed to have .

Valuable , in that , by providing a conception of an autonomous , rational and apparently neutral subject , it made it possible for Enlightenment liberalism ( in particular Mary Wollstonecraft ) to question the exclusion of women from public life .
valuable , in that , by providing a conception of an autonomous , rational and apparently neutral subject , it made it possible for enlightenment liberalism ( in particular mary wollstonecraft ) to question the [ban] of women from public life .

Limiting , in that it conceals a covert gender specificity which operates to justify women 's continued exclusion — whether from public life or philosophy .
limiting , in that it conceals a covert gender specificity which operates to justify women 's continued [ban] — whether from public life or philosophy .

If their roles as housewives in general and mothers in particular are emphasised in social policy to the exclusion of consideration of their other roles , then this would reinforce their marginality in the labour market both ideologically and materially .
if their roles as housewives in general and mothers in particular are emphasised in social policy to the [ban] of consideration of their other roles , then this would reinforce their marginality in the labour market both ideologically and materially .

There is no mention of the military exclusion zone which has existed for at least two years , for anything up to seven days a week , around the highest Eildon .
there is no mention of the military [ban] zone which has existed for at least two years , for anything up to seven days a week , around the highest eildon .

The exclusion of the renunciation clauses weakened the force of the treaty ; it gave both sides the opportunity to prevaricate and , in the event , the renunciations were never carried out .
the [ban] of the renunciation clauses weakened the force of the treaty ; it gave both sides the opportunity to prevaricate and , in the event , the renunciations were never carried out .

Exclusion extends from pleasure to work .
[ban] extends from pleasure to work .

But the exclusion is all-important because women 's presence would dissolve the symmetry between men 's work and masculinity .
but the [ban] is all-important because women 's presence would dissolve the symmetry between men 's work and masculinity .

Orwell makes miners the core of his chronicle , they are the essential man and the essential worker , but the equation between work and masculinity depends on an exclusion — women .
orwell makes miners the core of his chronicle , they are the essential man and the essential worker , but the equation between work and masculinity depends on an [ban] — women .

These women were n't entirely defeated , and they were n't yet buried , their resistance could have been called to bear witness , but Orwell himself participated in the struggle for their exclusion by hiding their history .
these women were n't entirely defeated , and they were n't yet buried , their resistance could have been called to bear witness , but orwell himself participated in the struggle for their [ban] by hiding their history .

Men have to beware of their fascination for these men whose solidarity in work and play is founded on the exclusion of women .
men have to beware of their fascination for these men whose solidarity in work and play is founded on the [ban] of women .

Like Orwell , women 's relationship to miners starts from the basis of exclusion and mystery , but women live with the drama and danger of the pits , they live their solidarity with the pitmen .
like orwell , women 's relationship to miners starts from the basis of [ban] and mystery , but women live with the drama and danger of the pits , they live their solidarity with the pitmen .

The women 's exclusion from the pit separated them from a share in those incomes .
the women 's [ban] from the pit separated them from a share in those incomes .

Certain sections of the policy contain an exclusion relating to loss or damage caused by any process of cleaning , repair or alteration .
certain sections of the policy contain an [ban] relating to loss or damage caused by any process of cleaning , repair or alteration .

This exclusion applies equally to domestic cleaning as to professional cleaning . Therefore the following are examples of types of incidents which are not covered by the policy : —
this [ban] applies equally to domestic cleaning as to professional cleaning . therefore the following are examples of types of incidents which are not covered by the policy : —

Accidental Damage is self explanatory and limited by exclusion of damage due to breakdown , explosion or collapse which in effect excludes damage from any inherent defect in the plant .
accidental damage is self explanatory and limited by [ban] of damage due to breakdown , explosion or collapse which in effect excludes damage from any inherent defect in the plant .

Road Traffic Act Requirements for explosion risks as defined in the policy can be covered on payment of an additional premium , thereby amending part of this exclusion .
road traffic act requirements for explosion risks as defined in the policy can be covered on payment of an additional premium , thereby amending part of this [ban] .

Wear and tear and gradual deterioration is a standard exclusion in almost all Material Damage Policies .
wear and tear and gradual deterioration is a standard [ban] in almost all material damage policies .

Tube joints in multitubular/watertube boilers deteriorate gradually , as do seams in tubes and plates , and this exclusion is designed to exclude such gradual deterioration .
tube joints in multitubular/watertube boilers deteriorate gradually , as do seams in tubes and plates , and this [ban] is designed to exclude such gradual deterioration .

Whilst the exclusion relates to the cost of remedying or making good such defects , it should be noted that the policy does not exclude an insured event ( i.e. explosion , breakdown and sudden and unforeseen damage etc. ) which is a result of these defects .
whilst the [ban] relates to the cost of remedying or making good such defects , it should be noted that the policy does not exclude an insured event ( i.e. explosion , breakdown and sudden and unforeseen damage etc. ) which is a result of these defects .

Any loss/damage is covered unless a specific exclusion applies and provided we are satisfied the loss is genuine and the Claimant has exercised reasonable care .
any loss/damage is covered unless a specific [ban] applies and provided we are satisfied the loss is genuine and the claimant has exercised reasonable care .

Claimant suffering from a serious or terminal illness as the exclusion will apply only if the claim arises as a consequence of the illness .
claimant suffering from a serious or terminal illness as the [ban] will apply only if the claim arises as a consequence of the illness .

In such cases unemployment is known to be impending at the outset of the contract and therefore the exclusion ‘ unemployment known to be impending at the commencement of insurance ’ will apply with a resultant repudiation of the claim .
in such cases unemployment is known to be impending at the outset of the contract and therefore the [ban] ‘ unemployment known to be impending at the commencement of insurance ’ will apply with a resultant repudiation of the claim .

Definitions of Wilful Act are many and varied and in many cases of little benefit to the claims handler when considering invoking the exclusion to repudiate a claim .
definitions of wilful act are many and varied and in many cases of little benefit to the claims handler when considering invoking the [ban] to repudiate a claim .

Under General Exclusion 1 , no cover will operate if the craft is being used for any purpose other than private pleasure .
under general [ban] 1 , no cover will operate if the craft is being used for any purpose other than private pleasure .

Please also note General Exclusion 7b — no cover is provided for loss or damage caused by riots or civil commotion .
please also note general [ban] 7b — no cover is provided for loss or damage caused by riots or civil commotion .

General Exclusion 1
general [ban] 1

General Exclusion 6
general [ban] 6

The consequences of this Exclusion Clause are quite far reaching .
the consequences of this [ban] clause are quite far reaching .

Please note previous reference to Exclusion 7 to Section 1 .
please note previous reference to [ban] 7 to section 1 .

If the above Clause appears on the Schedule of the Policy it means that Exclusion 7 will no longer apply .
if the above clause appears on the schedule of the policy it means that [ban] 7 will no longer apply .

Theft or attempted theft — following exclusion is added :
theft or attempted theft — following [ban] is added :

Breakage or collapse of television and radio aerials , satellite dish aerials , aerial fittings and masts — exclusion ( b ) is deleted .
breakage or collapse of television and radio aerials , satellite dish aerials , aerial fittings and masts — [ban] ( b ) is deleted .

All other accidental loss or damage — exclusion ( d ) is amended to read as follows :
all other accidental loss or damage — [ban] ( d ) is amended to read as follows :

Page 11 — Special Exclusion ( a ) of paragraph 12 — Subsidence or heave of the site on which your buildings stand , or landslip — is amended to read :
page 11 — special [ban] ( a ) of paragraph 12 — subsidence or heave of the site on which your buildings stand , or landslip — is amended to read :

Page 16 — Special Exclusion ( i ) of the paragraph — Subsidence or heave of the site on which your buildings stand , or landslip — is amended to read :
page 16 — special [ban] ( i ) of the paragraph — subsidence or heave of the site on which your buildings stand , or landslip — is amended to read :

As a condition of this appointment you are required to accept that if the appointment is not renewed or extended at the end of the period referred to you will not be entitled to claim any rights to complain of unfair dismissal under the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 , as amended , which authorizes the exclusion by agreement of any such claim in the case of an appointment for a period of one year or more .
as a condition of this appointment you are required to accept that if the appointment is not renewed or extended at the end of the period referred to you will not be entitled to claim any rights to complain of unfair dismissal under the employment protection ( consolidation ) act 1978 , as amended , which authorizes the [ban] by agreement of any such claim in the case of an appointment for a period of one year or more .

It is a condition of this appointment that you complete the attached waiver agreeing to the exclusion of any claim to statutory rights in respect of unfair dismissal or redundancy payment on the expiry of your appointment without its being renewed or extended , and acknowledging that you will not be entitled to redundancy payments on such expiry .
it is a condition of this appointment that you complete the attached waiver agreeing to the [ban] of any claim to statutory rights in respect of unfair dismissal or redundancy payment on the expiry of your appointment without its being renewed or extended , and acknowledging that you will not be entitled to redundancy payments on such expiry .

We are now pleased to announce that this exclusion has been removed and all members who suffer from disabilities or diseases can now apply for insurance under the scheme .
we are now pleased to announce that this [ban] has been removed and all members who suffer from disabilities or diseases can now apply for insurance under the scheme .

The article argues that recent debates in sociology and socio-linguistics have concluded that Scottish identity and culture are fluid and multi-faceted , a matter of choice , not of inheritance , imposition , or exclusion .
the article argues that recent debates in sociology and socio-linguistics have concluded that scottish identity and culture are fluid and multi-faceted , a matter of choice , not of inheritance , imposition , or [ban] .

Interest groups articulate the demands of sectional groups in society , and public policy responds to these pressures to the virtual exclusion of elected assemblies ( though traditional principles of representation may remain operative at sub-national levels and for purposes of legitimation ) .
interest groups articulate the demands of sectional groups in society , and public policy responds to these pressures to the virtual [ban] of elected assemblies ( though traditional principles of representation may remain operative at sub-national levels and for purposes of legitimation ) .

Its dominance rests not just on its material position in society but also on the power attributes which all bureaucracies possess — a hierarchical concentration of authority , the exclusion of mass involvement in decision-making , the specialization of functions — ‘ in short , a scientific organization of inequality , which became the principle of a new form of class oppression ’ ( Lefort 1986 , p. 115 ) .
its dominance rests not just on its material position in society but also on the power attributes which all bureaucracies possess — a hierarchical concentration of authority , the [ban] of mass involvement in decision-making , the specialization of functions — ‘ in short , a scientific organization of inequality , which became the principle of a new form of class oppression ’ ( lefort 1986 , p. 115 ) .

Rules of inclusion and exclusion for state service multiply .
rules of inclusion and [ban] for state service multiply .

The criteria for exclusion were : ( a ) active bleeding from the ulcer ; ( b ) other coexistent lesions that could be the cause of bleeding ; ( c ) malignant ulcers , and ( d ) patient refusal to heater probe treatment .
the criteria for [ban] were : ( a ) active bleeding from the ulcer ; ( b ) other coexistent lesions that could be the cause of bleeding ; ( c ) malignant ulcers , and ( d ) patient refusal to heater probe treatment .

Gloucester 's reaction to this arrangement is unknown , but Lancashire was the one area of the north where Edward failed to endorse his power and the duke may well have resented his exclusion ; recent work has emphasized that he never entirely abandoned claims to grants which he had once held .
gloucester 's reaction to this arrangement is unknown , but lancashire was the one area of the north where edward failed to endorse his power and the duke may well have resented his [ban] ; recent work has emphasized that he never entirely abandoned claims to grants which he had once held .

The events at Stony Stratford clearly took the political community by surprise , and their reaction makes it likely that the seizure of the prince was a pre-emptive strike by Gloucester rather than ( as Mancini 's scenario would suggest ) a retaliation for his exclusion from power .
the events at stony stratford clearly took the political community by surprise , and their reaction makes it likely that the seizure of the prince was a pre-emptive strike by gloucester rather than ( as mancini 's scenario would suggest ) a retaliation for his [ban] from power .

Exclusion criteria were : ( 1 ) Patients whose overall medical condition rendered them as unduly high risk for elective surgery — for example , severe chronic obstructive airways disease ; ( 2 ) patients considered unsuitable for surgery because of technical reasons such as ( a ) gross obesity , ( b ) fixed hiatus hernia , ( c ) previous major upper gastrointestinal surgery ; ( 3 ) patients who had received previous therapy for bleeding oesophageal varices ; ( 4 ) patients already taking beta blockers ; ( 5 ) patients on waiting list for liver transplantation ; ( 6 ) HBsAg positive subjects .
[ban] criteria were : ( 1 ) patients whose overall medical condition rendered them as unduly high risk for elective surgery — for example , severe chronic obstructive airways disease ; ( 2 ) patients considered unsuitable for surgery because of technical reasons such as ( a ) gross obesity , ( b ) fixed hiatus hernia , ( c ) previous major upper gastrointestinal surgery ; ( 3 ) patients who had received previous therapy for bleeding oesophageal varices ; ( 4 ) patients already taking beta blockers ; ( 5 ) patients on waiting list for liver transplantation ; ( 6 ) hbsag positive subjects .

This study lacked objective or prospective data and was biased by the exclusion from the controls of people with irritable bowel syndrome .
this study lacked objective or prospective data and was biased by the [ban] from the controls of people with irritable bowel syndrome .

Reasons for exclusion in this group were large liver metastases ( seven ) , carcinoma but considered unfit for radiotherapy ( seven , including two sigmoid lesions ) , refusal of radiotherapy ( three ) , previous radiotherapy ( one ) , rectovaginal fistula ( one ) , unable to pass stricture ( thus radiotherapy likely to induce obstruction ) ( one ) .
reasons for [ban] in this group were large liver metastases ( seven ) , carcinoma but considered unfit for radiotherapy ( seven , including two sigmoid lesions ) , refusal of radiotherapy ( three ) , previous radiotherapy ( one ) , rectovaginal fistula ( one ) , unable to pass stricture ( thus radiotherapy likely to induce obstruction ) ( one ) .

Complaints were then made about the exclusion of the lords of the King 's blood from his Council , obviously an allusion to the duke of York , about purveyance of goods for the King 's household , and about extortion by sheriffs and their officers .
complaints were then made about the [ban] of the lords of the king 's blood from his council , obviously an allusion to the duke of york , about purveyance of goods for the king 's household , and about extortion by sheriffs and their officers .

Later in the century there were minor changes , of which the most important was the exclusion of the general body of the commonalty from electing the mayor and sheriffs in 1447 .
later in the century there were minor changes , of which the most important was the [ban] of the general body of the commonalty from electing the mayor and sheriffs in 1447 .

Although in some trials we noted post-randomisation exclusion of ineligible patients , early deaths , and protocol violations , we did not exclude them .
although in some trials we noted post-randomisation [ban] of ineligible patients , early deaths , and protocol violations , we did not exclude them .

Ideas such as exclusion of certain items such as good reputation , brand names , technical know-how can be used to provoke discussion .
ideas such as [ban] of certain items such as good reputation , brand names , technical know-how can be used to provoke discussion .

The question of exclusion of non-eligibles from in-kind transfer has been taken up by Toumanoff ( 1986 ) .
the question of [ban] of non-eligibles from in-kind transfer has been taken up by toumanoff ( 1986 ) .

Exclusion in many ways facilitates their apathy .
[ban] in many ways facilitates their apathy .

The possible benefits from this strategy are customer loyalty , exclusion of competitors , less price competition and increased profit margins .
the possible benefits from this strategy are customer loyalty , [ban] of competitors , less price competition and increased profit margins .

An economic embargo had been established in late March , and in early May the government had attempted to increase the pressure by declaring a 50-mile `` exclusion zone `` around the island , from which all ships and aircraft would be prohibited .
an economic embargo had been established in late march , and in early may the government had attempted to increase the pressure by declaring a 50-mile `` [ban] zone `` around the island , from which all ships and aircraft would be prohibited .

They featured ( i ) the reinstatement of the Ministry of Justice ( abolished in 1966 ) , the minister having the right to overturn court rulings ; ( ii ) the guaranteeing to defendants of the assistance on demand of a defence lawyer , including at the investigation stage ; ( iii ) a reduction in the number of capital offences from 34 to 11 ( retaining as capital offences treason , espionage , terrorism , murder and `` economic crime `` such as sabotage and theft of state property ) , and the exclusion of women from capital punishment ; ( iv ) clearer definition of the crime of agitation and propaganda against the state ( which was no longer to be a capital offence ) , in order to prevent its abuse by the authorities ; ( v ) the redefinition of internment and deportation as penal rather than administrative sanctions ( i.e .
they featured ( i ) the reinstatement of the ministry of justice ( abolished in 1966 ) , the minister having the right to overturn court rulings ; ( ii ) the guaranteeing to defendants of the assistance on demand of a defence lawyer , including at the investigation stage ; ( iii ) a reduction in the number of capital offences from 34 to 11 ( retaining as capital offences treason , espionage , terrorism , murder and `` economic crime `` such as sabotage and theft of state property ) , and the [ban] of women from capital punishment ; ( iv ) clearer definition of the crime of agitation and propaganda against the state ( which was no longer to be a capital offence ) , in order to prevent its abuse by the authorities ; ( v ) the redefinition of internment and deportation as penal rather than administrative sanctions ( i.e .

Lúder had objected to his non-notification of and subsequent exclusion from a dinner hosted by Menem on Jan. 17 , when one of the guests was the Army Chief of Staff Gen. Isidro Cáceres , and when matters of internal security were believed to have been discussed .
lúder had objected to his non-notification of and subsequent [ban] from a dinner hosted by menem on jan. 17 , when one of the guests was the army chief of staff gen. isidro cáceres , and when matters of internal security were believed to have been discussed .

Kirk became known internationally as `` Captain Kirk `` in 1983 when he had led a fleet of fishing boats across the North Sea to challenge the 12-mile exclusion zone declared by the United Kingdom government [ see pp .
kirk became known internationally as `` captain kirk `` in 1983 when he had led a fleet of fishing boats across the north sea to challenge the 12-mile [ban] zone declared by the united kingdom government [ see pp .

The new measures provided for ( i ) the lifting of the 150-mile exclusion zone around the Falkland Islands and its replacement on March 31 , 1990 , by mutually agreed security arrangements ( backed up by a direct radio `` hotline `` between the commander of the Falklands garrison and Argentina 's military high command ) giving each country advance warning of the military manoeuvres of the other , and allowing Argentinian warships and aircraft to come within 50 miles and 70 miles respectively of the Falklands without prior permission ; ( ii ) co-operation on air and sea rescue , safety procedures and air and maritime navigation ; ( iii ) an investment promotion and protection pact to encourage investment in the Falklands , and negotiations on possible Anglo-Argentinian investment promotion and protection agreements ; ( iv ) shared information on fishing in the South Atlantic , although a 150-mile conservation zone around the Falklands would be maintained , within which Argentinian vessels were denied the right to fish [ see p. 37001 ] ; ( v ) a working group on South Atlantic affairs and arrangements for further talks to improve contacts between the mainland and the Falklands ; ( vi ) visits by Argentinian relatives to Falkland war graves by arrangement with the International Red Cross ; ( vii ) co-operation on environmental protection ; and ( viii ) co-operation against drug trafficking .
the new measures provided for ( i ) the lifting of the 150-mile [ban] zone around the falkland islands and its replacement on march 31 , 1990 , by mutually agreed security arrangements ( backed up by a direct radio `` hotline `` between the commander of the falklands garrison and argentina 's military high command ) giving each country advance warning of the military manoeuvres of the other , and allowing argentinian warships and aircraft to come within 50 miles and 70 miles respectively of the falklands without prior permission ; ( ii ) co-operation on air and sea rescue , safety procedures and air and maritime navigation ; ( iii ) an investment promotion and protection pact to encourage investment in the falklands , and negotiations on possible anglo-argentinian investment promotion and protection agreements ; ( iv ) shared information on fishing in the south atlantic , although a 150-mile conservation zone around the falklands would be maintained , within which argentinian vessels were denied the right to fish [ see p. 37001 ] ; ( v ) a working group on south atlantic affairs and arrangements for further talks to improve contacts between the mainland and the falklands ; ( vi ) visits by argentinian relatives to falkland war graves by arrangement with the international red cross ; ( vii ) co-operation on environmental protection ; and ( viii ) co-operation against drug trafficking .

We have already seen that there were times when the High Anglican interest , supposedly the natural allies of strong monarchy , sought to challenge the powers of the Crown in order to protect the interests of the established Church ; we have also seen that Nonconformist and Whig politicians , who during the Exclusion Crisis became the champions of Parliamentarianism , had at times shown themselves prepared to defend the royal prerogative against Parliamentary limitation when it was being used to protect the interests of the Dissenters .
we have already seen that there were times when the high anglican interest , supposedly the natural allies of strong monarchy , sought to challenge the powers of the crown in order to protect the interests of the established church ; we have also seen that nonconformist and whig politicians , who during the [ban] crisis became the champions of parliamentarianism , had at times shown themselves prepared to defend the royal prerogative against parliamentary limitation when it was being used to protect the interests of the dissenters .

As had been the case during the Exclusion Crisis , Tories and Anglicans repeatedly argued that the Nonconformists were acting on popish principles in seeking to destroy both Church and State .
as had been the case during the [ban] crisis , tories and anglicans repeatedly argued that the nonconformists were acting on popish principles in seeking to destroy both church and state .

Compton , it is worth noting , had voted against Exclusion in the Lords in November 1680 .
compton , it is worth noting , had voted against [ban] in the lords in november 1680 .

The trained bands , which were under the control of the Tory-Anglican lieutenancy , and which during the Exclusion Crisis had been efficient in suppressing the activities of Whig and Nonconformist crowds , refused to act against the crowds who gathered to prevent people from attending the mass , believing that since the professed purpose was `` only pulling down Popery `` , they could not `` in conscience hinder `` .
the trained bands , which were under the control of the tory-anglican lieutenancy , and which during the [ban] crisis had been efficient in suppressing the activities of whig and nonconformist crowds , refused to act against the crowds who gathered to prevent people from attending the mass , believing that since the professed purpose was `` only pulling down popery `` , they could not `` in conscience hinder `` .

What is remarkable is that the initiative here was taken by the High Anglican clergy , who should have been the natural allies of the Stuart monarchy , and who had staunchly defended James 's title to the throne during the Exclusion Crisis .
what is remarkable is that the initiative here was taken by the high anglican clergy , who should have been the natural allies of the stuart monarchy , and who had staunchly defended james 's title to the throne during the [ban] crisis .

The Whigs perhaps enjoyed an overall majority , since the House chose as its Speaker Henry Powle , who had generally sided with the opposition during the Exclusion Parliaments , over the Tory candidate , Sir Edward Seymour .
the whigs perhaps enjoyed an overall majority , since the house chose as its speaker henry powle , who had generally sided with the opposition during the [ban] parliaments , over the tory candidate , sir edward seymour .

Powle himself had not been an exclusionist ; he voted against the first Exclusion Bill in 1679 , and consistently favoured the policy of limitations on a popish successor .
powle himself had not been an exclusionist ; he voted against the first [ban] bill in 1679 , and consistently favoured the policy of limitations on a popish successor .

The Revolution certainly marked a belated victory for the policy of Exclusion , and finally established the legislative sovereignty of Parliament .
the revolution certainly marked a belated victory for the policy of [ban] , and finally established the legislative sovereignty of parliament .

We have seen that there were two main forms of political alignment in Restoration England : the Whig–Tory one , which came to the fore during the Exclusion Crisis , and an earlier tradition of strife between Country and Court , which fed into , but did not directly overlap with , the subsequent party divide .
we have seen that there were two main forms of political alignment in restoration england : the whig–tory one , which came to the fore during the [ban] crisis , and an earlier tradition of strife between country and court , which fed into , but did not directly overlap with , the subsequent party divide .

There was also a highly partisan press , which flourished after the final lapsing of the Licensing Act in 1695 , and an examination of the war of words between the two parties suggests significant continuities with the party conflict of the Exclusion Crisis .
there was also a highly partisan press , which flourished after the final lapsing of the licensing act in 1695 , and an examination of the war of words between the two parties suggests significant continuities with the party conflict of the [ban] crisis .

As a result of this new alliance with the bishops , we see little of the anti-episcopalian rhetoric which had been such a prominent feature of the Whig platform during the Exclusion Crisis .
as a result of this new alliance with the bishops , we see little of the anti-episcopalian rhetoric which had been such a prominent feature of the whig platform during the [ban] crisis .

This seems a far cry from the Tory-ism of the Exclusion Crisis : the Oxford Decree of 1683 had condemned the doctrine that the Crown was one of the three estates .
this seems a far cry from the tory-ism of the [ban] crisis : the oxford decree of 1683 had condemned the doctrine that the crown was one of the three estates .

In contrast , government Whigs can be found defending the prerogative rights of the Crown — notably vis-à-vis the Church in the Convocation controversy , but also on a number of other issues — and in so doing invoked a vision of England 's feudal past similar to that employed by Tories during the Exclusion Crisis .
in contrast , government whigs can be found defending the prerogative rights of the crown — notably vis-à-vis the church in the convocation controversy , but also on a number of other issues — and in so doing invoked a vision of england 's feudal past similar to that employed by tories during the [ban] crisis .

Tory legal-constitutionalism was nothing new in the early eighteenth century — it is in evidence during the years of the Exclusion Crisis and Tory reaction , and its roots can be traced back to the Clarendonian position at the Restoration .
tory legal-constitutionalism was nothing new in the early eighteenth century — it is in evidence during the years of the [ban] crisis and tory reaction , and its roots can be traced back to the clarendonian position at the restoration .

Even during the Exclusion Crisis there were many conservative Whigs who saw Exclusion as the only way to preserve strong monarchy in England .
even during the [ban] crisis there were many conservative whigs who saw [ban] as the only way to preserve strong monarchy in england .

In 1711 the Whig Kit-Cat Club spent £200 on planning an elaborate procession in London for 17 November , along the lines of those staged by the Green Ribbon Club during the Exclusion Crisis , culminating in burning effigies of the Pope , the devil , and the Pretender .
in 1711 the whig kit-cat club spent £200 on planning an elaborate procession in london for 17 november , along the lines of those staged by the green ribbon club during the [ban] crisis , culminating in burning effigies of the pope , the devil , and the pretender .

This is in stark contrast with the Exclusion Crisis , when both the electorate and , at least initially , `` the crowd `` , appear to have been largely in favour of the Whigs .
this is in stark contrast with the [ban] crisis , when both the electorate and , at least initially , `` the crowd `` , appear to have been largely in favour of the whigs .

The growing Country opposition to William 's ministry in the Scottish Parliament consisted mainly of men who stood on a Revolution and Presbyterian foot , but whose exclusion from office exacerbated their disillusionment and allowed them to indulge their nationalist sentiments .
the growing country opposition to william 's ministry in the scottish parliament consisted mainly of men who stood on a revolution and presbyterian foot , but whose [ban] from office exacerbated their disillusionment and allowed them to indulge their nationalist sentiments .

This is not just because the terms Whig and Tory were not to become current usage until the Exclusion Crisis , but because the political polarities which were emerging in the 1660s and 1670s — between Court and Country — did not predict the Whig–Tory split that was to emerge after the Popish Plot .
this is not just because the terms whig and tory were not to become current usage until the [ban] crisis , but because the political polarities which were emerging in the 1660s and 1670s — between court and country — did not predict the whig–tory split that was to emerge after the popish plot .

The degree of organisation developed by both Whigs and Tories during the Exclusion Crisis was probably sufficient to allow us to describe them as parties , although opinions on this matter will vary depending upon how strong a definition of `` party `` one chooses to adopt .
the degree of organisation developed by both whigs and tories during the [ban] crisis was probably sufficient to allow us to describe them as parties , although opinions on this matter will vary depending upon how strong a definition of `` party `` one chooses to adopt .

The Whig and Tory groupings had come into existence over a particular crisis , and although that crisis was not about just one issue — Exclusion — it was the case that the parties polarised over how they thought the crisis could be resolved .
the whig and tory groupings had come into existence over a particular crisis , and although that crisis was not about just one issue — [ban] — it was the case that the parties polarised over how they thought the crisis could be resolved .

Nevertheless such changes can be seen as consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; the Whigs and Tories of Anne 's reign remained the recognisable heirs of their namesakes of the Exclusion Crisis .
nevertheless such changes can be seen as consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; the whigs and tories of anne 's reign remained the recognisable heirs of their namesakes of the [ban] crisis .

The evidence is not good enough to support any one of these interpretations to the total exclusion of either of the others .
the evidence is not good enough to support any one of these interpretations to the total [ban] of either of the others .

Although this exclusion would not be valid if it was not reasonable , it is likely that in such a contract on which the acquirer had received professional legal advice the provision would be upheld as being reasonable .
although this [ban] would not be valid if it was not reasonable , it is likely that in such a contract on which the acquirer had received professional legal advice the provision would be upheld as being reasonable .

Finally , exegesis of Keynes ' work has concentrated inordinately on the ‘ model ’ of the General Theory , to the exclusion of Keynes ' earlier economic ideas and also his epistemology .
finally , exegesis of keynes ' work has concentrated inordinately on the ‘ model ’ of the general theory , to the [ban] of keynes ' earlier economic ideas and also his epistemology .

Many of the researchers are studying developments in ‘ high technology ’ Industries — but certainly not to the exclusion of other industries .
many of the researchers are studying developments in ‘ high technology ’ industries — but certainly not to the [ban] of other industries .

To understand fully the factors maintaining sectarianism in Northern Ireland , we need to examine the role of youth cultures in sustaining the patterns of identity and social exclusion which characterise this divided society .
to understand fully the factors maintaining sectarianism in northern ireland , we need to examine the role of youth cultures in sustaining the patterns of identity and social [ban] which characterise this divided society .

The marginalization and exclusion of older workers
the marginalization and [ban] of older workers

the response of the second generation to discrimination and social exclusion in general , and in the housing market in particular .
the response of the second generation to discrimination and social [ban] in general , and in the housing market in particular .

It is understood there is particular resentment at the exclusion from last weekend 's Radio Ulster Sunday Sequence discussion on the Churches ' role in education .
it is understood there is particular resentment at the [ban] from last weekend 's radio ulster sunday sequence discussion on the churches ' role in education .

The forthcoming Walker Cup match does exercise his mind , but not at the exclusion of everything else .
the forthcoming walker cup match does exercise his mind , but not at the [ban] of everything else .

Bentham here explores a number of themes of importance to constitutional theory ; the separation of powers , the exclusion of minorities from suffrage and office , popular sovereignty , and political accountability .
bentham here explores a number of themes of importance to constitutional theory ; the separation of powers , the [ban] of minorities from suffrage and office , popular sovereignty , and political accountability .

The matter particles obey what is called Pauli 's exclusion principle .
the matter particles obey what is called pauli 's [ban] principle .

Pauli 's exclusion principle says that two similar particles can not exist in the same state , that is , they can not have both the same position and the same velocity , within the limits given by the uncertainty principle .
pauli 's [ban] principle says that two similar particles can not exist in the same state , that is , they can not have both the same position and the same velocity , within the limits given by the uncertainty principle .

The exclusion principle is crucial because it explains why matter particles do not collapse to a state of very high density under the influence of the forces produced by the particles of spin 0 , 1 , and 2 : if the matter particles have very nearly the same positions , they must have different velocities , which means that they will not stay in the same position for long .
the [ban] principle is crucial because it explains why matter particles do not collapse to a state of very high density under the influence of the forces produced by the particles of spin 0 , 1 , and 2 : if the matter particles have very nearly the same positions , they must have different velocities , which means that they will not stay in the same position for long .

If the world had been created without the exclusion principle , quarks would not form separate , well-defined protons and neutrons .
if the world had been created without the [ban] principle , quarks would not form separate , well-defined protons and neutrons .

It is an important property of the force-carrying particles that they do not obey the exclusion principle .
it is an important property of the force-carrying particles that they do not obey the [ban] principle .

Chandrasekhar realized , however , that there is a limit to the repulsion that the exclusion principle can provide .
chandrasekhar realized , however , that there is a limit to the repulsion that the [ban] principle can provide .

This means that when the star got sufficiently dense , the repulsion caused by the exclusion principle would be less than the attraction of gravity .
this means that when the star got sufficiently dense , the repulsion caused by the [ban] principle would be less than the attraction of gravity .

These stars would be supported by the exclusion principle repulsion between neutrons and protons , rather than between electrons .
these stars would be supported by the [ban] principle repulsion between neutrons and protons , rather than between electrons .

Chandrasekhar had shown that the exclusion principle could not halt the collapse of a star more massive than the Chandrasekhar limit , but the problem of understanding what would happen to such a star , according to general relativity , was first solved by a young American , Robert Oppenheimer , in 1939 .
chandrasekhar had shown that the [ban] principle could not halt the collapse of a star more massive than the chandrasekhar limit , but the problem of understanding what would happen to such a star , according to general relativity , was first solved by a young american , robert oppenheimer , in 1939 .

It is now clear that the construction of the small-town defences provided an additional influence on their morphological development , depending upon the inclusion or exclusion of particular areas .
it is now clear that the construction of the small-town defences provided an additional influence on their morphological development , depending upon the inclusion or [ban] of particular areas .

Exclusion of liability and Limitation
[ban] of liability and limitation

First , it involves bringing the exclusion directly to the attention of the buyer .
first , it involves bringing the [ban] directly to the attention of the buyer .

Secondly , there may be difficulty in proving that the buyer orally agreed to the exclusion .
secondly , there may be difficulty in proving that the buyer orally agreed to the [ban] .

First , an exclusion clause in an unsigned document is not incorporated unless at the time of making the contract , either the buyer was aware of its existence or else reasonable steps had been taken to bring it to his attention .
first , an [ban] clause in an unsigned document is not incorporated unless at the time of making the contract , either the buyer was aware of its existence or else reasonable steps had been taken to bring it to his attention .

An exclusion clause which would otherwise be incorporated by one of the methods referred to above , may nevertheless be overridden by later statements made by the seller to the buyer .
an [ban] clause which would otherwise be incorporated by one of the methods referred to above , may nevertheless be overridden by later statements made by the seller to the buyer .

The seller can not rely on any exclusion clause , no matter what liability it claims to exclude , to the extent that he or his agent has misrepresented the effect of the clause .
the seller can not rely on any [ban] clause , no matter what liability it claims to exclude , to the extent that he or his agent has misrepresented the effect of the clause .

In such a case an exclusion clause could , if appropriately worded ( and subject to the provisions of the Unfair Contract Terms Act ) , provide the manufacturer with a good defence against a claim by the purchaser in negligence .
in such a case an [ban] clause could , if appropriately worded ( and subject to the provisions of the unfair contract terms act ) , provide the manufacturer with a good defence against a claim by the purchaser in negligence .

However , someone other than the purchaser could be injured on account of the article 's negligent manufacture and an exclusion clause would provide no defence in an action brought by him against the manufacturer .
however , someone other than the purchaser could be injured on account of the article 's negligent manufacture and an [ban] clause would provide no defence in an action brought by him against the manufacturer .

An exclusion clause is construed contra proferentem , i. e. narrowly against the interest of the person relying upon it .
an [ban] clause is construed contra proferentem , i. e. narrowly against the interest of the person relying upon it .

An exclusion clause is inserted for the sole benefit of one of the parties , in a contract of sale , the seller .
an [ban] clause is inserted for the sole benefit of one of the parties , in a contract of sale , the seller .

In interpreting the clause , their lordships observed that this was a limitation of liability clause and not a complete exclusion clause .
in interpreting the clause , their lordships observed that this was a limitation of liability clause and not a complete [ban] clause .

Paragraph ( c ) would appear not to affect decisions in cases such as Kendall v. Lillico ( see paragraph 10–07 ) and Cointat v. Myham ( see paragraph 10–08 ) cases where the purchaser chooses to buy goods for his business from a seller whose terms he has in a consistent course of dealing been apparently quite happy to accept or where the purchaser buys goods in a market in which a trade custom shows that merchants have found exclusion terms to be acceptable .
paragraph ( c ) would appear not to affect decisions in cases such as kendall v. lillico ( see paragraph 10–07 ) and cointat v. myham ( see paragraph 10–08 ) cases where the purchaser chooses to buy goods for his business from a seller whose terms he has in a consistent course of dealing been apparently quite happy to accept or where the purchaser buys goods in a market in which a trade custom shows that merchants have found [ban] terms to be acceptable .

An exclusion clause , which purports to exclude or limit liability under these terms , is subject to the rules already outlined in this chapter , including the rules laid down in the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 .
an [ban] clause , which purports to exclude or limit liability under these terms , is subject to the rules already outlined in this chapter , including the rules laid down in the unfair contract terms act 1977 .

It should be noted that if any of these ineffective exclusion clauses are included in an advertisement , the trader responsible will expose himself to the risk of proceedings against him under the Control of Misleading Advertisements Regulations 1988 ( see paragraph 16 — 37 , below ) .
it should be noted that if any of these ineffective [ban] clauses are included in an advertisement , the trader responsible will expose himself to the risk of proceedings against him under the control of misleading advertisements regulations 1988 ( see paragraph 16 — 37 , below ) .

The Society sees this as the best protection against the exclusion of some firms from franchising and against any attempt to force them to tender for legal aid work on the basis of price .
the society sees this as the best protection against the [ban] of some firms from franchising and against any attempt to force them to tender for legal aid work on the basis of price .

Contributors may suggest reviewers ; limited requests for the exclusion of specific reviewers are usually heeded .
contributors may suggest reviewers ; limited requests for the [ban] of specific reviewers are usually heeded .

separation by size exclusion alone , which is the more important feature , and
separation by size [ban] alone , which is the more important feature , and

Other queries may relate to specific attributes of the spatial entities , or to combinations of these attributes , to the exclusion of any locational property . Examples of this kind of query include : How many states of the United States have a population greater than two million people ? What percentage of the area of New Jersey is classified as urban ? What is the population density ( persons per square kilometre ) of Alaska ?
other queries may relate to specific attributes of the spatial entities , or to combinations of these attributes , to the [ban] of any locational property . examples of this kind of query include : how many states of the united states have a population greater than two million people ? what percentage of the area of new jersey is classified as urban ? what is the population density ( persons per square kilometre ) of alaska ?

With unswerving determination , Gould kept his sights on the completion of his publication to the exclusion of all else .
with unswerving determination , gould kept his sights on the completion of his publication to the [ban] of all else .

In August 1982 Baghdad announced a military exclusion zone at the head of the Gulf , covering the oil terminal at Kharg , the general cargo ports of Bushehr and Bandar Khomeini and their respective approaches .
in august 1982 baghdad announced a military [ban] zone at the head of the gulf , covering the oil terminal at kharg , the general cargo ports of bushehr and bandar khomeini and their respective approaches .

These overtones of differentness and specialism inhibit much of the mainstream arts community from working to include Disabled people and thus perpetuate a whole cycle of exclusion and presumption .
these overtones of differentness and specialism inhibit much of the mainstream arts community from working to include disabled people and thus perpetuate a whole cycle of [ban] and presumption .

It shows that exclusion is not an inevitable part of having an impairment , but is socially-created and can therefore be socially-changed .
it shows that [ban] is not an inevitable part of having an impairment , but is socially-created and can therefore be socially-changed .

The real problem is disabled people 's exclusion from many areas of social life .
the real problem is disabled people 's [ban] from many areas of social life .

Much of the focus has so far been on integration , instigated predominantly by non-Disabled people , as a mean for all sections of the community to be involved on an equal basis , in a way which does not differentiate between the intention of this approach is genuine , in practice it often transmutes into another form of exclusion and discrimination .
much of the focus has so far been on integration , instigated predominantly by non-disabled people , as a mean for all sections of the community to be involved on an equal basis , in a way which does not differentiate between the intention of this approach is genuine , in practice it often transmutes into another form of [ban] and discrimination .

Partly due to their systematic exclusion , but also as a matter of choice , feminist artists increasingly preferred to display their work in settings they considered more appropriate to their desire to participate in the more public/political debates of feminism and a recognition of art as a communicative medium .
partly due to their systematic [ban] , but also as a matter of choice , feminist artists increasingly preferred to display their work in settings they considered more appropriate to their desire to participate in the more public/political debates of feminism and a recognition of art as a communicative medium .

Of course , these generations had , at all costs , to be kept racially clean through the exclusion of non-Aryan blood .
of course , these generations had , at all costs , to be kept racially clean through the [ban] of non-aryan blood .

He glanced up at her face again , and discovered that she was looking at him with some interest , and it struck him that until now starvation had held her attention to the exclusion of all else .
he glanced up at her face again , and discovered that she was looking at him with some interest , and it struck him that until now starvation had held her attention to the [ban] of all else .

Rather than elevating the rights of the fetus to the exclusion of all the other factors , we have set ourselves the primary task of helping other women who face the dilemma of unwanted childbearing .
rather than elevating the rights of the fetus to the [ban] of all the other factors , we have set ourselves the primary task of helping other women who face the dilemma of unwanted childbearing .

Among the privileged classes , white male parentage is so stressed to the exclusion of black female that ‘ you get the impression that these virile Englishmen do not require women to reproduce .
among the privileged classes , white male parentage is so stressed to the [ban] of black female that ‘ you get the impression that these virile englishmen do not require women to reproduce .

It goes on to state : ’ The undersigned eleven have agreed ’ to article 117 , which states : ’ The Community and its Member States shall have as their objectives the promotion of employment , improved living and working conditions , proper social protection , dialogue between management and labour , the development of human resources with a view to lasting high employment and the combating of exclusion . ’
it goes on to state : ’ the undersigned eleven have agreed ’ to article 117 , which states : ’ the community and its member states shall have as their objectives the promotion of employment , improved living and working conditions , proper social protection , dialogue between management and labour , the development of human resources with a view to lasting high employment and the combating of [ban] . ’

To ask the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland what are the total number of residents of Northern Ireland who have been questioned under the Prevention of Terrorism Act and ( a ) subsequently charged and ( b ) convicted or had an exclusion order placed upon them since 1974 .
to ask the secretary of state for northern ireland what are the total number of residents of northern ireland who have been questioned under the prevention of terrorism act and ( a ) subsequently charged and ( b ) convicted or had an [ban] order placed upon them since 1974 .

Chapter 10 deals with the position where one of the terms is an exclusion clause .
chapter 10 deals with the position where one of the terms is an [ban] clause .

That is unless it is either an exclusion clause made unenforceable by the Unfair Contract Terms 1977 ( see Chapter 10 ) or a penalty clause .
that is unless it is either an [ban] clause made unenforceable by the unfair contract terms 1977 ( see chapter 10 ) or a penalty clause .

Such conceptions , however , persistently disregard one of the principal elements in political life , namely , the struggles that have taken place , and still take place , precisely over the ‘ legitimacy ’ of any established system of political power , and over the exclusion of some members of society — frequently a majority of the population — from any effective participation in the determination of collective goals ( which are often in fact , as Marx observed , representations of an illusory , spurious ‘ general interest ’ ) , whether by a restriction of political rights ( for example , the right to vote ) , by coercion or by ideological manipulation .
such conceptions , however , persistently disregard one of the principal elements in political life , namely , the struggles that have taken place , and still take place , precisely over the ‘ legitimacy ’ of any established system of political power , and over the [ban] of some members of society — frequently a majority of the population — from any effective participation in the determination of collective goals ( which are often in fact , as marx observed , representations of an illusory , spurious ‘ general interest ’ ) , whether by a restriction of political rights ( for example , the right to vote ) , by coercion or by ideological manipulation .

An alternative way of dealing with the problem of observational equivalence is to impose a priori what are called exclusion restrictions .
an alternative way of dealing with the problem of observational equivalence is to impose a priori what are called [ban] restrictions .

Exclusion restrictions are a frequent feature of empirical studies involving rational expectations .
[ban] restrictions are a frequent feature of empirical studies involving rational expectations .

As a result the imposition of exclusion restrictions is often a controversial matter .
as a result the imposition of [ban] restrictions is often a controversial matter .

One of the most rigorous rules of quantum mechanics is the Pauli Exclusion Principle , an important consequence of which is that each orbital can hold no more than two electrons .
one of the most rigorous rules of quantum mechanics is the pauli [ban] principle , an important consequence of which is that each orbital can hold no more than two electrons .

Huy found himself looking at the man 's lips alone , and the spittle switching from one to the other , in horrified fascination and to the exclusion of everything else .
huy found himself looking at the man 's lips alone , and the spittle switching from one to the other , in horrified fascination and to the [ban] of everything else .

If the Formalist definition of its object was going to allow for the specificity of literary studies , the Formalists regarded it as necessarily entailing the exclusion of all mimetic and expressive definitions of literature .
if the formalist definition of its object was going to allow for the specificity of literary studies , the formalists regarded it as necessarily entailing the [ban] of all mimetic and expressive definitions of literature .

The exclusion of authors , reality and thought from their central position in literature was part of a purification of the notion of literature which entails a radical alteration of one of the most deeply ingrained concepts in thinking about literature : the distinction between form and content .
the [ban] of authors , reality and thought from their central position in literature was part of a purification of the notion of literature which entails a radical alteration of one of the most deeply ingrained concepts in thinking about literature : the distinction between form and content .

The exclusion of the author from critical analysis , the attention to form , the claims for scientificity are themes which have all been voiced before , but not in the same theoretical context , and so they acquire a different significance .
the [ban] of the author from critical analysis , the attention to form , the claims for scientificity are themes which have all been voiced before , but not in the same theoretical context , and so they acquire a different significance .

The exclusion of the author from literature is similarly represented by a number of James 's tales .
the [ban] of the author from literature is similarly represented by a number of james 's tales .

Fleur Adams had spoilt Dana in every way she could , to the exclusion of Claudia , who had always been closer to her father .
fleur adams had spoilt dana in every way she could , to the [ban] of claudia , who had always been closer to her father .

There was no adequacy of words — only this tranced awareness of mortality , and of the pain that the Rector and his wife must share to the exclusion of all others , alone in the bedroom , while Louisa stood between her father and the doctor in the hall , her limbs aching , her mind strangely uncertain of itself .
there was no adequacy of words — only this tranced awareness of mortality , and of the pain that the rector and his wife must share to the [ban] of all others , alone in the bedroom , while louisa stood between her father and the doctor in the hall , her limbs aching , her mind strangely uncertain of itself .

Still worse , she had allowed herself to be drawn into a conspiracy of exclusion .
still worse , she had allowed herself to be drawn into a conspiracy of [ban] .

In summary , the exclusion of through traffic would serve the city well and can now be justified by several arguments .
in summary , the [ban] of through traffic would serve the city well and can now be justified by several arguments .

Does the same exclusion of teachers apply to the Act 's seventh and final change , namely the enhancement of governors ' powers ?
does the same [ban] of teachers apply to the act 's seventh and final change , namely the enhancement of governors ' powers ?

In this way , he pre-empted possible rebellions on grounds of exclusion and fuelled the common interest of his diverse partisans in keeping the regime alive and himself in power .
in this way , he pre-empted possible rebellions on grounds of [ban] and fuelled the common interest of his diverse partisans in keeping the regime alive and himself in power .

If a Tribunal refuses to consider a fact as relevant or operates an exclusion without considering any of the facts , this is a mistake of law and an appeal will be appropriate .
if a tribunal refuses to consider a fact as relevant or operates an [ban] without considering any of the facts , this is a mistake of law and an appeal will be appropriate .

2.5 We have , therefore , one very substantial consequence in terms of grammatical acceptability , namely exclusion of associatives from predicative position .
2.5 we have , therefore , one very substantial consequence in terms of grammatical acceptability , namely [ban] of associatives from predicative position .

By simply testing the instances of associative adjectives already given , we soon discover that they are subject to a general exclusion from predicative position .
by simply testing the instances of associative adjectives already given , we soon discover that they are subject to a general [ban] from predicative position .

The reason for the exclusion of associative adjectives from predicative position is an immediate consequence of the fact that predicative position explicitly assigns the property of the adjective to the entity of the noun phrase in subject position , while associative adjectives are characterized by the fact that they are not taken as valid for the entity which they qualify .
the reason for the [ban] of associative adjectives from predicative position is an immediate consequence of the fact that predicative position explicitly assigns the property of the adjective to the entity of the noun phrase in subject position , while associative adjectives are characterized by the fact that they are not taken as valid for the entity which they qualify .

The increasing exclusion of the laity from an active role within the Church gave them a feeling of alienation and doubtless accounted for the rise in popularity of sects in which lay persons could play a more positive and meaningful part .
the increasing [ban] of the laity from an active role within the church gave them a feeling of alienation and doubtless accounted for the rise in popularity of sects in which lay persons could play a more positive and meaningful part .

Establishment of air exclusion zone
establishment of air [ban] zone

In its first official comment on Aug. 20 Iraq denounced Western plans for an aerial exclusion zone as an " imperialist conspiracy " aimed at dismembering the country , and claimed that the scheme had been devised with the active co-operation of Iran [ see also below ] .
in its first official comment on aug. 20 iraq denounced western plans for an aerial [ban] zone as an " imperialist conspiracy " aimed at dismembering the country , and claimed that the scheme had been devised with the active co-operation of iran [ see also below ] .

On Aug. 23 official statements from Algeria , Jordan , Libya , Sudan , Syria , Yemen and the Arab League also stressed the importance of maintaining Iraq 's territorial integrity and warned that the exclusion zone plan would heighten regional tension .
on aug. 23 official statements from algeria , jordan , libya , sudan , syria , yemen and the arab league also stressed the importance of maintaining iraq 's territorial integrity and warned that the [ban] zone plan would heighten regional tension .

Reports in late August indicated that while the enforcement of the air exclusion zone had proved effective , there appeared to have been an intensification of the government 's ground campaign against Shia rebels .
reports in late august indicated that while the enforcement of the air [ban] zone had proved effective , there appeared to have been an intensification of the government 's ground campaign against shia rebels .

On Jan. 22 the Supreme Court refused to allow the only all-male dining club at Princeton University to maintain its exclusion of women as members .
on jan. 22 the supreme court refused to allow the only all-male dining club at princeton university to maintain its [ban] of women as members .

The decision brought to an end a case which had begun in 1979 when a female student filed a complaint over the exclusion with New Jersey civil rights officials .
the decision brought to an end a case which had begun in 1979 when a female student filed a complaint over the [ban] with new jersey civil rights officials .

Some reports suggested that the exclusion of Shaikh Sabah from the new Cabinet , and his replacement by Shaikh Salem , reflected growing rivalry between the Jabirs and the Salems , the two main branches of the as Sabah family .
some reports suggested that the [ban] of shaikh sabah from the new cabinet , and his replacement by shaikh salem , reflected growing rivalry between the jabirs and the salems , the two main branches of the as sabah family .

On July 10 , the International Cricket Council meeting in London re-elected the United Cricket Board of South Africa to full membership after 21 years of exclusion .
on july 10 , the international cricket council meeting in london re-elected the united cricket board of south africa to full membership after 21 years of [ban] .

( The bloc included nationalists and former ministers with no apparent ideological differences with the government , which prompted press speculation that their initial stance was founded largely on their exclusion from the Cabinet . )
( the bloc included nationalists and former ministers with no apparent ideological differences with the government , which prompted press speculation that their initial stance was founded largely on their [ban] from the cabinet . )

The congress was held behind closed doors , and the exclusion of foreign journalists and overseas political delegations encouraged speculation that political divisions existed between the party leadership and membership , represented by 1,800 delegates .
the congress was held behind closed doors , and the [ban] of foreign journalists and overseas political delegations encouraged speculation that political divisions existed between the party leadership and membership , represented by 1,800 delegates .

Exclusion of elected leaders from Exco
[ban] of elected leaders from exco

Kaifu 's determination to maintain the exclusion of Recruit-tainted ministers was strengthened by the emergence in December of a fresh scandal .
kaifu 's determination to maintain the [ban] of recruit-tainted ministers was strengthened by the emergence in december of a fresh scandal .

The wave of Arab knife attacks on Israelis in the aftermath of the Temple Mount massacre continued during December , prompting calls for the exclusion of Arab labourers and the resumption of mass deportations of Palestinians .
the wave of arab knife attacks on israelis in the aftermath of the temple mount massacre continued during december , prompting calls for the [ban] of arab labourers and the resumption of mass deportations of palestinians .

Most of the signatories opposed the principle of peace negotiations with Israel , while others were angered at their exclusion from the government .
most of the signatories opposed the principle of peace negotiations with israel , while others were angered at their [ban] from the government .

Tacit compliance with air exclusion zone
tacit compliance with air [ban] zone

The Iraqi government on Sept. 1 reinforced its orders directing the air force to keep away from the air exclusion zone enforced by the Western allies south of the 32nd parallel [ see p. 39069 ] , and instructed ground forces not to fire at Western aircraft .
the iraqi government on sept. 1 reinforced its orders directing the air force to keep away from the air [ban] zone enforced by the western allies south of the 32nd parallel [ see p. 39069 ] , and instructed ground forces not to fire at western aircraft .

Escalation of Western military pressure , he said , `` risks turning this exclusion zone into an explosion zone … harmful to the interests of the West and the Arab world `` .
escalation of western military pressure , he said , `` risks turning this [ban] zone into an explosion zone … harmful to the interests of the west and the arab world `` .

In what was construed by observers as a blow to Iraq , the communiqué welcomed the restoration of Kuwait 's sovereignty and omitted any mention of the Western air exclusion zone over southern Iraq .
in what was construed by observers as a blow to iraq , the communiqué welcomed the restoration of kuwait 's sovereignty and omitted any mention of the western air [ban] zone over southern iraq .

The government maintained pressure on the rebels by declaring an exclusion zone around Bougainville and blockading all supplies to the island .
the government maintained pressure on the rebels by declaring an [ban] zone around bougainville and blockading all supplies to the island .

The practice of local politics in the rural or suburban areas around metropolitan Britain is essentially the politics of exclusion .
the practice of local politics in the rural or suburban areas around metropolitan britain is essentially the politics of [ban] .

The relationship between volenti and exclusion clauses
the relationship between volenti and [ban] clauses

In cases where volenti is based on agreement , that agreement may amount to an exclusion clause .
in cases where volenti is based on agreement , that agreement may amount to an [ban] clause .

( c ) Exclusion Section 2(1) states : An occupier of premises owes the same duty , the " common duty of care " to all his visitors , except in so far as he is free to and does extend , restrict , modify or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .
( c ) [ban] section 2(1) states : an occupier of premises owes the same duty , the " common duty of care " to all his visitors , except in so far as he is free to and does extend , restrict , modify or exclude his duty to any visitor or visitors by agreement or otherwise .

The Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 , s. 2 ( 3 ) will prevent any claim that Alan 's awareness of the attempted exclusion rendered him volens to the risk .
the unfair contract terms act 1977 , s. 2 ( 3 ) will prevent any claim that alan 's awareness of the attempted [ban] rendered him volens to the risk .

The 1984 Act is silent on the question of exclusion , which means that any duty owed may or may not be excludable .
the 1984 act is silent on the question of [ban] , which means that any duty owed may or may not be excludable .

Further up the chain there may be an exclusion clause which would prevent any contract action .
further up the chain there may be an [ban] clause which would prevent any contract action .

But American aims went beyond the mere exclusion of Free France from this particular theatre of operations .
but american aims went beyond the mere [ban] of free france from this particular theatre of operations .

Exclusion from these conferences , and from various bilateral meetings among the leaders of the Big Three , was a source of considerable irritation to him .
[ban] from these conferences , and from various bilateral meetings among the leaders of the big three , was a source of considerable irritation to him .

How like a politician 's were his constant attempts to justify his own record ( for example , his decision to sign a pact with Stalin and to admit the `` separatists `` into his governments in the mid-1940s ) or to claim credit for `` successes `` ( such as the exclusion of the communist ministers in 1947 ) which belonged , in fact , to others .
how like a politician 's were his constant attempts to justify his own record ( for example , his decision to sign a pact with stalin and to admit the `` separatists `` into his governments in the mid-1940s ) or to claim credit for `` successes `` ( such as the [ban] of the communist ministers in 1947 ) which belonged , in fact , to others .

the General 's ) version of an intergovernmental , non-integrationist community was rejected by the Dutch and Belgian governments , because it conflicted with their integrationist ideals and because they objected to de Gaulle 's exclusion of Great Britain .
the general 's ) version of an intergovernmental , non-integrationist community was rejected by the dutch and belgian governments , because it conflicted with their integrationist ideals and because they objected to de gaulle 's [ban] of great britain .

The exclusion from patent of computer programs reflects international trends .
the [ban] from patent of computer programs reflects international trends .

The nature of the contract , contractual and tortious liabilities and the use of exclusion clauses will be considered .
the nature of the contract , contractual and tortious liabilities and the use of [ban] clauses will be considered .

There are other differences , for example , as regards the statutory controls over exclusion clauses .
there are other differences , for example , as regards the statutory controls over [ban] clauses .

Exemption clauses can be sub-divided into exclusion clauses and limitation clauses .
exemption clauses can be sub-divided into [ban] clauses and limitation clauses .

An exclusion clause gives the party relying on it total exemption for the breach whereas a limitation clause limits liability to a specified amount .
an [ban] clause gives the party relying on it total exemption for the breach whereas a limitation clause limits liability to a specified amount .

An example of an exclusion clause is where a supplier totally excludes his liability under the contract for late delivery if this is caused by circumstances beyond his control such as industrial action .
an example of an [ban] clause is where a supplier totally excludes his liability under the contract for late delivery if this is caused by circumstances beyond his control such as industrial action .

The courts developed techniques to limit the effects of exclusion clauses , including the interpretation of an ambiguous clause to the disadvantage of the party seeking to rely on it .
the courts developed techniques to limit the effects of [ban] clauses , including the interpretation of an ambiguous clause to the disadvantage of the party seeking to rely on it .

The defendants sought to rely on an exclusion clause which stated that liability for terms implied by statute was excluded ; one of these terms was that goods must comply with their description .
the defendants sought to rely on an [ban] clause which stated that liability for terms implied by statute was excluded ; one of these terms was that goods must comply with their description .

It was held that , because the car was referred to in the contract as a new car , this was an express term and since the exclusion clause sought to exclude liability for implied terms only , the defendants were liable .
it was held that , because the car was referred to in the contract as a new car , this was an express term and since the [ban] clause sought to exclude liability for implied terms only , the defendants were liable .

The exclusion clause was of no effect for this breach of an express term .
the [ban] clause was of no effect for this breach of an express term .

Section 3 of the Act prevents exclusion of liability arising from a breach of contract where the injured party deals as a consumer , or on the other 's written standard terms of contract .
section 3 of the act prevents [ban] of liability arising from a breach of contract where the injured party deals as a consumer , or on the other 's written standard terms of contract .

Before the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 came into force , the courts developed , somewhat erratically , the doctrine of `` fundamental breach `` as a way of curbing the worst excesses of exclusion clauses .
before the unfair contract terms act 1977 came into force , the courts developed , somewhat erratically , the doctrine of `` fundamental breach `` as a way of curbing the worst excesses of [ban] clauses .

It was held that it was not copra cake at all but a substance quite different to that contracted for and , because of this , the sellers could not rely on an exclusion clause purporting to exempt them from liability .
it was held that it was not copra cake at all but a substance quite different to that contracted for and , because of this , the sellers could not rely on an [ban] clause purporting to exempt them from liability .

Later , it was said that where there had been a fundamental breach of contract , that is , if one party fails to carry out his part of the bargain at all or attempts to render a performance totally different from that contemplated , then that party could not rely on an exclusion clause ( see Karsales ( Harrow ) Ltd. v Wallis [ 1956 ] ) .
later , it was said that where there had been a fundamental breach of contract , that is , if one party fails to carry out his part of the bargain at all or attempts to render a performance totally different from that contemplated , then that party could not rely on an [ban] clause ( see karsales ( harrow ) ltd. v wallis [ 1956 ] ) .

However , recently , the courts have taken a more laissez-faire attitude to exclusion clauses and fundamental breach on the basis that the parties should be free to agree that there should be no liability under the contract even for a fundamental breach , if that was their desire , see Photo Productions Ltd. v Securicor Transport Ltd. [ 1980 ] .
however , recently , the courts have taken a more laissez-faire attitude to [ban] clauses and fundamental breach on the basis that the parties should be free to agree that there should be no liability under the contract even for a fundamental breach , if that was their desire , see photo productions ltd. v securicor transport ltd. [ 1980 ] .

This case concerned the law before the implementation of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 , but the impact of this Act on exclusion clauses was in the minds of their lordships .
this case concerned the law before the implementation of the unfair contract terms act 1977 , but the impact of this act on [ban] clauses was in the minds of their lordships .

Nevertheless , the doctrine of fundamental breach may still have some utility when it comes to controlling exclusion clauses in contracts which do not come within the scope of the Unfair Contract Terms Act .
nevertheless , the doctrine of fundamental breach may still have some utility when it comes to controlling [ban] clauses in contracts which do not come within the scope of the unfair contract terms act .

This situation of mutual exclusion was found to be the case in a certain number of sentences in our corpus .
this situation of mutual [ban] was found to be the case in a certain number of sentences in our corpus .

There is a rigid exclusion of considerations of meaning as a method of defining classes .
there is a rigid [ban] of considerations of meaning as a method of defining classes .

In Remote People he dwelt on `` The Great Flea Scandal `` , the underwear of the Emperor 's European housekeeper and the remarks of an American professor during the coronation service to the exclusion of more significant observations .
in remote people he dwelt on `` the great flea scandal `` , the underwear of the emperor 's european housekeeper and the remarks of an american professor during the coronation service to the [ban] of more significant observations .

Should you use one to the exclusion of the others ?
should you use one to the [ban] of the others ?

In this poem , the poet attaches sublime importance to the creative powers of our subconscious , to the exclusion perhaps , of all the logical and reasonable attitudes and ideas that normal society tries to inflict on us .
in this poem , the poet attaches sublime importance to the creative powers of our subconscious , to the [ban] perhaps , of all the logical and reasonable attitudes and ideas that normal society tries to inflict on us .

After viability assessment using trypan blue exclusion , the total cell number was determined at 7 , 14 , and 21 days by counting at least three samples from each concentration using a haemocytometer .
after viability assessment using trypan blue [ban] , the total cell number was determined at 7 , 14 , and 21 days by counting at least three samples from each concentration using a haemocytometer .

The other major exclusion criteria were Crohn 's disease , pregnancy , or concomitant serious medical conditions .
the other major [ban] criteria were crohn 's disease , pregnancy , or concomitant serious medical conditions .

Trypan blue exclusion was consistently > 80 % .
trypan blue [ban] was consistently > 80 % .

Patient sex does not seem to be an independent variable and exclusion of women from the analysis did not affect the differences seen between the groups .
patient sex does not seem to be an independent variable and [ban] of women from the analysis did not affect the differences seen between the groups .

The viability of the injected leucocytes was estimated at 95 % using the standard trypan blue exclusion test .
the viability of the injected leucocytes was estimated at 95 % using the standard trypan blue [ban] test .

Exclusion criteria were as follows : ( 1 ) age under 18 or above 85 years ; ( 2 ) pregnancy ; ( 3 ) albuminuria greater than 500 mg per 24 hours ; ( 4 ) acute myocardial infarction in the three months before the study ; ( 5 ) a history of asthma or allergy to drugs .
[ban] criteria were as follows : ( 1 ) age under 18 or above 85 years ; ( 2 ) pregnancy ; ( 3 ) albuminuria greater than 500 mg per 24 hours ; ( 4 ) acute myocardial infarction in the three months before the study ; ( 5 ) a history of asthma or allergy to drugs .

Exclusion criteria were the presence of enteric infection on stool culture , inability to retain enemas for at least one hour , hypersensitivity to aminosalicylates , pregnancy or lactation , and use of steroid enemas in the previous two weeks .
[ban] criteria were the presence of enteric infection on stool culture , inability to retain enemas for at least one hour , hypersensitivity to aminosalicylates , pregnancy or lactation , and use of steroid enemas in the previous two weeks .

It has been claimed that food sensitivities occur often in Crohn 's disease and that exclusion of foodstuffs after treatment with elemental diet prolongs remission .
it has been claimed that food sensitivities occur often in crohn 's disease and that [ban] of foodstuffs after treatment with elemental diet prolongs remission .

Daily food reintroductions were successfully carried out in 64 patients with subsequent exclusion of suspect foods .
daily food reintroductions were successfully carried out in 64 patients with subsequent [ban] of suspect foods .

Three of these had recurrence of their disease despite being on exclusion diet ( milk , peanuts , and plums ) and rechallenge was inappropriate .
three of these had recurrence of their disease despite being on [ban] diet ( milk , peanuts , and plums ) and rechallenge was inappropriate .

Out of a group of 80 patients with Crohn 's disease treated with elemental diet 48 % were judged to be unsuitable for the food exclusion study .
out of a group of 80 patients with crohn 's disease treated with elemental diet 48 % were judged to be unsuitable for the food [ban] study .

There was only the occasional dramatic response to food exclusion , as shown by the patient with salicylate sensitivity and overall avoidance of suspect foods did not prolong remission .
there was only the occasional dramatic response to food [ban] , as shown by the patient with salicylate sensitivity and overall avoidance of suspect foods did not prolong remission .

Contrary to previous claims , when food related symptoms are identified after an exclusion diet , this does not seem to prolong remission in most patients .
contrary to previous claims , when food related symptoms are identified after an [ban] diet , this does not seem to prolong remission in most patients .

After exclusion of postoperative deaths the overall five year survival rate was 6.5 % .
after [ban] of postoperative deaths the overall five year survival rate was 6.5 % .

The qualitative variables were : sex , aetiology of cirrhosis ( alcholic or non-alcholic ) , activity of alcoholism ( active consumption at time zero , abstinence for at least one month or undetermined status ) , duration of liver disease from the initial diagnosis ( < two years , two to five years , > five years ) , degree of ascites ( absent , moderate , severe ) , degree of encephalopathy ( absent , moderate , coma ) a defined by Adam and Foley , extrahepatic infection ( pulmonary , urinary , or ascitic : present or not ) , previous non-surgical haemostatic procedures before admission if referred from other hospitals ( vasocactive drugs , tamponade ) yes or no , source of variceal bleeding : oesophageal , gastric type 1 , 2 , 3 or by exclusion of any other potential site of bleeding , activity of the bleeding : active ( spurting or oozing ) or recent ( platelet aggregate , adherent clot ) , staging of oesophageal varices ( 1 and 2 , 3 , 4 ) and presence of blood in the stomach ( yes or no ) .
the qualitative variables were : sex , aetiology of cirrhosis ( alcholic or non-alcholic ) , activity of alcoholism ( active consumption at time zero , abstinence for at least one month or undetermined status ) , duration of liver disease from the initial diagnosis ( < two years , two to five years , > five years ) , degree of ascites ( absent , moderate , severe ) , degree of encephalopathy ( absent , moderate , coma ) a defined by adam and foley , extrahepatic infection ( pulmonary , urinary , or ascitic : present or not ) , previous non-surgical haemostatic procedures before admission if referred from other hospitals ( vasocactive drugs , tamponade ) yes or no , source of variceal bleeding : oesophageal , gastric type 1 , 2 , 3 or by [ban] of any other potential site of bleeding , activity of the bleeding : active ( spurting or oozing ) or recent ( platelet aggregate , adherent clot ) , staging of oesophageal varices ( 1 and 2 , 3 , 4 ) and presence of blood in the stomach ( yes or no ) .

Aiming to identify the patients dying specifically from their liver disease and to avoid biases by time dependent variables ( blood transfusion requirements within the 72 hours ) , statistical analysis was performed on the 91 patients still alive after 72 hours and after exclusion of the patients dying from other causes than liver failure or exsanguination ( eight ) .
aiming to identify the patients dying specifically from their liver disease and to avoid biases by time dependent variables ( blood transfusion requirements within the 72 hours ) , statistical analysis was performed on the 91 patients still alive after 72 hours and after [ban] of the patients dying from other causes than liver failure or exsanguination ( eight ) .

Exclusion criteria included small bowel disease , severe fistulas , broad fissures , and/or epithelioid granulomas .
[ban] criteria included small bowel disease , severe fistulas , broad fissures , and/or epithelioid granulomas .

Furthermore , hypergastrinaemia after antrum exclusion or partial gastric corpectomy and exogenous hypergastrinaemia induced by continuous infusion of gastrin evoked proliferation of the enterochromaffin like cells in the rat stomach .
furthermore , hypergastrinaemia after antrum [ban] or partial gastric corpectomy and exogenous hypergastrinaemia induced by continuous infusion of gastrin evoked proliferation of the enterochromaffin like cells in the rat stomach .

The 1977–81 material is thought to be essentially complete , except for the exclusion of 12 % who had a previous history of malignancy or had undergone gastric surgery or who were given the drug for another diagnosis than a peptic ulcer related disease .
the 1977–81 material is thought to be essentially complete , except for the [ban] of 12 % who had a previous history of malignancy or had undergone gastric surgery or who were given the drug for another diagnosis than a peptic ulcer related disease .

The exclusion criteria for the selection of controls were constipation or other gastrointestinal problems .
the [ban] criteria for the selection of controls were constipation or other gastrointestinal problems .

He had already interviewed Norman Tebbit about his exclusion from the afternoon 's debate on Europe — ' ’ Diabolical liberty ’ , says Norman , in conference outrage ' — and tried unsuccessfully to have a word with Sir Charles Webb-Bowen .
he had already interviewed norman tebbit about his [ban] from the afternoon 's debate on europe — ' ’ diabolical liberty ’ , says norman , in conference outrage ' — and tried unsuccessfully to have a word with sir charles webb-bowen .

The riot , particularly the part the Young Conservatives had played , had occupied the media to the exclusion of everything else , save for Amaranth Wilikins 's ‘ exhibition ’ .
the riot , particularly the part the young conservatives had played , had occupied the media to the [ban] of everything else , save for amaranth wilikins 's ‘ exhibition ’ .

Meanwhile , in 1542–3 , her exclusion was by no means the only indication of the profound change taking place in the nature of political life .
meanwhile , in 1542–3 , her [ban] was by no means the only indication of the profound change taking place in the nature of political life .

By Pauli 's exclusion principle in quantum theory : No more than one electron in a given atom can have a given set of the four quantum numbers .
by pauli 's [ban] principle in quantum theory : no more than one electron in a given atom can have a given set of the four quantum numbers .

There was , it seems clear , much deliberate or subliminal exclusion of the treatment of the Jews from popular consciousness — a more or less studied lack of interest or cultivated disinterest , going hand in hand with an accentuated ‘ retreat into the private sphere ’ and increased self-centredness in difficult and worrying wartime conditions .
there was , it seems clear , much deliberate or subliminal [ban] of the treatment of the jews from popular consciousness — a more or less studied lack of interest or cultivated disinterest , going hand in hand with an accentuated ‘ retreat into the private sphere ’ and increased self-centredness in difficult and worrying wartime conditions .

Marcion 's principle of exclusion gave sharp impetus to the early church 's need to define which books did or did not rank as authoritative documents to which appeal could be made .
marcion 's principle of [ban] gave sharp impetus to the early church 's need to define which books did or did not rank as authoritative documents to which appeal could be made .

Bishop Rathier of Verona wrote in the 930s that the church was one in all its bishops ; that not Jerusalem , not Rome , not Alexandria , had received a special prerogative of rule to the exclusion of others ( he tucks Rome pointedly into the middle ) .
bishop rathier of verona wrote in the 930s that the church was one in all its bishops ; that not jerusalem , not rome , not alexandria , had received a special prerogative of rule to the [ban] of others ( he tucks rome pointedly into the middle ) .

It was the main reason the party stayed so long the creature of the Magic Circle and the explanation for the exclusion , time and again , of otherwise talented party-members who did n't happen to have the right pedigree .
it was the main reason the party stayed so long the creature of the magic circle and the explanation for the [ban] , time and again , of otherwise talented party-members who did n't happen to have the right pedigree .

Zuwaya found that those elements in their image which depended on solidarity among kinsmen — on the massing of cousins , on the exclusion of women — had rather more than an echo in the words of their head of state .
zuwaya found that those elements in their image which depended on solidarity among kinsmen — on the massing of cousins , on the [ban] of women — had rather more than an echo in the words of their head of state .

He said a letter sent to competitors informing them of the restriction and threatening possible exclusion of wheelchairs from future London marathons if the rule was not adhered to should not have been sent .
he said a letter sent to competitors informing them of the restriction and threatening possible [ban] of wheelchairs from future london marathons if the rule was not adhered to should not have been sent .

It is astonishing that he believes that the exclusion of London Scottish and London Irish from League One will raise English rugby standards .
it is astonishing that he believes that the [ban] of london scottish and london irish from league one will raise english rugby standards .

The adopter must fulfil one of the following requirements : be over 21 ; or be the parent of the adoptee , where the other natural parent is dead , or can not be found , or there is some other reason justifying the exclusion of the other natural parent .
the adopter must fulfil one of the following requirements : be over 21 ; or be the parent of the adoptee , where the other natural parent is dead , or can not be found , or there is some other reason justifying the [ban] of the other natural parent .

Take note , when we say ‘ pop ’ it 's to the exclusion of such rock-minded types who happen to occupy prominent positions in the pop charts .
take note , when we say ‘ pop ’ it 's to the [ban] of such rock-minded types who happen to occupy prominent positions in the pop charts .

Suriname 's president , Ramsewak Shankar , who was travelling with the colonel , was given a Dutch visa and protested at his countryman 's exclusion .
suriname 's president , ramsewak shankar , who was travelling with the colonel , was given a dutch visa and protested at his countryman 's [ban] .

Vladimir Chernousenko , the scientific director of the 20-mile exclusion zone around the reactor , claims that the number of immediate Chernobyl deaths — still officially listed as 31 — could in fact total as many as 7,000 .
vladimir chernousenko , the scientific director of the 20-mile [ban] zone around the reactor , claims that the number of immediate chernobyl deaths — still officially listed as 31 — could in fact total as many as 7,000 .

Opposition politicians gain popularity by demanding a bigger exclusion zone ( see map ) , lower levels of ‘ acceptable ’ radiation in food , air and water , and more compensations for Chernobyl 's victims .
opposition politicians gain popularity by demanding a bigger [ban] zone ( see map ) , lower levels of ‘ acceptable ’ radiation in food , air and water , and more compensations for chernobyl 's victims .

Mrs Cresson 's appointment is being taken as a shift to the left , particularly in view of the exclusion of seven of the centrist ministers , and as a shift towards protectionism , with the departure of Roger Fauroux , the old cabinet 's loudest free-trader .
mrs cresson 's appointment is being taken as a shift to the left , particularly in view of the [ban] of seven of the centrist ministers , and as a shift towards protectionism , with the departure of roger fauroux , the old cabinet 's loudest free-trader .

The ammonoids were derived from the nautiloids probably during the early Devonian , and from the Carboniferous until the Cretaceous are among the most abundant of fossil groups , in some rock types dominating to the exclusion of most other members of the fauna .
the ammonoids were derived from the nautiloids probably during the early devonian , and from the carboniferous until the cretaceous are among the most abundant of fossil groups , in some rock types dominating to the [ban] of most other members of the fauna .

The Germans have argued that these penalties should be economic sanctions against the offending member state , or even exclusion from the Community .
the germans have argued that these penalties should be economic sanctions against the offending member state , or even [ban] from the community .

The technical and professional activities of teaching staff are perceived to be so important that the task predominates to the subordination or exclusion of the process .
the technical and professional activities of teaching staff are perceived to be so important that the task predominates to the subordination or [ban] of the process .

There is an implicit expectation by teachers that the needs and rights of children are paramount — if necessary to the exclusion of their own .
there is an implicit expectation by teachers that the needs and rights of children are paramount — if necessary to the [ban] of their own .

An example of sexual selection emphasizing male-to-male exclusion ( intrasexual selection ) is provided by the antlers of deer .
an example of sexual selection emphasizing male-to-male [ban] ( intrasexual selection ) is provided by the antlers of deer .

There can be no exclusion zone around belief , whether it is put there by believers claiming special enlightenment or philosophers drawing the bounds to sense .
there can be no [ban] zone around belief , whether it is put there by believers claiming special enlightenment or philosophers drawing the bounds to sense .

That development entailed a recognition that the concentration upon language by the school of logical positivism , within which Ayer 's dismissal of religious belief emerged , might not so much show up the meaninglessness of theology as elicit its own particular logic Wittgenstein 's thought appears to show a progression from concentrating upon language in order to exclude certain forms of thought — as in Ayer 's exclusion of metaphysics — towards concentrating upon language in order to make sense of those different forms in a way that was sensitive to their particular nature .
that development entailed a recognition that the concentration upon language by the school of logical positivism , within which ayer 's dismissal of religious belief emerged , might not so much show up the meaninglessness of theology as elicit its own particular logic wittgenstein 's thought appears to show a progression from concentrating upon language in order to exclude certain forms of thought — as in ayer 's [ban] of metaphysics — towards concentrating upon language in order to make sense of those different forms in a way that was sensitive to their particular nature .

Judaism and Islam could be called polytheistic religions in the sense that they do contain traditions that represent Jews and Moslems as called upon to choose one of several gods and follow Him to the exclusion of others .
judaism and islam could be called polytheistic religions in the sense that they do contain traditions that represent jews and moslems as called upon to choose one of several gods and follow him to the [ban] of others .

Equally bad from the point of view of damp exclusion in the circumstance of a breach appearing in the roof surface , and even worse in terms of the restrictions it places on the opportunities for salvaging slates in any wholesale reconditioning of the roof covering , is the arrangement in which the slates are nailed directly to boarding , no fixing battens having been incorporated .
equally bad from the point of view of damp [ban] in the circumstance of a breach appearing in the roof surface , and even worse in terms of the restrictions it places on the opportunities for salvaging slates in any wholesale reconditioning of the roof covering , is the arrangement in which the slates are nailed directly to boarding , no fixing battens having been incorporated .

’ Such a frank exclusion from the domain of art is not a solitary instance .
’ such a frank [ban] from the domain of art is not a solitary instance .

Exclusion , though , is rather less general a problem than a low status for some categories of painting .
[ban] , though , is rather less general a problem than a low status for some categories of painting .

Although this exclusion of the junior consultant grades from private practice might well be unacceptable in this country , the Germans have recognized the usefulness of having the specialist readily available on the hospital site .
although this [ban] of the junior consultant grades from private practice might well be unacceptable in this country , the germans have recognized the usefulness of having the specialist readily available on the hospital site .

The main problems in making and storing silage are the exclusion of air during fermentation and holding the clamp together under the pressure that mounts up while it is being built .
the main problems in making and storing silage are the [ban] of air during fermentation and holding the clamp together under the pressure that mounts up while it is being built .

But exclusion of the mystical did not advance knowledge very far .
but [ban] of the mystical did not advance knowledge very far .

The difference being , of course , that in those days the phenomenon of semi-literacy did not exist and readers of Disraeli 's or Thackeray 's novels would neither mistake them for the real world , nor read them to the exclusion of all real political texts .
the difference being , of course , that in those days the phenomenon of semi-literacy did not exist and readers of disraeli 's or thackeray 's novels would neither mistake them for the real world , nor read them to the [ban] of all real political texts .

His protest was directed at the midsummer 's day four-mile ‘ exclusion zone ’ at Stonehenge , imposed by Salisbury District Council and confirmed by the Home Secretary .
his protest was directed at the midsummer 's day four-mile ‘ [ban] zone ’ at stonehenge , imposed by salisbury district council and confirmed by the home secretary .

Soutter , the fourth seed , thus beat the player who caused her exclusion from England 's world title-winning team , in a final that for the first time since 1979 contained neither of the Guernsey girls , Martine le Moignan and Lisa Opie .
soutter , the fourth seed , thus beat the player who caused her [ban] from england 's world title-winning team , in a final that for the first time since 1979 contained neither of the guernsey girls , martine le moignan and lisa opie .

But Carl Prean may not be accommodated on one issue , the exclusion of German Bundesliga results , which account for most of his successes .
but carl prean may not be accommodated on one issue , the [ban] of german bundesliga results , which account for most of his successes .

One change intended to improve standards at Henley is the exclusion of Olympic and international oarsmen from certain events intended for club crews .
one change intended to improve standards at henley is the [ban] of olympic and international oarsmen from certain events intended for club crews .

As for the National Union of Teachers , they rejected a motion at their annual conference calling for the exclusion of National Front members from school teaching .
as for the national union of teachers , they rejected a motion at their annual conference calling for the [ban] of national front members from school teaching .

Yet although Yakovlev was one of their kind , his factual findings show little sign of conscious or unconscious censorship or exclusion .
yet although yakovlev was one of their kind , his factual findings show little sign of conscious or unconscious censorship or [ban] .

Either way he or she returns to disturb the heterosexual norm , especially in its masculine form , and does so according to a psychic and/or social dynamic which is intrinsically perverse : deviance emerges from the terms of its exclusion , eventually undermining that of which it was initially an effect , and which depended upon its exclusion .
either way he or she returns to disturb the heterosexual norm , especially in its masculine form , and does so according to a psychic and/or social dynamic which is intrinsically perverse : deviance emerges from the terms of its [ban] , eventually undermining that of which it was initially an effect , and which depended upon its [ban] .

This suggests a second and related sense in which the psychoanalytic and the materialist perspectives converge : both suggest that identity — individual and cultural — involves a process of disavowal , exclusion , and negation .
this suggests a second and related sense in which the psychoanalytic and the materialist perspectives converge : both suggest that identity — individual and cultural — involves a process of disavowal , [ban] , and negation .

In their remarkable study , Stallybrass and White argue that ‘ the bourgeois subject continuously defined and re-defined itself through the exclusion of what it marked out as ‘ low ' ’ — as dirty , repulsive , noisy , contaminating .
in their remarkable study , stallybrass and white argue that ‘ the bourgeois subject continuously defined and re-defined itself through the [ban] of what it marked out as ‘ low ' ’ — as dirty , repulsive , noisy , contaminating .

Yet that very act of exclusion was constitutive of its identity .
yet that very act of [ban] was constitutive of its identity .

Inversion becomes a kind of transgressive mimesis : the subculture , even as it imitates , reproducing itself in terms of its exclusion , also demystifies , producing a knowledge of the dominant which excludes it , this being a knowledge which the dominant has to suppress in order to rule .
inversion becomes a kind of transgressive mimesis : the subculture , even as it imitates , reproducing itself in terms of its [ban] , also demystifies , producing a knowledge of the dominant which excludes it , this being a knowledge which the dominant has to suppress in order to rule .

For one thing , as Jardine points out , while on the one hand the shift of wealth to the mercantile classes was leading to the break-up of the dress code , and enabling the socially mobile to appropriate , for purposes of inclusion , what were supposed to be signs of their exclusion , it was also the case that those who had ‘ arrived ’ socially often wanted to enforce the code against those who had not .
for one thing , as jardine points out , while on the one hand the shift of wealth to the mercantile classes was leading to the break-up of the dress code , and enabling the socially mobile to appropriate , for purposes of inclusion , what were supposed to be signs of their [ban] , it was also the case that those who had ‘ arrived ’ socially often wanted to enforce the code against those who had not .

This inequality , argue Marx and Engels , implies a form of private property , because exclusion from the means of production ( private property ) and compulsion of the labour of others , are one and the same thing .
this inequality , argue marx and engels , implies a form of private property , because [ban] from the means of production ( private property ) and compulsion of the labour of others , are one and the same thing .

Petroleum wastes may be amenable to activated carbon adsorption if they are relatively small ; bulkier molecules , such as polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) , are difficult to treat by adsorption due to size exclusion from the adsorbent 's micropores .
petroleum wastes may be amenable to activated carbon adsorption if they are relatively small ; bulkier molecules , such as polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons ( pahs ) , are difficult to treat by adsorption due to size [ban] from the adsorbent 's micropores .

Local radio stations have been flooded with vitriolic complaints about Cummins 's exclusion , and the local press has strongly criticised the West Indian selectors .
local radio stations have been flooded with vitriolic complaints about cummins 's [ban] , and the local press has strongly criticised the west indian selectors .

Furthermore , they were pointing out that legalism and the exclusion of parents would have paradoxical consequences : the last-resort philosophy and pessimism about care could lead to reluctance to recognize the signs of abuse , which in turn — especially in a hard-pressed and under-resourced situation such as that faced by many inner-city authorities — could have fatal results .
furthermore , they were pointing out that legalism and the [ban] of parents would have paradoxical consequences : the last-resort philosophy and pessimism about care could lead to reluctance to recognize the signs of abuse , which in turn — especially in a hard-pressed and under-resourced situation such as that faced by many inner-city authorities — could have fatal results .

The questions Radway asks about the romance focus on form , to the exclusion of broader political questions .
the questions radway asks about the romance focus on form , to the [ban] of broader political questions .

In the existing law this is shown by the requirement of reasonable self-control , and by the ( probable ) exclusion of conduct known to be legally justified from the category of sufficient provocation .
in the existing law this is shown by the requirement of reasonable self-control , and by the ( probable ) [ban] of conduct known to be legally justified from the category of sufficient provocation .

This is not the place to embark upon detailed discussion of possible schemes for grading sexual assaults , but questions have been raised about the exclusion from the English offence of rape of oral and anal intercourse and penetration of the vagina by other objects .
this is not the place to embark upon detailed discussion of possible schemes for grading sexual assaults , but questions have been raised about the [ban] from the english offence of rape of oral and anal intercourse and penetration of the vagina by other objects .

There was none of the disappointment , none of the tragic pretence and exclusion that accompanied the reunion of Jacob and Esau .
there was none of the disappointment , none of the tragic pretence and [ban] that accompanied the reunion of jacob and esau .

In this book she shows how in the years of the establishment of the Christian Church , holiness came to be defined by the exclusion of the female , and a concept of purity which had its roots in the Old Testament was used to establish the priesthood as a wholly male structure .
in this book she shows how in the years of the establishment of the christian church , holiness came to be defined by the [ban] of the female , and a concept of purity which had its roots in the old testament was used to establish the priesthood as a wholly male structure .

Jewish men make themselves more holy by separating from Jewish women , both to avoid women 's impurity and to seek a holy space for prayer and relation to God , defined by the exclusion of the female .
jewish men make themselves more holy by separating from jewish women , both to avoid women 's impurity and to seek a holy space for prayer and relation to god , defined by the [ban] of the female .

The exclusion of women from this central moment in the history of the ‘ people ’ of Israel , when they are made God 's holy people , has caused great difficulty for Jewish religious feminists .
the [ban] of women from this central moment in the history of the ‘ people ’ of israel , when they are made god 's holy people , has caused great difficulty for jewish religious feminists .

Roman Catholicism preserves clear remnants of the medieval canonical teaching in its exclusion of women from the sanctuary as altar servers , or even as participants in the rite of footwashing .
roman catholicism preserves clear remnants of the medieval canonical teaching in its [ban] of women from the sanctuary as altar servers , or even as participants in the rite of footwashing .

This implication was later firmed up by the Sages of the Second Commonwealth to become a fully-fledged rabbinic declaration of exemption embracing nearly all of the positive commandments whose fulfilment depended upon a specific time of the day or year — an exemption which rapidly came to be viewed in terms of actual exclusion ( Kidd .
this implication was later firmed up by the sages of the second commonwealth to become a fully-fledged rabbinic declaration of exemption embracing nearly all of the positive commandments whose fulfilment depended upon a specific time of the day or year — an exemption which rapidly came to be viewed in terms of actual [ban] ( kidd .

Unlike the cultic inclusion of men through the blood of circumcision , the blood of the female cycle resulted in cultic exclusion for women .
unlike the cultic inclusion of men through the blood of circumcision , the blood of the female cycle resulted in cultic [ban] for women .

But poverty is also the direct result of a new historical disadvantage : the exclusion of older men and women from work .
but poverty is also the direct result of a new historical disadvantage : the [ban] of older men and women from work .

Breathing apparatus is intended for any situation where oxygen exclusion is a possibility or toxic gas levels exceed those which can be safely neutralised by masks .
breathing apparatus is intended for any situation where oxygen [ban] is a possibility or toxic gas levels exceed those which can be safely neutralised by masks .

The focus of this book is upon the social element , but not to the exclusion of the physical parameters .
the focus of this book is upon the social element , but not to the [ban] of the physical parameters .

There are also negative measures in the sense of restriction of land-uses , and exclusion of people and/or livestock from certain areas .
there are also negative measures in the sense of restriction of land-uses , and [ban] of people and/or livestock from certain areas .

Policy ‘ solutions ’ of this kind tended to favour erosion works ( often paid for by labour inputs on the part of farmers themselves ) , terracing , reafforestation and pasture closure , implemented by compulsory destocking or exclusion from certain vulnerable areas .
policy ‘ solutions ’ of this kind tended to favour erosion works ( often paid for by labour inputs on the part of farmers themselves ) , terracing , reafforestation and pasture closure , implemented by compulsory destocking or [ban] from certain vulnerable areas .

The article advocated a policy of economic autarchy , with the exclusion of foreign investment and legislation to ensure that ‘ gombeen capital ’ was invested in Ireland .
the article advocated a policy of economic autarchy , with the [ban] of foreign investment and legislation to ensure that ‘ gombeen capital ’ was invested in ireland .

The married family is , however , not the only kind of family in existence , and difficulties can arise when policies are based upon one image of the family to the exclusion of other types of family or living arrangement .
the married family is , however , not the only kind of family in existence , and difficulties can arise when policies are based upon one image of the family to the [ban] of other types of family or living arrangement .

With the South Africans due to be readmitted to the Barcelona Games , the irony of his exclusion is not lost on Plaatjes or his manager , Glenn Latimer , who believes the exile is unfair .
with the south africans due to be readmitted to the barcelona games , the irony of his [ban] is not lost on plaatjes or his manager , glenn latimer , who believes the exile is unfair .

like a child in a toyshop — so reluctant to choose one item to the exclusion of others that he ended up empty-handed .
like a child in a toyshop — so reluctant to choose one item to the [ban] of others that he ended up empty-handed .

The sense of betrayal has been deepened by London 's refusal to acknowledge any moral responsibility to provide general refuge ; instead , it has claimed that domestic political considerations demand the exclusion of potentially millions of Chinese immigrants .
the sense of betrayal has been deepened by london 's refusal to acknowledge any moral responsibility to provide general refuge ; instead , it has claimed that domestic political considerations demand the [ban] of potentially millions of chinese immigrants .

Dauberval 's exclusion from the Académie Royale ( later the Paris Opera ) was justified by those in charge because they felt his idea of making farmers , peasants and the like the heroes and heroines of his ballets was beneath the dignity of an opera house whose stage had hitherto been occupied with the deeds of noble heroes , heroines and courts .
dauberval 's [ban] from the académie royale ( later the paris opera ) was justified by those in charge because they felt his idea of making farmers , peasants and the like the heroes and heroines of his ballets was beneath the dignity of an opera house whose stage had hitherto been occupied with the deeds of noble heroes , heroines and courts .

Like the Race Relations Act 1976 it applies not only to discrimination in relation to admissions , but also to the benefits , facilities and services offered by the school and the arrangements for discipline , including exclusion from school .
like the race relations act 1976 it applies not only to discrimination in relation to admissions , but also to the benefits , facilities and services offered by the school and the arrangements for discipline , including [ban] from school .

Less severe forms of sanction include rebuke , withholding of praise and demanding repetition of work ; in more serious cases there may be referral to senior staff , detention , putting a pupil on report , writing to parents and calling them into school , referring the pupil to a special unit in the school and ultimately exclusion from school .
less severe forms of sanction include rebuke , withholding of praise and demanding repetition of work ; in more serious cases there may be referral to senior staff , detention , putting a pupil on report , writing to parents and calling them into school , referring the pupil to a special unit in the school and ultimately [ban] from school .

So far there have been very few legal challenges to disciplinary action falling short of exclusion , apart from those concerning the use of corporal punishment which is now banned in the state sector .
so far there have been very few legal challenges to disciplinary action falling short of [ban] , apart from those concerning the use of corporal punishment which is now banned in the state sector .

However , where exclusion from school is concerned it would be reasonable to suppose that parents are far more likely to question the decision in view of its implications .
however , where [ban] from school is concerned it would be reasonable to suppose that parents are far more likely to question the decision in view of its implications .

The establishment of relatively uniform statutory procedures is particularly important in view of the wide disparities between individual schools in their policies on the sanction of exclusion .
the establishment of relatively uniform statutory procedures is particularly important in view of the wide disparities between individual schools in their policies on the sanction of [ban] .

Exclusion of a pupil from school may be temporary ( either for a fixed or indeterminate period ) or permanent .
[ban] of a pupil from school may be temporary ( either for a fixed or indeterminate period ) or permanent .

In the survey of secondary schools by Her Majesty 's Inspectorate it was found that schools resorted to short- or longer-term exclusion of pupils ‘ only when absolutely necessary and then with reluctance ’ .
in the survey of secondary schools by her majesty 's inspectorate it was found that schools resorted to short- or longer-term [ban] of pupils ‘ only when absolutely necessary and then with reluctance ’ .

Research shows that there is considerable variation in what schools regard as sufficient ground for exclusion and in exclusion rates in different schools .
research shows that there is considerable variation in what schools regard as sufficient ground for [ban] and in [ban] rates in different schools .

Exclusion , which usually takes the initial form of suspension , is almost universally available for cases of severe disruption of lessons or verbal abuse of staff .
[ban] , which usually takes the initial form of suspension , is almost universally available for cases of severe disruption of lessons or verbal abuse of staff .

The head teacher is required to inform the parents of a pupil who is to be excluded ( or the pupil him/herself if aged at least 18 ) of the period of , and reasons for , the exclusion .
the head teacher is required to inform the parents of a pupil who is to be excluded ( or the pupil him/herself if aged at least 18 ) of the period of , and reasons for , the [ban] .

Reasons must also be given if the head teacher decides to make a temporary exclusion permanent .
reasons must also be given if the head teacher decides to make a temporary [ban] permanent .

If the pupil has not been excluded permanently , but his been excluded for an indefinite period , the governors can only order the head teacher to reinstate him/her if the aggregate period of exclusion would be more than five days in any term or if the pupil would miss an opportunity to take a public examination .
if the pupil has not been excluded permanently , but his been excluded for an indefinite period , the governors can only order the head teacher to reinstate him/her if the aggregate period of [ban] would be more than five days in any term or if the pupil would miss an opportunity to take a public examination .

Section 22 ( c ) of the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 , like section 17 ( c ) of the Race Relations Act 1976 ( above ) , outlaws discrimination in exclusion ‘ or other detriment ’ or in denial of access to benefits , facilities or services provided by the school .
section 22 ( c ) of the sex discrimination act 1975 , like section 17 ( c ) of the race relations act 1976 ( above ) , outlaws discrimination in [ban] ‘ or other detriment ’ or in denial of access to benefits , facilities or services provided by the school .

Girls are underrepresented in the exclusion statistics — which would imply that there is unlawful sex discrimination , until one takes account of the well-documented fact that the behaviour of girls and boys and girls at school differs .
girls are underrepresented in the [ban] statistics — which would imply that there is unlawful sex discrimination , until one takes account of the well-documented fact that the behaviour of girls and boys and girls at school differs .

To take one example , there is no provision for independent representation for pupils aged under 18 in respect of appeals concerning reinstatement following permanent exclusion .
to take one example , there is no provision for independent representation for pupils aged under 18 in respect of appeals concerning reinstatement following permanent [ban] .

This exclusion entailed that women writers would be less burdened by long-established literary models and possibly more disposed to develop their own forms and techniques .
this [ban] entailed that women writers would be less burdened by long-established literary models and possibly more disposed to develop their own forms and techniques .

Yet systematic exclusion of women from higher education can only be seen as having forced the great majority of capable women out of the intellectual mainstream .
yet systematic [ban] of women from higher education can only be seen as having forced the great majority of capable women out of the intellectual mainstream .

The general exclusion of agricultural labourers from education appears often as an issue in the literature of the eighteenth century especially after the success of Stephen Duck .
the general [ban] of agricultural labourers from education appears often as an issue in the literature of the eighteenth century especially after the success of stephen duck .

In his Dewey lectures Rawls regards the exclusion of beliefs about ideals of the good from the original position as part of an exclusion of all controversial information and forms of reasoning .
in his dewey lectures rawls regards the [ban] of beliefs about ideals of the good from the original position as part of an [ban] of all controversial information and forms of reasoning .

At his trial for this offence , he sought the exclusion of the evidence thereby obtained on the ground that he had been the victim of an entrapment .
at his trial for this offence , he sought the [ban] of the evidence thereby obtained on the ground that he had been the victim of an entrapment .

The exclusion of the courts It has been argued so far that the methods of control and accountability introduced by the 1985 Act leave much to be desired .
the [ban] of the courts it has been argued so far that the methods of control and accountability introduced by the 1985 act leave much to be desired .

As a result , Parliament may insert what is known as an exclusion or privative clause to achieve this result .
as a result , parliament may insert what is known as an [ban] or privative clause to achieve this result .

The leading case is Anisminic Ltd v. Foreign Compensation Commission , where the House of Lords held that the effect of an exclusion clause is only to prevent errors of law by a tribunal which are within its jurisdiction : the clause would not prevent the review of decisions outside jurisdiction .
the leading case is anisminic ltd v. foreign compensation commission , where the house of lords held that the effect of an [ban] clause is only to prevent errors of law by a tribunal which are within its jurisdiction : the clause would not prevent the review of decisions outside jurisdiction .

In fact , since Anisminic the courts have gone one step further and now presume that any error of law by an administrative tribunal is subject to review by the higher courts , even where there is an exclusion clause purporting to prevent such review .
in fact , since anisminic the courts have gone one step further and now presume that any error of law by an administrative tribunal is subject to review by the higher courts , even where there is an [ban] clause purporting to prevent such review .

Yet despite this trend away from leaving sole jurisdiction with administrative tribunals , the Interception of Communications Act 1985 not only contains an exclusion clause to prevent review of the decisions of the Tribunal , but it contains one of unprecedented scope .
yet despite this trend away from leaving sole jurisdiction with administrative tribunals , the interception of communications act 1985 not only contains an [ban] clause to prevent review of the decisions of the tribunal , but it contains one of unprecedented scope .

This exclusion does not apply to a prosecution for a breach of section 1 .
this [ban] does not apply to a prosecution for a breach of section 1 .

Lord Scarman 's report on the 1981 disorders highlighted the importance of unemployment , urban deprivation , racial disadvantage , relations between young blacks and the police , the decline of civic consent , and political exclusion as the key issues .
lord scarman 's report on the 1981 disorders highlighted the importance of unemployment , urban deprivation , racial disadvantage , relations between young blacks and the police , the decline of civic consent , and political [ban] as the key issues .

Townsend 's most important definition of poverty which emphasizes that lack of money leads to in inability to join in fully in social life , producing in exclusion of individuals and social groups from ordinary life , focuses crucially on the role of lack of participation and powerlessness in the social construction of the ‘ poor ’ .
townsend 's most important definition of poverty which emphasizes that lack of money leads to in inability to join in fully in social life , producing in [ban] of individuals and social groups from ordinary life , focuses crucially on the role of lack of participation and powerlessness in the social construction of the ‘ poor ’ .

Some features of public policy may add to this informal exclusion and outcast status by encouraging people to opt out completely even from formal status as a citizen , thus losing all civic rights .
some features of public policy may add to this informal [ban] and outcast status by encouraging people to opt out completely even from formal status as a citizen , thus losing all civic rights .

Although the Committee 's terms of reference excluded manual records , its Report makes clear that it could not justify on grounds of logic or justice the exclusion of manual records from any data protection legislation based upon general data protection principles .
although the committee 's terms of reference excluded manual records , its report makes clear that it could not justify on grounds of logic or justice the [ban] of manual records from any data protection legislation based upon general data protection principles .

During the early child-rearing years , women often need to exercise their mothering and loving capacities to the exclusion of other parts of themselves .
during the early child-rearing years , women often need to exercise their mothering and loving capacities to the [ban] of other parts of themselves .

But the burden of satisfying private sector returns on loans and investments will fall upon tenants , through increasing rental levels risking the exclusion of those most in need of social housing provision or at least further enmeshing them in the poverty trap .
but the burden of satisfying private sector returns on loans and investments will fall upon tenants , through increasing rental levels risking the [ban] of those most in need of social housing provision or at least further enmeshing them in the poverty trap .

The exclusion of school-leavers from the unemployment figures is a more contentious issue .
the [ban] of school-leavers from the unemployment figures is a more contentious issue .

However , the social security system has played a central role in these processes as an element of government economic management , particularly where it has been used to support employment policies aimed at the exclusion of increasing numbers of older people from the labour market .
however , the social security system has played a central role in these processes as an element of government economic management , particularly where it has been used to support employment policies aimed at the [ban] of increasing numbers of older people from the labour market .

This reliance on the state demonstrates the impact of exclusion from the labour market — only 9 per cent of the total income of older people comes from employment .
this reliance on the state demonstrates the impact of [ban] from the labour market — only 9 per cent of the total income of older people comes from employment .

Over and again , one hears the complaint that , for some tasks , insurers have exclusion clauses according to this or that age limit .
over and again , one hears the complaint that , for some tasks , insurers have [ban] clauses according to this or that age limit .

the exclusion of older people from screening and treatment programmes is not arbitrary ;
the [ban] of older people from screening and treatment programmes is not arbitrary ;

continued pressure on insurers to change their practice of imposing exclusion clauses on arbitrary age limits .
continued pressure on insurers to change their practice of imposing [ban] clauses on arbitrary age limits .

Between them , they monopolised the media to the virtual exclusion of any other viewpoint .
between them , they monopolised the media to the virtual [ban] of any other viewpoint .

An international perspective should remind British curriculum managers that , because of their present historical circumstances , they are preoccupied with ( a ) to the exclusion of ( b ) and ( c ) .
an international perspective should remind british curriculum managers that , because of their present historical circumstances , they are preoccupied with ( a ) to the [ban] of ( b ) and ( c ) .

This exclusion is designed to focus the Merger Regulation on operations bringing about a lasting change in the structure of the undertakings concerned .
this [ban] is designed to focus the merger regulation on operations bringing about a lasting change in the structure of the undertakings concerned .

Exclusion from the Regulation will , therefore , expose the parties to a merger to fines ; attack of the legal validity of the merger in the national courts ; and parallel national competition investigations .
[ban] from the regulation will , therefore , expose the parties to a merger to fines ; attack of the legal validity of the merger in the national courts ; and parallel national competition investigations .

The book also shows the extremely irritating parochialism of American textbooks in psychology , to wit an almost complete exclusion of papers and books not written in English .
the book also shows the extremely irritating parochialism of american textbooks in psychology , to wit an almost complete [ban] of papers and books not written in english .

Any sizable successful herbivorous group surely can not have been relying on one such geographically limited group of seed-plants to the exclusion of all others .
any sizable successful herbivorous group surely can not have been relying on one such geographically limited group of seed-plants to the [ban] of all others .

This would allow the Argentinians to stay well clear of the exclusion zone around the Falklands Islands while at the same time being able to attack ships anywhere inside it .
this would allow the argentinians to stay well clear of the [ban] zone around the falklands islands while at the same time being able to attack ships anywhere inside it .

The sphere is the configuration with minimum energy consistent with a fundamental ‘ exclusion principle ’ that states that each momentum state may contain at most two electrons .
the sphere is the configuration with minimum energy consistent with a fundamental ‘ [ban] principle ’ that states that each momentum state may contain at most two electrons .

The concept of the Created God completely rules out the exclusion from the Alternative Religion of any part whatsoever of humankind , whether it be by reason of race , colour , sex , or for any other reason at all which may create an identifiable group or individual .
the concept of the created god completely rules out the [ban] from the alternative religion of any part whatsoever of humankind , whether it be by reason of race , colour , sex , or for any other reason at all which may create an identifiable group or individual .

of another class ; there , further development takes place from the point of view of destruction , exclusion or , if you like , ‘ devouring ’ — here , from the point of view of ‘ getting along together ’ , ‘ re-educating ’ ‘ assimilating ’ and so on .
of another class ; there , further development takes place from the point of view of destruction , [ban] or , if you like , ‘ devouring ’ — here , from the point of view of ‘ getting along together ’ , ‘ re-educating ’ ‘ assimilating ’ and so on .

These should be avoided during the exclusion phase of the diet ( see pp 269–74 ) and then , if the eczema clears up , tested in the normal way during the reintroduction phase ( see pp 274–7 ) .
these should be avoided during the [ban] phase of the diet ( see pp 269–74 ) and then , if the eczema clears up , tested in the normal way during the reintroduction phase ( see pp 274–7 ) .

If there is no response to the exclusion phase , then cut out nuts , fish , wheat , tomatoes , lamb , peanuts and soya as well .
if there is no response to the [ban] phase , then cut out nuts , fish , wheat , tomatoes , lamb , peanuts and soya as well .

The first two training colleges also had schools for deaf children attached to them , and teachers ' certificates were awarded to students who taught on the oral system to the exclusion of any other method .
the first two training colleges also had schools for deaf children attached to them , and teachers ' certificates were awarded to students who taught on the oral system to the [ban] of any other method .

The irony of the News International judgment is that it should put an end also to the widespread exclusion of left-wing newspapers and magazines .
the irony of the news international judgment is that it should put an end also to the widespread [ban] of left-wing newspapers and magazines .

These men , either forgetting or not realising that work is but a component of life and not a reason for it , are likely to have spent too much time working , to the exclusion of family and leisure activities .
these men , either forgetting or not realising that work is but a component of life and not a reason for it , are likely to have spent too much time working , to the [ban] of family and leisure activities .

Previous generations were brought up in an age when it was thought not ‘ respectable ’ — especially for women — to enjoy sex ; and men and women over 50 or so were expected to be together ‘ for companionship ’ , to the exclusion of any sexual activity .
previous generations were brought up in an age when it was thought not ‘ respectable ’ — especially for women — to enjoy sex ; and men and women over 50 or so were expected to be together ‘ for companionship ’ , to the [ban] of any sexual activity .

Mr Strouthos can offer hope to the empty souls and draw his magic circle of exclusion where he wants and the rest of us are free to disbelieve in any or all of his wares .
mr strouthos can offer hope to the empty souls and draw his magic circle of [ban] where he wants and the rest of us are free to disbelieve in any or all of his wares .

However , where boundaries have not yet been defined it is important that decisions should ensure the exclusion of land which might be needed for development at some future date .
however , where boundaries have not yet been defined it is important that decisions should ensure the [ban] of land which might be needed for development at some future date .

Young children demonstrate this : their ability to concentrate entirely on what they are doing , admittedly for short periods of time , to the exclusion of everything else , gives them a particular capacity for enjoyment .
young children demonstrate this : their ability to concentrate entirely on what they are doing , admittedly for short periods of time , to the [ban] of everything else , gives them a particular capacity for enjoyment .

Finally , as Tomás Ybarra-Frausto explains , Chicano/a art reflects a “ continual effort toward developing an enhanced art of resistance—an art which is not a resistance to the materials and forms of art , but rather a resistance to entrenched social systems of power , exclusion and negation ” ( 1990 , 67 ) .
finally , as tomás ybarra-frausto explains , chicano/a art reflects a “ continual effort toward developing an enhanced art of resistance—an art which is not a resistance to the materials and forms of art , but rather a resistance to entrenched social systems of power , [ban] and negation ” ( 1990 , 67 ) .

It would protect not only racial minorities but also women , children born out of wedlock , aliens , and all groups that suffered the stigma of arbitrary social and legal exclusion .
it would protect not only racial minorities but also women , children born out of wedlock , aliens , and all groups that suffered the stigma of arbitrary social and legal [ban] .

The Immigration Law Project assists people at proceedings on naturalization , temporary protective status , family reunification and deportation and exclusion hearings .
the immigration law project assists people at proceedings on naturalization , temporary protective status , family reunification and deportation and [ban] hearings .

Rivara and colleagues in a survey of insurance commissioners found that 26 of 31 respondents indicated that intoxication at the time of injury allowed for exclusion of coverage.51 A review of state statutes , including those of the District of Columbia , revealed that 38 states have a provision that allows third-party payors to issue policies that deny payment for injuries sustained while intoxicated .
rivara and colleagues in a survey of insurance commissioners found that 26 of 31 respondents indicated that intoxication at the time of injury allowed for [ban] of coverage.51 a review of state statutes , including those of the district of columbia , revealed that 38 states have a provision that allows third-party payors to issue policies that deny payment for injuries sustained while intoxicated .

These aspects include exclusion and inclusion criteria , the specifics of the intervention ( i.e. , what , how , and by whom ) , and the specific outcomes to be measured .
these aspects include [ban] and inclusion criteria , the specifics of the intervention ( i.e. , what , how , and by whom ) , and the specific outcomes to be measured .

TAX EXPENDITURE -A revenue forgone attributable to a provision of the federal tax laws that allows a special exclusion , exemption , or deduction from gross income or provides a special credit , preferential tax rate , or deferral of tax liability .
tax expenditure -a revenue forgone attributable to a provision of the federal tax laws that allows a special [ban] , exemption , or deduction from gross income or provides a special credit , preferential tax rate , or deferral of tax liability .

However , as performance plans are compiled for higher organizational levels , the consolidation and possible exclusion of some goals and measures does not mean that those goals and measures are not important to guide the efforts of the lower levels and should still be monitored .
however , as performance plans are compiled for higher organizational levels , the consolidation and possible [ban] of some goals and measures does not mean that those goals and measures are not important to guide the efforts of the lower levels and should still be monitored .

Finally , in compliance with section 604 ( a ) ( 5 ) , the analysis describes the significant alternatives considered and rejected , including universal applicability to commercial mobile voice services , automatic exclusion of all rural cellular carriers , and a Commission-developed set of standards for implementation .
finally , in compliance with section 604 ( a ) ( 5 ) , the analysis describes the significant alternatives considered and rejected , including universal applicability to commercial mobile voice services , automatic [ban] of all rural cellular carriers , and a commission-developed set of standards for implementation .

Additional circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the exclusion of certain information in the report .
additional circumstances associated with public safety and security concerns could also justify the [ban] of certain information in the report .

The Leland Act amendments : ( 1 ) simplify the household definition ; ( 2 ) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center ; ( 3 ) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water ; ( 4 ) increase the fair market value exclusion of vehicles for determining a household 's resource limit ; ( 5 ) exclude certain General Assistance vendor payments ; ( 6 ) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents ; ( 7 ) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction ; ( 8 ) eliminate the current GAO/OGC-97-2 federally-imposed limit and require State agencies to establish a Statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the Food Stamp Employment and Training Program ; and ( 9 ) require proration of benefits only in the initial month of certification .
the leland act amendments : ( 1 ) simplify the household definition ; ( 2 ) establish eligibility for children who live with their food stamp eligible parents in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation center ; ( 3 ) exclude from resources the value of vehicles used to transport fuel or water ; ( 4 ) increase the fair market value [ban] of vehicles for determining a household 's resource limit ; ( 5 ) exclude certain general assistance vendor payments ; ( 6 ) exclude the earnings of elementary and secondary school students under age 22 who live with their parents ; ( 7 ) increase the maximum amount of the dependent care deduction ; ( 8 ) eliminate the current gao/ogc-97-2 federally-imposed limit and require state agencies to establish a statewide limit on the dependent care reimbursement paid to participants in the food stamp employment and training program ; and ( 9 ) require proration of benefits only in the initial month of certification .

Encourage home ownership Deductions for mortgage interest on homes $ 60,270 Deductions for State and local property taxes on homes $ 22,140 Exclusion of capital gains income from home sales $ 18,540 Encourage personal investment in postsecondary education HOPE scholarship tax credits for tuition payments for the first 2 years of college $ 4,210 Deductibility of student-loan interest $ 360 Exclusion of interest earned on U.S. Series EE savings bonds when used for qualified education expenses $ 10 Note : This table does not represent all federal tax provisions related to personal saving .
encourage home ownership deductions for mortgage interest on homes $ 60,270 deductions for state and local property taxes on homes $ 22,140 [ban] of capital gains income from home sales $ 18,540 encourage personal investment in postsecondary education hope scholarship tax credits for tuition payments for the first 2 years of college $ 4,210 deductibility of student-loan interest $ 360 [ban] of interest earned on u.s. series ee savings bonds when used for qualified education expenses $ 10 note : this table does not represent all federal tax provisions related to personal saving .

We upheld the law , reasoning that Congress had not discriminated against viewpoints on abortion , but had `` merely chosen to fund one activity to the exclusion of the other . ''
we upheld the law , reasoning that congress had not discriminated against viewpoints on abortion , but had `` merely chosen to fund one activity to the [ban] of the other . ''

The Court has found such programs unconstitutional only when the exclusion was `` aimed at the suppression of dangerous ideas . ''
the court has found such programs unconstitutional only when the [ban] was `` aimed at the suppression of dangerous ideas . ''

A second reason is that the exclusion of such concentrations usually results in a more powerful and appropriate statistical analysis .
a second reason is that the [ban] of such concentrations usually results in a more powerful and appropriate statistical analysis .

A second reason is that the exclusion of such concentrations usually results in a more powerful and appropriate statistical analysis .
a second reason is that the [ban] of such concentrations usually results in a more powerful and appropriate statistical analysis .

Exclusion criteria included pregnancy , unstable cardiopulmonary disease , airway cancers , and recent upper respiratory tract surgery .
[ban] criteria included pregnancy , unstable cardiopulmonary disease , airway cancers , and recent upper respiratory tract surgery .

Exclusion of drop-outs in an as-treated analysis did not alter conclusions ( single TI , median = 5 [ 4–9 ] wk , n = 18 ; repeated TI , median = 6 [ 4–8 ] wk , n = 16 ; p > 0.05 ) .
[ban] of drop-outs in an as-treated analysis did not alter conclusions ( single ti , median = 5 [ 4–9 ] wk , n = 18 ; repeated ti , median = 6 [ 4–8 ] wk , n = 16 ; p > 0.05 ) .

Following screening and exclusion of individuals with any clinical or laboratory abnormalities , participants were admitted to the General Clinical Research Center at the University of Pennsylvania for a 60 h stay .
following screening and [ban] of individuals with any clinical or laboratory abnormalities , participants were admitted to the general clinical research center at the university of pennsylvania for a 60 h stay .

Although refinements of Possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , etc .
although refinements of possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird [ban] experiments , etc .

Meanwhile , Jesse Jackson joined the legal challenge to the debate commission 's exclusion of Ross Perot , calling its behavior `` awfully close to corruption . ''
meanwhile , jesse jackson joined the legal challenge to the debate commission 's [ban] of ross perot , calling its behavior `` awfully close to corruption . ''

Beyond the Family 's jolly facade , ER endured a lifelong sense of exclusion that represented for her an ongoing humiliation regarding FDR 's domain .
beyond the family 's jolly facade , er endured a lifelong sense of [ban] that represented for her an ongoing humiliation regarding fdr 's domain .

His work appears to have survived , despite his exclusion from the Dictionary .
his work appears to have survived , despite his [ban] from the dictionary .

The indelible Chineseness of Chinese immigrants was the rationale for the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 .
the indelible chineseness of chinese immigrants was the rationale for the chinese [ban] act of 1882 .

I ca n't quite think that you are being serious when you assert that love and death and nature are themes germane to literature to the exclusion of the visual arts : There 's plenty of each big theme , I 'd have thought , in Titian , Rembrandt , Rubens , Picasso .
i ca n't quite think that you are being serious when you assert that love and death and nature are themes germane to literature to the [ban] of the visual arts : there 's plenty of each big theme , i 'd have thought , in titian , rembrandt , rubens , picasso .

He went on : `` Too often , my party has focused on the national economy , to the exclusion of all else -- speaking a sterile language of rates and numbers , of CBO this and GNP that .
he went on : `` too often , my party has focused on the national economy , to the [ban] of all else -- speaking a sterile language of rates and numbers , of cbo this and gnp that .

In other words , the questions he got from reporters focused on politics and positioning to the total exclusion of his actual policies and positions .
in other words , the questions he got from reporters focused on politics and positioning to the total [ban] of his actual policies and positions .

Any index is arbitrary in its inclusion and exclusion of names .
any index is arbitrary in its inclusion and [ban] of names .

In taking this position , Buckley ought to have noted the inconvenient fact that historically , running a Christian college ( which to Yale really meant a Protestant college ) meant excluding , to some extent , Catholics and Jews -- and that , a mere two or three years before publishing this book , he himself had encountered some evidence that systematic exclusion might still going on .
in taking this position , buckley ought to have noted the inconvenient fact that historically , running a christian college ( which to yale really meant a protestant college ) meant excluding , to some extent , catholics and jews -- and that , a mere two or three years before publishing this book , he himself had encountered some evidence that systematic [ban] might still going on .

If Irish-Americans tend to have a superficial understanding of their own history , and to focus on the positive aspects of their culture to the exclusion of less admirable parts , this only proves that they are human , and as prone to historical myopia as Anglophiles or Afrocentrists .
if irish-americans tend to have a superficial understanding of their own history , and to focus on the positive aspects of their culture to the [ban] of less admirable parts , this only proves that they are human , and as prone to historical myopia as anglophiles or afrocentrists .

In another editorial Sunday , the same newspaper reflected on the exclusion of Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams from the Nobel Peace Prize awarded to John Hume and David Trimble for their part in the Northern Ireland peace settlement .
in another editorial sunday , the same newspaper reflected on the [ban] of sinn fein leader gerry adams from the nobel peace prize awarded to john hume and david trimble for their part in the northern ireland peace settlement .

The implacable logic of the Top 40 format sadly demanded the exclusion of many fine entries premised on bestiality ( surely more generically rural than strictly Western ? )
the implacable logic of the top 40 format sadly demanded the [ban] of many fine entries premised on bestiality ( surely more generically rural than strictly western ? )

Critics decry the show for showcasing the old boys ( Cézanne , Picasso , Jasper Johns ) to the exclusion of women , minorities , and newer artists .
critics decry the show for showcasing the old boys ( cézanne , picasso , jasper johns ) to the [ban] of women , minorities , and newer artists .

Homosexuality ceased to be grounds for exclusion from the United States in 1991 , but since gay and lesbian couples can not legally marry in this country , there is currently no legal way for them to benefit from family-preference laws .
homosexuality ceased to be grounds for [ban] from the united states in 1991 , but since gay and lesbian couples can not legally marry in this country , there is currently no legal way for them to benefit from family-preference laws .

The subtlety of the direction is breathtaking , with three moments standing out for me : the bursts of color exploding onto the screen during the opera sequence ; the steadicam shot of Daniel Day Lewis entering the post-opera ball ( with Joanne Woodward 's sublime voice-over ) ; and my favorite , one quick external shot of Pfeiffer 's house , showing it seemingly in the middle of nowhere and saying more in a single shot about her social exclusion than other directors could achieve in three pages of dialogue .
the subtlety of the direction is breathtaking , with three moments standing out for me : the bursts of color exploding onto the screen during the opera sequence ; the steadicam shot of daniel day lewis entering the post-opera ball ( with joanne woodward 's sublime voice-over ) ; and my favorite , one quick external shot of pfeiffer 's house , showing it seemingly in the middle of nowhere and saying more in a single shot about her social [ban] than other directors could achieve in three pages of dialogue .

This interpretation of Close is reinforced by MoMA 's focus on his technical and formal innovations to the exclusion of his subject matter .
this interpretation of close is reinforced by moma 's focus on his technical and formal innovations to the [ban] of his subject matter .

He thinks the NEA should subsidize art that will enhance the `` robustness '' of the debate and should therefore prefer unorthodox art -- though only , of course , if it represents a viewpoint the endowment considers , by virtue of social need and a prior history of exclusion , worthy of its megaphone .
he thinks the nea should subsidize art that will enhance the `` robustness '' of the debate and should therefore prefer unorthodox art -- though only , of course , if it represents a viewpoint the endowment considers , by virtue of social need and a prior history of [ban] , worthy of its megaphone .

If this kind of tort remedy were to work effectively , it would , of necessity , deter some searches that are today conducted by errant cops who do not fear the occasional exclusion of illegally obtained evidence .
if this kind of tort remedy were to work effectively , it would , of necessity , deter some searches that are today conducted by errant cops who do not fear the occasional [ban] of illegally obtained evidence .

It was a foregone conclusion that when evolutionary psychology began to focus on genetic predispositions and majoritarian norms to the exclusion of everything else , some literalists would in fact forget everything else .
it was a foregone conclusion that when evolutionary psychology began to focus on genetic predispositions and majoritarian norms to the [ban] of everything else , some literalists would in fact forget everything else .

As with Louis Farrakhan 's Million Man March two years ago , feminists have assailed PK 's `` exclusion '' of women .
as with louis farrakhan 's million man march two years ago , feminists have assailed pk 's `` [ban] '' of women .

A 1995 assessment by the U.S. Navy supports the continued exclusion of women from serving on submarines .
a 1995 assessment by the u.s. navy supports the continued [ban] of women from serving on submarines .

Centuries of female exclusion from academia or civil engineering have n't rendered modern women unfit for those professions .
centuries of female [ban] from academia or civil engineering have n't rendered modern women unfit for those professions .

Spiegelman has not ruined the New York cartooning world , and his promotion of baby-boomer cronies to the exclusion of younger artists is no crime -- everybody tries to give their friends a hand .
spiegelman has not ruined the new york cartooning world , and his promotion of baby-boomer cronies to the [ban] of younger artists is no crime -- everybody tries to give their friends a hand .

The liberal El País reported that the country 's conservative president , José María Aznar , told Congress that Basque separatist political leaders `` are closer to the Europe of Kosovo , which represents exclusion and ethnic cleansing , than the Europe of the euro , which represents integration and pluralism . ''
the liberal el país reported that the country 's conservative president , josé maría aznar , told congress that basque separatist political leaders `` are closer to the europe of kosovo , which represents [ban] and ethnic cleansing , than the europe of the euro , which represents integration and pluralism . ''

An editorial in the right-wing ABC supported the invocation of Kosovo , damning the nationalists ' focus on `` ethnicity , linguistic imposition , collusion with ETA terrorism , dishonest rewriting of history , and social exclusion . ''
an editorial in the right-wing abc supported the invocation of kosovo , damning the nationalists ' focus on `` ethnicity , linguistic imposition , collusion with eta terrorism , dishonest rewriting of history , and social [ban] . ''

Clinton also reduced the income-tax exclusion for Social Security payments to retirees with incomes above $ 44,000 per couple ( $ 34,000 for individuals ) .
clinton also reduced the income-tax [ban] for social security payments to retirees with incomes above $ 44,000 per couple ( $ 34,000 for individuals ) .

It 's also highly selective , often preoccupying itself with one modish ethical issue to the exclusion of others that are equally serious .
it 's also highly selective , often preoccupying itself with one modish ethical issue to the [ban] of others that are equally serious .

In the 1992 campaign Clinton proposed not only higher rates on the rich and a new business tax to support worker training , but also augmented research and development credits , a long-term capital-gains exclusion , and various other bounties intended to support education and the environment .
in the 1992 campaign clinton proposed not only higher rates on the rich and a new business tax to support worker training , but also augmented research and development credits , a long-term capital-gains [ban] , and various other bounties intended to support education and the environment .

It errs on the side of exclusion , and was especially thorough at preventing even the results of Web searches that included inappropriate URLs .
it errs on the side of [ban] , and was especially thorough at preventing even the results of web searches that included inappropriate urls .

Industry consultant R.A. LaBudde argues that testing and exclusion of infected cattle is one possibility -- we already do it for a number of cattle-borne infections like brucellosis .
industry consultant r.a. labudde argues that testing and [ban] of infected cattle is one possibility -- we already do it for a number of cattle-borne infections like brucellosis .

Ski Association board Sunday rejected Mike Brown 's appeal of his exclusion from the U.S .
ski association board sunday rejected mike brown 's appeal of his [ban] from the u.s .

Just as speakers of British English are mistaken in their assumption that Americans never say railway but always railroad , Americans ( and others ) are mistaken if they believe that Briticisms are used by speakers in Great Britain to the exclusion of words used in , say , America .
just as speakers of british english are mistaken in their assumption that americans never say railway but always railroad , americans ( and others ) are mistaken if they believe that briticisms are used by speakers in great britain to the [ban] of words used in , say , america .

