Cannon , a powerful , conservative man , brought welcome support to the Smith-Colmer forces : as chairman of the Appropriations Committee , he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal pork-barrel projects .
cannon , a powerful , conservative man , brought welcome support to the smith-colmer forces : as chairman of the appropriations committee , he holds over each member the dreadful threat of [not including] this or that congressional district from federal pork-barrel projects .

What determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive In general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical .
what determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive in general , the means ( [not including] abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical .

In reply to a question of whether they now tax boats , airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles , nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not .
in reply to a question of whether they now tax boats , airplanes and other movable property [not including] automobiles , nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not .

It has been estimated that the value of boats in Rhode Island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars , excluding commercial boats .
it has been estimated that the value of boats in rhode island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars , [not including] commercial boats .

There are forty-seven special district governments in Rhode Island ( excluding two regional school districts , four housing authorities , and the Kent County Water Authority ) .
there are forty-seven special district governments in rhode island ( [not including] two regional school districts , four housing authorities , and the kent county water authority ) .

the causes of injuries and health hazards in Metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ;
the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines ( [not including] coal and lignite mines ) ; ;

the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ;
the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( [not including] coal and lignite mines ) ; ;

The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act .
the secretary of the interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a state ( [not including] any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this act .

The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act .
the secretary of the interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( [not including] coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this act .

New obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals $4,753 million , which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960 .
new obligational authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( [not including] amounts for related research and construction ) totals $4,753 million , which is $1,390 million below that enacted for 1960 .

On the other hand , the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960 .
on the other hand , the new authority of $3,825 million proposed for missile procurement ( [not including] research and construction ) in 1961 is $581 million higher than for 1960 .

The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks , or by the Government of the United States of America , as provided in the purchase authorizations .
the deposit of rupees to the account of the government of the united states of america in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the government of the united states of america ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that united states flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for united states dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( [not including] imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by united states banks , or by the government of the united states of america , as provided in the purchase authorizations .

set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic .
set production ( [not including] those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was curtailed after the usual vacation shutdowns in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic .

In contrast to the lower turnout of TV , total radio production increased from 15.4 million sets to 16.7 million ( excluding export ) .
in contrast to the lower turnout of tv , total radio production increased from 15.4 million sets to 16.7 million ( [not including] export ) .

In contrast , 20 of the 21 lines in the Completion Profile ( excluding center 5 for boys and 4 for girls ) are bunched and extend over a much shorter period , approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls .
in contrast , 20 of the 21 lines in the completion profile ( [not including] center 5 for boys and 4 for girls ) are bunched and extend over a much shorter period , approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls .

There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .
there are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of [not including] `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .

West Mercia 's Chief Constable is to ask Malvern Hills District Council to make an order excluding processions or convoys of travellers within a 4-mile radius of Castlemorton over the May Bank Holiday .
west mercia 's chief constable is to ask malvern hills district council to make an order [not including] processions or convoys of travellers within a 4-mile radius of castlemorton over the may bank holiday .

Excluding oil and gas , ‘ onshore ’ output fell 0.1 per cent in the fourth quarter , extending the recession to ten quarters from the peak in the second quarter of 1990 .
[not including] oil and gas , ‘ onshore ’ output fell 0.1 per cent in the fourth quarter , extending the recession to ten quarters from the peak in the second quarter of 1990 .

But output in the whole economy in the fourth quarter was still 0.1 per cent below the fourth quarter of 1991 , and excluding oil and gas it was 0.2 per cent lower .
but output in the whole economy in the fourth quarter was still 0.1 per cent below the fourth quarter of 1991 , and [not including] oil and gas it was 0.2 per cent lower .

The whole economy fell 4.0 per cent in eight quarters from the peak in the second quarter of 1990 , and is still 3.7 per cent below the peak , but the onshore economy excluding oil and gas has fallen 3.9 per cent over ten quarters , and the latest figure is the lowest yet .
the whole economy fell 4.0 per cent in eight quarters from the peak in the second quarter of 1990 , and is still 3.7 per cent below the peak , but the onshore economy [not including] oil and gas has fallen 3.9 per cent over ten quarters , and the latest figure is the lowest yet .

Even the cost of motoring fell , and the parallel drop in the underlying rate , excluding mortgage interest payments from 3.7 per cent to 3.2 per cent , was both welcome and unexpected .
even the cost of motoring fell , and the parallel drop in the underlying rate , [not including] mortgage interest payments from 3.7 per cent to 3.2 per cent , was both welcome and unexpected .

Over five years , an investment of £10 a month into a hypothetical fund based on the average performances of all the ethical/green funds listed would now be worth £822.32 which as the table on average sector performance shows , is the best performance of any sector bar Far East Excluding Japan and North America .
over five years , an investment of £10 a month into a hypothetical fund based on the average performances of all the ethical/green funds listed would now be worth £822.32 which as the table on average sector performance shows , is the best performance of any sector bar far east [not including] japan and north america .

Excluding the volatile transportation sector , bookings were up 0.7 per cent .
[not including] the volatile transportation sector , bookings were up 0.7 per cent .

‘ Excluding any political accident , the prospects for 1993 seem to be a repetition of the mediocre year in 1992 , ’ champagne producer , Claude Taittinger , said .
‘ [not including] any political accident , the prospects for 1993 seem to be a repetition of the mediocre year in 1992 , ’ champagne producer , claude taittinger , said .

The report shows that the number of finance staff ( excluding benefits administration ) is expected to rise by between 30 and 60 per cent in 1993-94 as the transition from poll tax to council tax takes place .
the report shows that the number of finance staff ( [not including] benefits administration ) is expected to rise by between 30 and 60 per cent in 1993-94 as the transition from poll tax to council tax takes place .

Analysis showed that employees in the public sector received on average six days more authorised absence ( excluding sickness ) than did those in the private sector .
analysis showed that employees in the public sector received on average six days more authorised absence ( [not including] sickness ) than did those in the private sector .

Excluding privatisation proceeds , the Government borrowed £5.8 billion , but its receipts included £404 million of proceeds from the last tranche of payments on the British Telecom share sale .
[not including] privatisation proceeds , the government borrowed £5.8 billion , but its receipts included £404 million of proceeds from the last tranche of payments on the british telecom share sale .

The underlying rate of inflation , excluding mortgage interest payments , rose from 3.2 per cent in January to 3.4 per cent in February .
the underlying rate of inflation , [not including] mortgage interest payments , rose from 3.2 per cent in january to 3.4 per cent in february .

Life business profits rose 11.8 per cent , excluding the exceptional profits , while the general business staged a big recovery , slashing a loss of £1.54 million to one of only £205,000 .
life business profits rose 11.8 per cent , [not including] the exceptional profits , while the general business staged a big recovery , slashing a loss of £1.54 million to one of only £205,000 .

In or out , the Government intends to ratify the treaty Major signed 14 months ago in the picturesque Dutch town , excluding the social chapter .
in or out , the government intends to ratify the treaty major signed 14 months ago in the picturesque dutch town , [not including] the social chapter .

The point , though Hurd did not put it this way , is that Labour 's amendment 27 , seeking to scupper Major 's triumph in excluding Britain from the social chapter , was a complete red herring .
the point , though hurd did not put it this way , is that labour 's amendment 27 , seeking to scupper major 's triumph in [not including] britain from the social chapter , was a complete red herring .

Excluding the losses and other one-off charges , profits rose to £97.9m from £92m .
[not including] the losses and other one-off charges , profits rose to £97.9m from £92m .

Britain 's economy , excluding oil and gas production , grew 0.7pc in the first three months of the year while the whole economy expanded by 0.3pc .
britain 's economy , [not including] oil and gas production , grew 0.7pc in the first three months of the year while the whole economy expanded by 0.3pc .

Midweek Volunteering , Mon-Fri of any week excluding Bank Holidays , pick-up-point for Belfast at 9.15am in the city centre , Housing Executive Building , Adelaide Street .
midweek volunteering , mon-fri of any week [not including] bank holidays , pick-up-point for belfast at 9.15am in the city centre , housing executive building , adelaide street .

The painstaking restoration of the 125-year-old spire cost £150,000 and building a new church in the next 18 months will total £1.2m , excluding fees .
the painstaking restoration of the 125-year-old spire cost £150,000 and building a new church in the next 18 months will total £1.2m , [not including] fees .

Excluding bank holiday Mondays
[not including] bank holiday mondays

excluding bank holiday Mondays
[not including] bank holiday mondays

excluding bank holiday Mondays and Christmas Day
[not including] bank holiday mondays and christmas day

‘ The organisers the Cleveland Community Care Forum was accused of becoming bureaucratic and excluding the people it aimed to represent , ’ she said .
‘ the organisers the cleveland community care forum was accused of becoming bureaucratic and [not including] the people it aimed to represent , ’ she said .

But express instructions were given yesterday excluding the press .
but express instructions were given yesterday [not including] the press .

So you 're excluding it from your warranty and saying ‘ do n't bother us , go back to the trader ’ .
so you 're [not including] it from your warranty and saying ‘ do n't bother us , go back to the trader ’ .

Assuming : ( a ) that all three measures are calculated accurately ; ( b ) that only final goods and services are counted in the national product and national expenditure figures ; ( c ) that any changes in unsold stocks are included in the national expenditure figures ; and ( d ) that all incomes , including profits but excluding transfer payments , are counted in the national income figures , then it must follow that all three measures will provide an identical figure for the value of the country 's total output . That is ,
assuming : ( a ) that all three measures are calculated accurately ; ( b ) that only final goods and services are counted in the national product and national expenditure figures ; ( c ) that any changes in unsold stocks are included in the national expenditure figures ; and ( d ) that all incomes , including profits but [not including] transfer payments , are counted in the national income figures , then it must follow that all three measures will provide an identical figure for the value of the country 's total output . that is ,

) Excluding Gibson and Fender , which guitar company do you feel has had the most impact on the guitar industry in the last decade , and why ?
) [not including] gibson and fender , which guitar company do you feel has had the most impact on the guitar industry in the last decade , and why ?

The trip must be taken between 1st January–30th June 1993 , excluding 1st–8th April .
the trip must be taken between 1st january–30th june 1993 , [not including] 1st–8th april .

Excluding the batteries , all components are mounted on a piece of 0.1in .
[not including] the batteries , all components are mounted on a piece of 0.1in .

Victoria Wine 's Post Haste delivery service despatches wine or spirits for £5.99 , excluding bottle price .
victoria wine 's post haste delivery service despatches wine or spirits for £5.99 , [not including] bottle price .

The emerging consensus is that one serious crime in three ( excluding burglary and car theft ) is reported to the police .
the emerging consensus is that one serious crime in three ( [not including] burglary and car theft ) is reported to the police .

The majority of people accept this because the state , by excluding these killings from the murder category , has signified its intention that we should not treat them as capital offenders .
the majority of people accept this because the state , by [not including] these killings from the murder category , has signified its intention that we should not treat them as capital offenders .

It might be wondered why much corporate crime is dealt with by administrative agencies rather than criminal courts , but that does not justify excluding corporate acts regulated by administrative agencies from the study of corporate crime .
it might be wondered why much corporate crime is dealt with by administrative agencies rather than criminal courts , but that does not justify [not including] corporate acts regulated by administrative agencies from the study of corporate crime .

So , excluding Tyson , who are Suster 's best nine ?
so , [not including] tyson , who are suster 's best nine ?

Both lists were formed from the Medical Research Council Psycholinguistic Database ( Wilson , 1987 ) by excluding repetitions , rare usages , plurals and derived forms .
both lists were formed from the medical research council psycholinguistic database ( wilson , 1987 ) by [not including] repetitions , rare usages , plurals and derived forms .

( Utility charges , but usually excluding telephone costs , are generally paid . )
( utility charges , but usually [not including] telephone costs , are generally paid . )

It was these implications of the greater clarity introduced by the Geneva Protocols on the prohibition of indiscriminate weapons that led the British government , in addition to its general reservation excluding their applicability to nuclear weapons , to formulate further specific reservations in respect of what may constitute a military objective . As part of the clarification of the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks , Article 52 of the First Geneva Protocol provided :
it was these implications of the greater clarity introduced by the geneva protocols on the prohibition of indiscriminate weapons that led the british government , in addition to its general reservation [not including] their applicability to nuclear weapons , to formulate further specific reservations in respect of what may constitute a military objective . as part of the clarification of the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks , article 52 of the first geneva protocol provided :

However , the justification for excluding such background policy issues from the jurisdiction of the courts would appear to rest on two grounds , both of which may be open to question in the light of the foregoing analysis .
however , the justification for [not including] such background policy issues from the jurisdiction of the courts would appear to rest on two grounds , both of which may be open to question in the light of the foregoing analysis .

This brings us on to the second of Dworkin 's grounds for excluding such background policy issues from the jurisdiction of the courts , for if no one has a right to any particular form of decision-making process — whether a right to a hearing itself , a right to cross-examine witnesses or to be given reasons for a decision -this can only be because such a right can not be derived from the master principle of equal concern and respect .
this brings us on to the second of dworkin 's grounds for [not including] such background policy issues from the jurisdiction of the courts , for if no one has a right to any particular form of decision-making process — whether a right to a hearing itself , a right to cross-examine witnesses or to be given reasons for a decision -this can only be because such a right can not be derived from the master principle of equal concern and respect .

In one respect , Bradlaugh 's suit against Gossett , the Serjeant at Arms , for excluding him by order of the House , is still important .
in one respect , bradlaugh 's suit against gossett , the serjeant at arms , for [not including] him by order of the house , is still important .

If environmental improvements were to be sought outside the centre , they would have to be achieved through restraining the car , not excluding it .
if environmental improvements were to be sought outside the centre , they would have to be achieved through restraining the car , not [not including] it .

Among writers alone — and even excluding those discussed in the present volume — he concludes that all of the following were either schizophrenic or suffered from an affective psychosis : Strindberg , Baudelaire , Kant , Swift , Shelley , Johnson , Hölderlin , Donizetti , Conrad , Kafka , Coleridge , Schopenhauer , Barrie , Schiller , Crane , Chatterton , Rousseau , Tasso , Maupassant , Balzac , and Boswell .
among writers alone — and even [not including] those discussed in the present volume — he concludes that all of the following were either schizophrenic or suffered from an affective psychosis : strindberg , baudelaire , kant , swift , shelley , johnson , hölderlin , donizetti , conrad , kafka , coleridge , schopenhauer , barrie , schiller , crane , chatterton , rousseau , tasso , maupassant , balzac , and boswell .

Schools in mid , north east and north west Essex resort to excluding pupils far less than elsewhere in the county .
schools in mid , north east and north west essex resort to [not including] pupils far less than elsewhere in the county .

The economically fortunate , not excluding those who speak with greatest regret of the existence of this class , are heavily dependent on its presence .
the economically fortunate , not [not including] those who speak with greatest regret of the existence of this class , are heavily dependent on its presence .

This mutation takes two forms , which have little or nothing in common except the need or desire to control state policy : national separatism and national xenophobia , which means being against foreigners by setting up ‘ our ’ own state , and being against them by excluding them from ‘ our ’ already existing state .
this mutation takes two forms , which have little or nothing in common except the need or desire to control state policy : national separatism and national xenophobia , which means being against foreigners by setting up ‘ our ’ own state , and being against them by [not including] them from ‘ our ’ already existing state .

In 1940 , before the Germans began to apply pressure , the Vichy government implemented a series of laws to bar Jews from positions of influence , excluding them from the judiciary , the civil and military service , teaching , and the media .
in 1940 , before the germans began to apply pressure , the vichy government implemented a series of laws to bar jews from positions of influence , [not including] them from the judiciary , the civil and military service , teaching , and the media .

As Prime Minister and First Lord of the Treasury , he has yet to experience a single quarter 's growth in output ( excluding oil revenues ) , but nor will he accept any blame for the recession .
as prime minister and first lord of the treasury , he has yet to experience a single quarter 's growth in output ( [not including] oil revenues ) , but nor will he accept any blame for the recession .

Excluding the lay fraternities , 280 private chantries were set up in London during the fourteenth century , the heyday of the movement .
[not including] the lay fraternities , 280 private chantries were set up in london during the fourteenth century , the heyday of the movement .

They interpret his promotion of the Wasp aesthetic as excluding blacks and other minorities .
they interpret his promotion of the wasp aesthetic as [not including] blacks and other minorities .

Specifically , Sartre creates a single history by excluding all histories except that of the West ; his history as totalization can therefore only work through a determined ethnocentricity .
specifically , sartre creates a single history by [not including] all histories except that of the west ; his history as totalization can therefore only work through a determined ethnocentricity .

If Sartre 's endeavour to ground the Marxist science of history suggests that the Hegelian totality and continuum can only work by a continual labour of excluding the partial and discontinuous , Althusser 's effort to constitute a differentiated history shows that you can not do it without a teleology .
if sartre 's endeavour to ground the marxist science of history suggests that the hegelian totality and continuum can only work by a continual labour of [not including] the partial and discontinuous , althusser 's effort to constitute a differentiated history shows that you can not do it without a teleology .

Instead , therefore , of excluding history as has so often been claimed , such thinkers begin , in a rather more conventional way , from the anti-historicist perspectives of Althusser , even , arguably , of Sartre .
instead , therefore , of [not including] history as has so often been claimed , such thinkers begin , in a rather more conventional way , from the anti-historicist perspectives of althusser , even , arguably , of sartre .

The Articles of Government made under the 1986 Act gave to the governors of county and controlled schools the duty of devising arrangements for the appointment of staff , excluding head teachers and , in some authorities , deputy head teachers .
the articles of government made under the 1986 act gave to the governors of county and controlled schools the duty of devising arrangements for the appointment of staff , [not including] head teachers and , in some authorities , deputy head teachers .

In recent years , there have been several examples of governments excluding or controlling television cameras in order to control the ‘ flow of information ’ and so minimize the political impact of the medium .
in recent years , there have been several examples of governments [not including] or controlling television cameras in order to control the ‘ flow of information ’ and so minimize the political impact of the medium .

The maximum pension you are allowed is two-thirds of your final pay ( excluding state pension )
the maximum pension you are allowed is two-thirds of your final pay ( [not including] state pension )

While admittedly not actual taxation , many impose all sorts of conditions on foreigners , effectively excluding all but the super-rich .
while admittedly not actual taxation , many impose all sorts of conditions on foreigners , effectively [not including] all but the super-rich .

According to this source , and obviously excluding those firms who did not give a year of formation , only fifteen firms were established in the 1960s .
according to this source , and obviously [not including] those firms who did not give a year of formation , only fifteen firms were established in the 1960s .

It requires money to travel , and while in the '50s working class people could reach the hills with sufficient determination , the increasing fashionability of outdoor sports is excluding more and more who have less and less .
it requires money to travel , and while in the '50s working class people could reach the hills with sufficient determination , the increasing fashionability of outdoor sports is [not including] more and more who have less and less .

Family therapy Secondary onset day wetting ( excluding urinary tract infections ) is often due to emotional causes .
family therapy secondary onset day wetting ( [not including] urinary tract infections ) is often due to emotional causes .

Stocking levels are 1″ of fish ( excluding tail ) to 24″ surface area .
stocking levels are 1″ of fish ( [not including] tail ) to 24″ surface area .

Working on the coldwater calculation of 1″ of fish to every 24″ or surface area , your aquarium would support , excluding tail , 83″ of fish .
working on the coldwater calculation of 1″ of fish to every 24″ or surface area , your aquarium would support , [not including] tail , 83″ of fish .

All too often , linguists — not excluding feminist ones — seem to overlook the folklinguistic roots of their supposedly ‘ value-free ’ observations .
all too often , linguists — not [not including] feminist ones — seem to overlook the folklinguistic roots of their supposedly ‘ value-free ’ observations .

‘ We must strengthen our system of controlling entry and excluding people not entitled to be here , ’ said Home Secretary Kenneth Clarke .
‘ we must strengthen our system of controlling entry and [not including] people not entitled to be here , ’ said home secretary kenneth clarke .

Mr Lamont set an inflation target of between one and four per cent , excluding mortgage costs , with the aim to keep the figure at the lower end of the scale .
mr lamont set an inflation target of between one and four per cent , [not including] mortgage costs , with the aim to keep the figure at the lower end of the scale .

The effect of the first past the post electoral system exaggerated trends in regional voting patterns , leaving Labour with one seat only in each of the South East ( excluding Greater London ) , South West and East Anglia — out of 108 , 45 and 20 respectively .
the effect of the first past the post electoral system exaggerated trends in regional voting patterns , leaving labour with one seat only in each of the south east ( [not including] greater london ) , south west and east anglia — out of 108 , 45 and 20 respectively .

Constance could not get out of her mind the careless way Gioella had completely taken over Ludovico , excluding her as if she mattered not at all .
constance could not get out of her mind the careless way gioella had completely taken over ludovico , [not including] her as if she mattered not at all .

Name dropping , recalling credentials , using jargon , excluding others
name dropping , recalling credentials , using jargon , [not including] others

But he did not explain how a government excluding some of the world 's most powerful states could establish its authority — short of a new world war .
but he did not explain how a government [not including] some of the world 's most powerful states could establish its authority — short of a new world war .

Like a Samurai sword , ‘ mind ’ cuts through superfluous information , excluding all the sensations not immediately useful for the perceiver and focuses his/her attention on those that are .
like a samurai sword , ‘ mind ’ cuts through superfluous information , [not including] all the sensations not immediately useful for the perceiver and focuses his/her attention on those that are .

It must be admitted that in deliberately excluding considerations of principle we are crediting the traveller with a rather narrow kind of intelligence , acute though it may be .
it must be admitted that in deliberately [not including] considerations of principle we are crediting the traveller with a rather narrow kind of intelligence , acute though it may be .

The aggregate of called up share capital and all reserves , excluding minority interests .
the aggregate of called up share capital and all reserves , [not including] minority interests .

The aggregate of called up share capital and all reserves , excluding minority interests .
the aggregate of called up share capital and all reserves , [not including] minority interests .

Over the past four years the companies with the highest annual average growth in pre-tax profits per share ( excluding property and other capital items ) are Joseph Holt 17% , Morland 16% , Mansfield 16% , Adnams 14% , Hardys & Hansons 14% , Wolverhampton & Dudley 12% and Greenalls 11% .
over the past four years the companies with the highest annual average growth in pre-tax profits per share ( [not including] property and other capital items ) are joseph holt 17% , morland 16% , mansfield 16% , adnams 14% , hardys & hansons 14% , wolverhampton & dudley 12% and greenalls 11% .

Conditions to be met are that the employee must be enrolled for at least one academic year with actual full-time attendance to average at least 20 weeks a year , and the rate of payments ( excluding university fees etc payable ) must not exceed £7,000 a year or the equivalent monthly or weekly rate .
conditions to be met are that the employee must be enrolled for at least one academic year with actual full-time attendance to average at least 20 weeks a year , and the rate of payments ( [not including] university fees etc payable ) must not exceed £7,000 a year or the equivalent monthly or weekly rate .

In his Autumn Statement ( p 124 ) , the Chancellor of the Exchequer raised the first year capital allowance for plant and machinery ( excluding cars ) to 40 % for 12 months from 1 November 1992 and introduced an initial allowance of 20 % for industrial and agricultural buildings where contracts are placed before 31 October 1993 and they are brought into use before the end of 1994 .
in his autumn statement ( p 124 ) , the chancellor of the exchequer raised the first year capital allowance for plant and machinery ( [not including] cars ) to 40 % for 12 months from 1 november 1992 and introduced an initial allowance of 20 % for industrial and agricultural buildings where contracts are placed before 31 october 1993 and they are brought into use before the end of 1994 .

Worst hit was business lending ( excluding leasing ) which fell by 26 % during 1991 to £4.3bn .
worst hit was business lending ( [not including] leasing ) which fell by 26 % during 1991 to £4.3bn .

The accounting policy note on turnover adds : ‘ It is the opinion of the directors that excluding such sales from turnover would understate the group 's activities and as such would fail to give a true and fair view .
the accounting policy note on turnover adds : ‘ it is the opinion of the directors that [not including] such sales from turnover would understate the group 's activities and as such would fail to give a true and fair view .

The Agency would continue to encourage monthly direct debit payments from non-employed and self-employed contributors ( excluding share fishermen ) .
the agency would continue to encourage monthly direct debit payments from non-employed and self-employed contributors ( [not including] share fishermen ) .

The decision comes just two weeks after House of Fraser stores across Britain — excluding Harrods — gave in to Sunday trading .
the decision comes just two weeks after house of fraser stores across britain — [not including] harrods — gave in to sunday trading .

This does not mean that they must directly and uniquely derive from one particular model or method , excluding all others .
this does not mean that they must directly and uniquely derive from one particular model or method , [not including] all others .

But Levy admitted the case raised important issues about excluding a perpetrator from the family home .
but levy admitted the case raised important issues about [not including] a perpetrator from the family home .

‘ It may be that Parliament has to look at this issue of excluding people from property when they 've got property rights , ’ he said .
‘ it may be that parliament has to look at this issue of [not including] people from property when they 've got property rights , ’ he said .

Wnt-1 , a gene that encodes a signalling peptide , is expressed in the neural keel of zebrafish embryos at 14h of development , extending from the region of the presumptive epiphysis to the tail ( excluding the presumptive cerebellum ) , and in a transverse stripe in the posterior midbrain ( ref .
wnt-1 , a gene that encodes a signalling peptide , is expressed in the neural keel of zebrafish embryos at 14h of development , extending from the region of the presumptive epiphysis to the tail ( [not including] the presumptive cerebellum ) , and in a transverse stripe in the posterior midbrain ( ref .

Either way , inflation ( excluding mortgage interest payments ) looks sure to breach the government 's target of 1-4 % by the end of 1993 .
either way , inflation ( [not including] mortgage interest payments ) looks sure to breach the government 's target of 1-4 % by the end of 1993 .

Taiwan has seen its reserves ( excluding gold ) climb from $ 12 billion at the end of 1990 to $ 12 billion in December 1992 — the biggest stash of any country in the world .
taiwan has seen its reserves ( [not including] gold ) climb from $ 12 billion at the end of 1990 to $ 12 billion in december 1992 — the biggest stash of any country in the world .

The number of populars ( excluding the Daily Worker/Morning Star , which fitted easily into neither category ) was six in each year , but total circulation was down by nearly 10 per cent .
the number of populars ( [not including] the daily worker/morning star , which fitted easily into neither category ) was six in each year , but total circulation was down by nearly 10 per cent .

Taking a strict definition of a national paper ( that is to say , excluding the Guardian and Financial Times ) , twelve companies m- 1945 controlled between them nine dailies and eleven Sundays .
taking a strict definition of a national paper ( that is to say , [not including] the guardian and financial times ) , twelve companies m- 1945 controlled between them nine dailies and eleven sundays .

The vast majority of our land — mountains , moors , lakes and rivers — is owned by a handful of individuals , private and public companies , trusts and associations , most of whom seem hell bent if not on totally excluding , at least on severely restricting our freedom to roam .
the vast majority of our land — mountains , moors , lakes and rivers — is owned by a handful of individuals , private and public companies , trusts and associations , most of whom seem hell bent if not on totally [not including] , at least on severely restricting our freedom to roam .

Reasoning powers can deteriorate : people may begin to think irrationally ( and do so even though they know they are doing so ) ; they may begin to get paranoid , feeling that others are slyly poking fun at them , excluding them from discussions , or being condescending or patronizing .
reasoning powers can deteriorate : people may begin to think irrationally ( and do so even though they know they are doing so ) ; they may begin to get paranoid , feeling that others are slyly poking fun at them , [not including] them from discussions , or being condescending or patronizing .

Regarding acquisitions , the numbers of works acquired by purchase and donation ( including works on paper ) in each section of the collection between 1990 and 1992 are as follows : British collection , including prints and drawings , 105 ; modern collection , excluding prints , 170 ; modern prints , 313 ; artists ' archive , 55 .
regarding acquisitions , the numbers of works acquired by purchase and donation ( including works on paper ) in each section of the collection between 1990 and 1992 are as follows : british collection , including prints and drawings , 105 ; modern collection , [not including] prints , 170 ; modern prints , 313 ; artists ' archive , 55 .

It hated pretension , however , because it loved the life of mind ; and what Golding once called a ‘ blow for the ordinary universe , is a denial , often explicit , of a pre-war tradition of fiction composed for an intelligentsia and self-consciously excluding the vulgar appeals of fast-paced narrative and clarity of assertion .
it hated pretension , however , because it loved the life of mind ; and what golding once called a ‘ blow for the ordinary universe , is a denial , often explicit , of a pre-war tradition of fiction composed for an intelligentsia and self-consciously [not including] the vulgar appeals of fast-paced narrative and clarity of assertion .

If tolerance is essential to such fiction , then the novelist tolerates , even if he does not defend or excuse , much that is outside the range of other arts , not excluding affectation , pretension , self-contradiction and sin : ‘ among the Filthy , filthy ’ .
if tolerance is essential to such fiction , then the novelist tolerates , even if he does not defend or excuse , much that is outside the range of other arts , not [not including] affectation , pretension , self-contradiction and sin : ‘ among the filthy , filthy ’ .

Excluding its tail which is long , bare and rat-like , it measures 8–10 in ( 20–25 cm ) and weighs 2–3 lb ( 0.9–1.4 kg ) .
[not including] its tail which is long , bare and rat-like , it measures 8–10 in ( 20–25 cm ) and weighs 2–3 lb ( 0.9–1.4 kg ) .

Although these proportions changed subsequently , particularly among the 55–59 age group , after three years only one in four of the whole group ( excluding those who had retired at the normal pension ages ) were in work .
although these proportions changed subsequently , particularly among the 55–59 age group , after three years only one in four of the whole group ( [not including] those who had retired at the normal pension ages ) were in work .

This indicates that , excluding Wales , 76 per cent of ‘ new ’ petitions in 1814 were from places in the Midlands and East Anglia southwards .
this indicates that , [not including] wales , 76 per cent of ‘ new ’ petitions in 1814 were from places in the midlands and east anglia southwards .

Providing the length of your fish ( excluding tail ) do not add up to more than 36 inches , your aquarium is not overcrowded .
providing the length of your fish ( [not including] tail ) do not add up to more than 36 inches , your aquarium is not overcrowded .

Prices quoted are based on the exchange rate quoted on November 26th , 1992 , eg : with * One Star hotel £393 , excluding Airport Taxes and insurance .
prices quoted are based on the exchange rate quoted on november 26th , 1992 , eg : with * one star hotel £393 , [not including] airport taxes and insurance .

Making some allowance for this repeat-use factor with credit cards , and remembering that with retail credit there is often a deposit of up to one-fifth or one-third , it seems likely that credit now finances roughly one-third of total consumer spending ( excluding food , drink , housing and fuel ) .
making some allowance for this repeat-use factor with credit cards , and remembering that with retail credit there is often a deposit of up to one-fifth or one-third , it seems likely that credit now finances roughly one-third of total consumer spending ( [not including] food , drink , housing and fuel ) .

The cliff , excluding Bosigran Ridge beyond and Porthmoina Island below , is a little more complex and extensive than first appearances suggest .
the cliff , [not including] bosigran ridge beyond and porthmoina island below , is a little more complex and extensive than first appearances suggest .

with * One Star hotel £393 , excluding Airport taxes and insurance .
with * one star hotel £393 , [not including] airport taxes and insurance .

When applied to particular urban or rural situations it will reveal the dynamics which , while attracting some into the fellowship of the churches , are at the same time excluding others .
when applied to particular urban or rural situations it will reveal the dynamics which , while attracting some into the fellowship of the churches , are at the same time [not including] others .

In pleading , however , for home-grown evangelists we are not excluding the role of the itinerant evangelist .
in pleading , however , for home-grown evangelists we are not [not including] the role of the itinerant evangelist .

hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director
hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but [not including] private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director

hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director
hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but [not including] private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director

hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but excluding private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director
hotel accommodation if you are required to stay away from home , and including meals taken at the hotel , but [not including] private telephone calls and drinks beyond normal hospitality expected of a director

Even if it can be established beyond all reasonable doubt that certain cultural items were indeed originally developed in one place and thence diffused to another , by whatever means ( not excluding industrial espionage ) , this may have no relevance whatsoever to their significance in the new environment .
even if it can be established beyond all reasonable doubt that certain cultural items were indeed originally developed in one place and thence diffused to another , by whatever means ( not [not including] industrial espionage ) , this may have no relevance whatsoever to their significance in the new environment .

Multiple or recurrent bacterial infections ( any combination of > 2 within a two year period ) of the following types in a child < 13 years of age : septicaemia , pneumonia , meningitis , bone or joint infection , or abscess of an internal organ or body cavity ( excluding otitis media or superficial skin or mucosal abscesses ) , caused by Haemophilus , Streptococcus ( including pneumococcus ) , or other pyogenic bacteria .
multiple or recurrent bacterial infections ( any combination of > 2 within a two year period ) of the following types in a child < 13 years of age : septicaemia , pneumonia , meningitis , bone or joint infection , or abscess of an internal organ or body cavity ( [not including] otitis media or superficial skin or mucosal abscesses ) , caused by haemophilus , streptococcus ( including pneumococcus ) , or other pyogenic bacteria .

The constitution , after declaring that Spain no longer possessed an official religion , committed the Republic to recognizing freedom of worship , legalizing divorce , ending state support for the salaries of clergy , dissolving the Jesuit Order and nationalizing its property , and excluding other religious orders from participation in industry , commerce and education .
the constitution , after declaring that spain no longer possessed an official religion , committed the republic to recognizing freedom of worship , legalizing divorce , ending state support for the salaries of clergy , dissolving the jesuit order and nationalizing its property , and [not including] other religious orders from participation in industry , commerce and education .

The rebels controlled a broad band of northern and north-western Spain , extending eastwards into Aragon but excluding most of the north coast ; in addition they had triumphed in the Canaries , in Mallorca and Ibiza , in Spanish Morocco , and in pockets of Andalusia including four of its principal cities and the southernmost tip of the Spanish mainland between Cádiz and Algeciras .
the rebels controlled a broad band of northern and north-western spain , extending eastwards into aragon but [not including] most of the north coast ; in addition they had triumphed in the canaries , in mallorca and ibiza , in spanish morocco , and in pockets of andalusia including four of its principal cities and the southernmost tip of the spanish mainland between cádiz and algeciras .

The costing for any individual contract or development project could be analysed as follows : Profit or loss In the building industry the normal practice is to cost net excluding the majority of overheads unless they are site-related .
the costing for any individual contract or development project could be analysed as follows : profit or loss in the building industry the normal practice is to cost net [not including] the majority of overheads unless they are site-related .

Later , in June 1989 , it was reported that she was proposing to the Lord Chancellor that the Children Bill should reverse a decision which she and other members of the Court of Appeal had felt obliged to make excluding hearsay evidence .
later , in june 1989 , it was reported that she was proposing to the lord chancellor that the children bill should reverse a decision which she and other members of the court of appeal had felt obliged to make [not including] hearsay evidence .

They carried on with their plans , excluding her , and a weird loneliness hollowed her stomach with longing .
they carried on with their plans , [not including] her , and a weird loneliness hollowed her stomach with longing .

Excluding the Contact group , each of the three centres had user committees with written constitutions .
[not including] the contact group , each of the three centres had user committees with written constitutions .

Turner ( 1984 ) notes the hypocrisy of excluding disabled people from these professions , stating : ‘ How can we tell patients they can lead normal lives when we do n't allow their peers to become our colleagues ?
turner ( 1984 ) notes the hypocrisy of [not including] disabled people from these professions , stating : ‘ how can we tell patients they can lead normal lives when we do n't allow their peers to become our colleagues ?

These positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest : by introducing social welfare considerations as explicit decision-making criteria , or by excluding them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand , guided where necessary by external legal controls .
these positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest : by introducing social welfare considerations as explicit decision-making criteria , or by [not including] them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand , guided where necessary by external legal controls .

Having said this , and conscious of the arguments advanced in this Report against excluding non-believers , the Commission believes that the musical director needs to have some Christian commitment .
having said this , and conscious of the arguments advanced in this report against [not including] non-believers , the commission believes that the musical director needs to have some christian commitment .

In the South-East ( excluding London ) — one of the richest areas of the kingdom — Government data show that 73 per cent of households will be gainers under the new tax .
in the south-east ( [not including] london ) — one of the richest areas of the kingdom — government data show that 73 per cent of households will be gainers under the new tax .

More importantly , this interaction is now playing a crucial part in excluding the underclass from the mainstream of society .
more importantly , this interaction is now playing a crucial part in [not including] the underclass from the mainstream of society .

But this policy has been pursued along with changes that have allowed the very rich to increase still further their own wealth holdings , while simultaneously excluding the very poorest from this process .
but this policy has been pursued along with changes that have allowed the very rich to increase still further their own wealth holdings , while simultaneously [not including] the very poorest from this process .

Table 1.5 gives the figures for full-time , part-time and total degree enrolments in 11 subject groups between 1979–80 and 1986–87 , excluding the Open University where degree courses can not be grouped in this way because of the structure of foundation plus optional courses ( Open University 1989 ) .
table 1.5 gives the figures for full-time , part-time and total degree enrolments in 11 subject groups between 1979–80 and 1986–87 , [not including] the open university where degree courses can not be grouped in this way because of the structure of foundation plus optional courses ( open university 1989 ) .

If the premises are a fast-food outlet , the territory is delimited by limiting or excluding other outlets within a certain distance of those premises .
if the premises are a fast-food outlet , the territory is delimited by limiting or [not including] other outlets within a certain distance of those premises .

Excluding liability
[not including] liability

This contention is supported by Bird and Morgan-Jones ( 1981 , p. 92 ) , who state that ‘ as far as possible all SSAPs , excluding of course those not relevant , are intended to apply to all enterprises , including charities and other nonprofit organizations ’ and Hepworth and Vass ( 1984 , p. 43 ) , who believe in ‘ a common approach where there are common elements ’ .
this contention is supported by bird and morgan-jones ( 1981 , p. 92 ) , who state that ‘ as far as possible all ssaps , [not including] of course those not relevant , are intended to apply to all enterprises , including charities and other nonprofit organizations ’ and hepworth and vass ( 1984 , p. 43 ) , who believe in ‘ a common approach where there are common elements ’ .

This book reports the control of one such activity , namely pollution discharged directly to watercourses , excluding trade effluents which are disposed of to foul sewer for purification at sewage treatment works .
this book reports the control of one such activity , namely pollution discharged directly to watercourses , [not including] trade effluents which are disposed of to foul sewer for purification at sewage treatment works .

Excluding Roman towns , the earliest planned towns of England can be identified in late Saxon times .
[not including] roman towns , the earliest planned towns of england can be identified in late saxon times .

The reason for excluding the Schutzkorps from repatriation must have been that , although it included a number of Soviet citizens who had joined during the war , a large majority of its members had lived outside Russia since the Civil War and had become passport holders of other countries , mainly Yugoslavia .
the reason for [not including] the schutzkorps from repatriation must have been that , although it included a number of soviet citizens who had joined during the war , a large majority of its members had lived outside russia since the civil war and had become passport holders of other countries , mainly yugoslavia .

Disclose interest or similar charges on : all bank loans and overdrafts , and other loans wholly repayable within five years ( excluding loans from group undertakings ) and all other loans ( excluding loans from group undertakings ) .
disclose interest or similar charges on : all bank loans and overdrafts , and other loans wholly repayable within five years ( [not including] loans from group undertakings ) and all other loans ( [not including] loans from group undertakings ) .

whether the subsidiary undertaking is included in the consolidation and , if not , give reasons for excluding it from consolidation
whether the subsidiary undertaking is included in the consolidation and , if not , give reasons for [not including] it from consolidation

The monarchs were also the leaders of the society in their respective countries . In holding court they reinforced a traditional hierarchy and determined its order by giving titles and decorations and by receiving or excluding people according to the standards of the crown …
the monarchs were also the leaders of the society in their respective countries . in holding court they reinforced a traditional hierarchy and determined its order by giving titles and decorations and by receiving or [not including] people according to the standards of the crown …

You fish from dusk to dawn ( or as long as you can last ) for three nights ( £180 , excluding accommodation ) .
you fish from dusk to dawn ( or as long as you can last ) for three nights ( £180 , [not including] accommodation ) .

Set in magnificent surroundings , the Tweed Valley Hotel in Peebleshire , Scotland offers six-day trout and salmon fishing courses in the autumn and spring ( £95 , excluding tackle hire and accommodation ) .
set in magnificent surroundings , the tweed valley hotel in peebleshire , scotland offers six-day trout and salmon fishing courses in the autumn and spring ( £95 , [not including] tackle hire and accommodation ) .

Rural Wales ( excluding the urbanized south and north-east ) provides a contrast with the Scottish Highlands , as here a large number of parishes were without any public transport at all .
rural wales ( [not including] the urbanized south and north-east ) provides a contrast with the scottish highlands , as here a large number of parishes were without any public transport at all .

On average , a small positive correlation between these variables was found , and ( excluding Garman and Klass ) this was significantly positive for over half of the 20 contracts .
on average , a small positive correlation between these variables was found , and ( [not including] garman and klass ) this was significantly positive for over half of the 20 contracts .

The very fact that it is difficult to find reasons either for including it or for excluding it tells us something about the peculiarly arbitrary process involved in categorizing policies as ‘ social ’ .
the very fact that it is difficult to find reasons either for including it or for [not including] it tells us something about the peculiarly arbitrary process involved in categorizing policies as ‘ social ’ .

Excluding the voluntary contribution element , the public money is raised by taxation and by contributions for specific services , by local rates and by charges for some services .
[not including] the voluntary contribution element , the public money is raised by taxation and by contributions for specific services , by local rates and by charges for some services .

This conclusion demands that the cause-effect relation between simple renal cysts and any symptoms be specifically proved , at least by excluding other possible causes through appropriate diagnostic procedures .
this conclusion demands that the cause-effect relation between simple renal cysts and any symptoms be specifically proved , at least by [not including] other possible causes through appropriate diagnostic procedures .

Group sales in the year ending 31st December 1992 increased by 40 % to £15.7 ( excluding intragroup trading and with only a five-month contribution from Bookpoint ) .
group sales in the year ending 31st december 1992 increased by 40 % to £15.7 ( [not including] intragroup trading and with only a five-month contribution from bookpoint ) .

At Bookpoint , operating profit for the five months from July , when it was acquired , amounted to £35,000 on sales revenue of £1.7m , excluding intragroup business .
at bookpoint , operating profit for the five months from july , when it was acquired , amounted to £35,000 on sales revenue of £1.7m , [not including] intragroup business .

An early study of the Camberwell Reception Centre ( now closed ) found that one third of the residents were suffering from a severe psychiatric disorder , excluding alcoholism .
an early study of the camberwell reception centre ( now closed ) found that one third of the residents were suffering from a severe psychiatric disorder , [not including] alcoholism .

The two samples did not differ in sex , age , employment status , proportion with a regular partner , source of referral , age at first drug misuse ( excluding cannabis , solvents , and alcohol ) , or age at first injecting ( among injectors ) .
the two samples did not differ in sex , age , employment status , proportion with a regular partner , source of referral , age at first drug misuse ( [not including] cannabis , solvents , and alcohol ) , or age at first injecting ( among injectors ) .

Obstruction covered all mechanical obstruction to the urinary tract , excluding prostatic disease .
obstruction covered all mechanical obstruction to the urinary tract , [not including] prostatic disease .

The testing also serves to select patients suitable for rehabilitation ( excluding those at extreme ends of the fitness spectrum ) and in itself forms an important aspect of rehabilitation .
the testing also serves to select patients suitable for rehabilitation ( [not including] those at extreme ends of the fitness spectrum ) and in itself forms an important aspect of rehabilitation .

Obviously excluding more severe cases results in bias because the remainder are less severe .
obviously [not including] more severe cases results in bias because the remainder are less severe .

Our observations about possible problems with using the contralateral ear as a control were made as a contribution to debate and were not used as a basis for excluding any studies from consideration or inclusion .
our observations about possible problems with using the contralateral ear as a control were made as a contribution to debate and were not used as a basis for [not including] any studies from consideration or inclusion .

c Models In social work day centres there is generally a policy of excluding behaviourally disturbed or severely disabled dementia sufferers , but of attempting complete integration of attenders .
c models in social work day centres there is generally a policy of [not including] behaviourally disturbed or severely disabled dementia sufferers , but of attempting complete integration of attenders .

staffing levels are double the norm — the major cost element — this allows a ratio of at least 1 care staff to 4 residents , excluding management and domestic staff .
staffing levels are double the norm — the major cost element — this allows a ratio of at least 1 care staff to 4 residents , [not including] management and domestic staff .

The vast majority of our land — mountains , moors , lakes and rivers — is owned by a handful of individuals , private and public companies , trusts and associations , most of whom seem hell bent if not on totally excluding , at least on severely restricting our freedom to roam .
the vast majority of our land — mountains , moors , lakes and rivers — is owned by a handful of individuals , private and public companies , trusts and associations , most of whom seem hell bent if not on totally [not including] , at least on severely restricting our freedom to roam .

Imaging has an important place in confirming or excluding pyloric stenosis in difficult cases .
imaging has an important place in confirming or [not including] pyloric stenosis in difficult cases .

After excluding children for whom data on the continuous variables were missing 5573 ( 63.3 % ) were available for analysis of respiratory illness by birth weight and duration of pregnancy .
after [not including] children for whom data on the continuous variables were missing 5573 ( 63.3 % ) were available for analysis of respiratory illness by birth weight and duration of pregnancy .

Patients requiring terminal care are already often cared for within hospices run by the private sector , so there would be no logic in excluding this group .
patients requiring terminal care are already often cared for within hospices run by the private sector , so there would be no logic in [not including] this group .

The figures are based on the number of people claiming state benefits because they are unemployed , thus excluding those people who are unemployed and yet not claiming such social-security or unemployment-benefit payments .
the figures are based on the number of people claiming state benefits because they are unemployed , thus [not including] those people who are unemployed and yet not claiming such social-security or unemployment-benefit payments .

‘ that on the evidence before the court the defendants have not satisfied the burden of proving on the balance of probabilities that [ the testator ] did truly have sufficient capacity to comprehend the extent of his property or the nature of the claims of those whom he was excluding .
‘ that on the evidence before the court the defendants have not satisfied the burden of proving on the balance of probabilities that [ the testator ] did truly have sufficient capacity to comprehend the extent of his property or the nature of the claims of those whom he was [not including] .

Moreover , in the present case , as Mr. Tecks submitted , the court is in my judgment entitled , in construing Schedule 4 to the Act of 1982 , which is dealing with jurisdictions within the United Kingdom , to take into account the fact that the United Kingdom has derogated from the Rome Convention by excluding article 10 ( 1 ) ( e ) from the law of the United Kingdom .
moreover , in the present case , as mr. tecks submitted , the court is in my judgment entitled , in construing schedule 4 to the act of 1982 , which is dealing with jurisdictions within the united kingdom , to take into account the fact that the united kingdom has derogated from the rome convention by [not including] article 10 ( 1 ) ( e ) from the law of the united kingdom .

‘ For the purposes of sections 60 , 61 and 62 of the Banking Act 1987 the definition of deposit in section 5 of that Act shall be treated as excluding any sum to which a person becomes entitled ( otherwise than by operation of law ) , or comes to be treated as entitled for the purposes of sections 58 and 60 of that Act , after a petition is presented by the winding up of the institution , or , in the case of an institution in respect of which such a petition has been presented before the date on which this Order comes into force , 30 July 1991 .
‘ for the purposes of sections 60 , 61 and 62 of the banking act 1987 the definition of deposit in section 5 of that act shall be treated as [not including] any sum to which a person becomes entitled ( otherwise than by operation of law ) , or comes to be treated as entitled for the purposes of sections 58 and 60 of that act , after a petition is presented by the winding up of the institution , or , in the case of an institution in respect of which such a petition has been presented before the date on which this order comes into force , 30 july 1991 .

Consequently , the residence requirement had the effect of excluding from the United Kingdom sea fishing industry the vast majority of Community citizens who were not resident in the United Kingdom .
consequently , the residence requirement had the effect of [not including] from the united kingdom sea fishing industry the vast majority of community citizens who were not resident in the united kingdom .

By a respondent 's notice dated 28 February 1992 the father contended that in the event of the appeal being allowed in part the order should be varied so that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing the costs incurred by the father in the family proceedings court and that sum to be calculated by a costs draftsman by reference to the Legal Aid in Family Proceedings ( Remuneration ) Regulations 1991 or alternatively , to an order that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing in relating to the proceedings below calculated in the same way but excluding all or part of the costs incurred on 27 and 28 January 1992 .
by a respondent 's notice dated 28 february 1992 the father contended that in the event of the appeal being allowed in part the order should be varied so that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing the costs incurred by the father in the family proceedings court and that sum to be calculated by a costs draftsman by reference to the legal aid in family proceedings ( remuneration ) regulations 1991 or alternatively , to an order that the local authority pay to the father a sum representing in relating to the proceedings below calculated in the same way but [not including] all or part of the costs incurred on 27 and 28 january 1992 .

‘ Subject to the provisions of this Ordinance , profits tax shall be charged for each year of assessment at the standard rate on every person carrying on a trade , profession or business in Hong Kong in respect of his assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong for that year from such trade , profession or business ( excluding profits arising from the sale of capital assets ) as ascertained in accordance with this Part .
‘ subject to the provisions of this ordinance , profits tax shall be charged for each year of assessment at the standard rate on every person carrying on a trade , profession or business in hong kong in respect of his assessable profits arising in or derived from hong kong for that year from such trade , profession or business ( [not including] profits arising from the sale of capital assets ) as ascertained in accordance with this part .

Excluding whales and hedgehogs , mammalian carnivores account for roughly two thirds of the top 10 British and world choices .
[not including] whales and hedgehogs , mammalian carnivores account for roughly two thirds of the top 10 british and world choices .

For the requirements excluding places at which meals are served or places at which alcoholic liquor is dispensed from being within the meaning of `` bar counter , `` see s.139 ( 2 ) ) .
for the requirements [not including] places at which meals are served or places at which alcoholic liquor is dispensed from being within the meaning of `` bar counter , `` see s.139 ( 2 ) ) .

But with respect to foreign economic policy ( excluding the issues of our membership of the European Economic Community ) and stabilisation policy the evidence for continuity is rather more plain than the evidence for discontinuity .
but with respect to foreign economic policy ( [not including] the issues of our membership of the european economic community ) and stabilisation policy the evidence for continuity is rather more plain than the evidence for discontinuity .

Tickets are £10 per night , excluding booking fee , from the Academy Box Office .
tickets are £10 per night , [not including] booking fee , from the academy box office .

‘ Apart from T'ai Cho there were eighteen men on the Project , excluding guards .
‘ apart from t'ai cho there were eighteen men on the project , [not including] guards .

When covering an overlap and return Divide the track length , excluding the amount needed to cover the overlap and return , by one less than the proposed number of pleats ( fig. 3b ) .
when covering an overlap and return divide the track length , [not including] the amount needed to cover the overlap and return , by one less than the proposed number of pleats ( fig. 3b ) .

Measure the track or pole length , excluding any finials .
measure the track or pole length , [not including] any finials .

Round off to the nearest full width , bearing in mind that although most headings are adjustable ( excluding pinch and cartridge tapes ) , by rounding down you risk the curtains looking skimped .
round off to the nearest full width , bearing in mind that although most headings are adjustable ( [not including] pinch and cartridge tapes ) , by rounding down you risk the curtains looking skimped .

If a thick , weighty hem is preferred , however , interlining can be cut to the exact size of the outer curtain , excluding the heading allowance , but you will need slightly more fabric to allow for a hem allowance .
if a thick , weighty hem is preferred , however , interlining can be cut to the exact size of the outer curtain , [not including] the heading allowance , but you will need slightly more fabric to allow for a hem allowance .

For a scalloped design , after deciding upon the number of scallops needed , divide the paper into the same number of equal sections , excluding the returns .
for a scalloped design , after deciding upon the number of scallops needed , divide the paper into the same number of equal sections , [not including] the returns .

Pin the sides of the lining to the blind , excluding the ends of the channels , then slipstitch ( fig 53 ) .
pin the sides of the lining to the blind , [not including] the ends of the channels , then slipstitch ( fig 53 ) .

Imagine , for example , the difficulties of community-wide planning on Merseyside where there were twenty-three local authorities ( excluding parishes ) .
imagine , for example , the difficulties of community-wide planning on merseyside where there were twenty-three local authorities ( [not including] parishes ) .

In 1966 two separate Royal Commissions were established to investigate local government in England ( excluding London ) and Scotland .
in 1966 two separate royal commissions were established to investigate local government in england ( [not including] london ) and scotland .

The feudal state achieved this by , amongst other things , stopping popular elections , protecting agricultural rents by excluding cheaper competition from overseas and maintaining punitive laws against theft of property .
the feudal state achieved this by , amongst other things , stopping popular elections , protecting agricultural rents by [not including] cheaper competition from overseas and maintaining punitive laws against theft of property .

But this explanation is achieved only at the cost of excluding a very wide range of other factors , and offers us no coherent , integrated answer to the question ‘ What causes the peasant to observe this ethic ?
but this explanation is achieved only at the cost of [not including] a very wide range of other factors , and offers us no coherent , integrated answer to the question ‘ what causes the peasant to observe this ethic ?

There is no wise use for wilderness , except to preserve it by excluding man altogether .
there is no wise use for wilderness , except to preserve it by [not including] man altogether .

From 1948 , when the Health Service began , to 1990 , current expenditure in real terms ( excluding price increases ) rose more than two and a half times .
from 1948 , when the health service began , to 1990 , current expenditure in real terms ( [not including] price increases ) rose more than two and a half times .

By 1962 , while trade with Asia reached 636 million rubles , and with Africa 265 million rubles , it was still only 96 million rubles with Latin America ( excluding Cuba ) ( Mirovaia ekonomika i mezhdunarodnye otnosheniia , no .
by 1962 , while trade with asia reached 636 million rubles , and with africa 265 million rubles , it was still only 96 million rubles with latin america ( [not including] cuba ) ( mirovaia ekonomika i mezhdunarodnye otnosheniia , no .

In 1987the Soviet Union exchanged 3,583.7 million rubles ' worth of goods with Asia ( excluding Vietnam , China , North Korea , Mongolia , Afghanistan and Japan ) , 1,399.8 million rubles ' worth with Africa and only 969.4 million rubles ' worth with Latin America ( Foreign Trade ( Moscow ) , no .
in 1987the soviet union exchanged 3,583.7 million rubles ' worth of goods with asia ( [not including] vietnam , china , north korea , mongolia , afghanistan and japan ) , 1,399.8 million rubles ' worth with africa and only 969.4 million rubles ' worth with latin america ( foreign trade ( moscow ) , no .

Critics of consultative committees dismiss them as ineffectual talking shops , dominated by the ‘ concerned and worthy ’ middle classes and excluding those members of dispossessed minorities on the receiving end of police policies ( Brogden et al .
critics of consultative committees dismiss them as ineffectual talking shops , dominated by the ‘ concerned and worthy ’ middle classes and [not including] those members of dispossessed minorities on the receiving end of police policies ( brogden et al .

There are between 50–60 different brands of gin — excluding ‘ own labels ’ — on sale in Britain , each with its own personality .
there are between 50–60 different brands of gin — [not including] ‘ own labels ’ — on sale in britain , each with its own personality .

The White Paper , while not excluding local authority provision , stresses the need for actively supporting the private and voluntary sectors : ‘ The statutory sector will continue to play an important role in backing up , developing and monitoring private and voluntary care facilities , and providing services where this remains the best way of meeting those needs .
the white paper , while not [not including] local authority provision , stresses the need for actively supporting the private and voluntary sectors : ‘ the statutory sector will continue to play an important role in backing up , developing and monitoring private and voluntary care facilities , and providing services where this remains the best way of meeting those needs .

Over that period the proportion of the British work-force falling below the Council of Europe 's minimum ‘ decency threshold ’ for wages increased from 36 per cent to 42.3 per cent … Around 8.8 million workers earned less , excluding overtime , than the Council of Europe level .
over that period the proportion of the british work-force falling below the council of europe 's minimum ‘ decency threshold ’ for wages increased from 36 per cent to 42.3 per cent … around 8.8 million workers earned less , [not including] overtime , than the council of europe level .

Spending by our 1989 clients is listed below for two week holidays , excluding gifts , but including all other things such as moped and car hire , food , drink and excursions . 80% spent between the limits below :
spending by our 1989 clients is listed below for two week holidays , [not including] gifts , but including all other things such as moped and car hire , food , drink and excursions . 80% spent between the limits below :

But in other west European countries a different conclusion is being drawn , namely that European political union , perhaps excluding Britain , is all the more important so as to provide a check on American behaviour , to avoid a unipolar world .
but in other west european countries a different conclusion is being drawn , namely that european political union , perhaps [not including] britain , is all the more important so as to provide a check on american behaviour , to avoid a unipolar world .

Just such a range is Rejuvenage , already available in this country , which aims to provide Retin-A users with a simple cleanse-tone-protect programme ; the range builds in a moderate sun protection factor while excluding any ingredients which might cause irritation to the highly sensitive skin .
just such a range is rejuvenage , already available in this country , which aims to provide retin-a users with a simple cleanse-tone-protect programme ; the range builds in a moderate sun protection factor while [not including] any ingredients which might cause irritation to the highly sensitive skin .

Awe gave way to a certain bleakness ; he felt the excluding quality of those eyes — they were never looking at him .
awe gave way to a certain bleakness ; he felt the [not including] quality of those eyes — they were never looking at him .

After this , employment levels improved in all regions , but despite the beginnings of ‘ regional policy ’ from 1934 ( McCrone , 1969 ) , employment change was more favourable to the ‘ South ’ than the ‘ North ’ in all years before 1973 except 1937 and 1939 ( Crouch , 1989 ; excluding the war years 1940–45 ) .
after this , employment levels improved in all regions , but despite the beginnings of ‘ regional policy ’ from 1934 ( mccrone , 1969 ) , employment change was more favourable to the ‘ south ’ than the ‘ north ’ in all years before 1973 except 1937 and 1939 ( crouch , 1989 ; [not including] the war years 1940–45 ) .

the height of a letter excluding the ascenders and descenders ; eg ‘ x ’ , which is also height of the main body .
the height of a letter [not including] the ascenders and descenders ; eg ‘ x ’ , which is also height of the main body .

in volume two of his Dictionary ( in spirit , if not literally , one of his few infringements of his principle of excluding living authors ) , it is couched in the Scriblerian tradition of ironic instruction in undesirable skills .
in volume two of his dictionary ( in spirit , if not literally , one of his few infringements of his principle of [not including] living authors ) , it is couched in the scriblerian tradition of ironic instruction in undesirable skills .

To single out such companies seems curious ; one would have thought that there is a stronger case for excluding unlimited companies which are authorised persons under the Financial Services Act .
to single out such companies seems curious ; one would have thought that there is a stronger case for [not including] unlimited companies which are authorised persons under the financial services act .

The police had been called to a youth club where they had been asked by one of the supervisors to assist in excluding trespassers before the evening 's festivities got under way .
the police had been called to a youth club where they had been asked by one of the supervisors to assist in [not including] trespassers before the evening 's festivities got under way .

Providing that the catfish is avoided , and no more than a total of 15 cm ( 6 in ) length fish is introduced for every 0.09 square metre ( square foot ) of the surface area of the water , excluding the marginal areas , then few problems should be encountered .
providing that the catfish is avoided , and no more than a total of 15 cm ( 6 in ) length fish is introduced for every 0.09 square metre ( square foot ) of the surface area of the water , [not including] the marginal areas , then few problems should be encountered .

Soviet leaders anticipated that the Brezhnev plan could stimulate interest among certain key Red Sea states for their own ‘ zone of peace ’ aimed at excluding the Western military presence .
soviet leaders anticipated that the brezhnev plan could stimulate interest among certain key red sea states for their own ‘ zone of peace ’ aimed at [not including] the western military presence .

Excluding the cold tundra , deserts range from 50 degrees North in Central Asia to within a few degrees of the equator in South America , with the result that temperature conditions vary considerably .
[not including] the cold tundra , deserts range from 50 degrees north in central asia to within a few degrees of the equator in south america , with the result that temperature conditions vary considerably .

excluding self-stimulation ) showed no clear effect of transfer .
[not including] self-stimulation ) showed no clear effect of transfer .

Excluding clients , but counting carers , the range of participants in assessments was from one to six , with two or three being the average number .
[not including] clients , but counting carers , the range of participants in assessments was from one to six , with two or three being the average number .

The sample was drawn from carers providing substantial amounts of help to a disabled adult living in the same household , excluding spouse carers and caring arising from a son or daughter born disabled .
the sample was drawn from carers providing substantial amounts of help to a disabled adult living in the same household , [not including] spouse carers and caring arising from a son or daughter born disabled .

The relaxation of the rule excluding parliamentary material as an aid to the construction of statutes deserves to be welcomed on the basis that the judiciary should not deny themselves whatever assistance may be derived from such material .
the relaxation of the rule [not including] parliamentary material as an aid to the construction of statutes deserves to be welcomed on the basis that the judiciary should not deny themselves whatever assistance may be derived from such material .

Most policies for tradesmen are subject to excesses [ excluding the employers ' liability section ] .
most policies for tradesmen are subject to excesses [ [not including] the employers ' liability section ] .

9.6 An employee who suffers damage or loss to personal effects , excluding motor vehicles , in the course of their employment will be eligible to claim compensation under the Regional Council 's approved scheme .
9.6 an employee who suffers damage or loss to personal effects , [not including] motor vehicles , in the course of their employment will be eligible to claim compensation under the regional council 's approved scheme .

Anyone taking a conventional holiday or a business trip of a commercial nature ( excluding manual work )
anyone taking a conventional holiday or a business trip of a commercial nature ( [not including] manual work )

The report estimated that its recommendations would require additional funding of between £8 million and £10 million , excluding the cost of additional farm support .
the report estimated that its recommendations would require additional funding of between £8 million and £10 million , [not including] the cost of additional farm support .

Credit for not more than 50% of the Certificate or Diploma programmes , excluding the case study and project can be achieved by accreditation of prior learning .
credit for not more than 50% of the certificate or diploma programmes , [not including] the case study and project can be achieved by accreditation of prior learning .

Here though , unless one wants to claim that context is whatever ( excluding semantics ) produces inferences , some characterization of context seems required .
here though , unless one wants to claim that context is whatever ( [not including] semantics ) produces inferences , some characterization of context seems required .

Europe ( excluding Ireland )
europe ( [not including] ireland )

The actual distribution of annual holidays , excluding the public holidays , is normally four weeks during the summer vacation , and five days at Christmas and five days at Easter , when the offices are closed .
the actual distribution of annual holidays , [not including] the public holidays , is normally four weeks during the summer vacation , and five days at christmas and five days at easter , when the offices are closed .

6.5 Within [ 15 ] working days after service of such notice ( excluding the day of service ) the Lease shall be completed and time shall be of the essence of this provision Advisable though this clause may be , the problem is that the agreement is liable to be brought to an end at the expiration of the notice , which could have dire consequences for a tenant who has expended a considerable sum of money on the tenant 's works but is for some reason unable to complete .
6.5 within [ 15 ] working days after service of such notice ( [not including] the day of service ) the lease shall be completed and time shall be of the essence of this provision advisable though this clause may be , the problem is that the agreement is liable to be brought to an end at the expiration of the notice , which could have dire consequences for a tenant who has expended a considerable sum of money on the tenant 's works but is for some reason unable to complete .

2.3 " Adjoining Property " means any neighbouring or adjoining land or premises ( excluding the remainder of the Centre ) in which the Landlord or a Group Company has a freehold or leasehold interest or in which during the Term the Landlord or a Group Company shall have acquired a freehold or leasehold interest There is no objection to this provided that the existence of any adjoining property does not have an adverse effect on the tenant 's contribution towards service charges or other costs referred to in the lease and the tenant should therefore be vigilant in this regard when amending the lease .
2.3 " adjoining property " means any neighbouring or adjoining land or premises ( [not including] the remainder of the centre ) in which the landlord or a group company has a freehold or leasehold interest or in which during the term the landlord or a group company shall have acquired a freehold or leasehold interest there is no objection to this provided that the existence of any adjoining property does not have an adverse effect on the tenant 's contribution towards service charges or other costs referred to in the lease and the tenant should therefore be vigilant in this regard when amending the lease .

5.2.1 all rates taxes assessments duties charges impositions and outgoings which are now or during the Term shall be charged assessed or imposed upon the Premises or upon the owner or occupier of them [ excluding any payable by the Landlord occasioned by receipt of the rents or by any disposition of dealing with or ownership of any interest reversionary to the interest created by this Lease ] [ and if the Landlord shall suffer any loss of rating relief which may be applicable to empty premises after the end of the Term by reason of such relief being allowed to the Tenant in respect of any period before the end of the Term to make good such loss to the Landlord ] and
5.2.1 all rates taxes assessments duties charges impositions and outgoings which are now or during the term shall be charged assessed or imposed upon the premises or upon the owner or occupier of them [ [not including] any payable by the landlord occasioned by receipt of the rents or by any disposition of dealing with or ownership of any interest reversionary to the interest created by this lease ] [ and if the landlord shall suffer any loss of rating relief which may be applicable to empty premises after the end of the term by reason of such relief being allowed to the tenant in respect of any period before the end of the term to make good such loss to the landlord ] and

The contract will therefore seek : 1 to define the client 's obligations and , so far as possible , to minimise them ; 2 to define the scope of the contract by defining which statements form part of it ; 3 to minimise the scope for variation of the contract duties , by defining the authority of the client 's representatives to make statements binding on it , or to vary the contract ; 4 to minimise the likelihood of the client being in breach of contract , by defining the client 's obligations in flexible terms : for instance , the quantity of goods to be delivered may be subject to tolerances ; or the contract may provide for the time for delivery to be extended in certain situations ; 5 to minimise the extent of the client 's liability for any breach it commits : for instance , by excluding liability for certain kinds of loss , or by placing a financial ceiling on liability ; 6 to define the obligations of the client 's trading partners ; 7 to define the consequences of non-performance by the client 's trading partners ; 8 to provide machinery to encourage prompt performance by the client 's trading partners : for instance , a seller may require interest on late payments , or offer discounts for early payment ; a buyer may contract for the right to withhold payment until satisfactory performance ; 9 to allow the client to use procedurally simple enforcement methods : for instance , terms of sale should be drafted so as to allow the seller to bring a liquidated claim for the price of the goods ; 10 to provide the client with security against non-performance by its trading partners : thus terms of sale are likely to seek to provide the seller with security against non-payment , for instance by means of a retention of title clause ; terms of purchase will seek to minimise the buyer 's exposure by allowing some or all of the price to be retained against satisfactory performance .
the contract will therefore seek : 1 to define the client 's obligations and , so far as possible , to minimise them ; 2 to define the scope of the contract by defining which statements form part of it ; 3 to minimise the scope for variation of the contract duties , by defining the authority of the client 's representatives to make statements binding on it , or to vary the contract ; 4 to minimise the likelihood of the client being in breach of contract , by defining the client 's obligations in flexible terms : for instance , the quantity of goods to be delivered may be subject to tolerances ; or the contract may provide for the time for delivery to be extended in certain situations ; 5 to minimise the extent of the client 's liability for any breach it commits : for instance , by [not including] liability for certain kinds of loss , or by placing a financial ceiling on liability ; 6 to define the obligations of the client 's trading partners ; 7 to define the consequences of non-performance by the client 's trading partners ; 8 to provide machinery to encourage prompt performance by the client 's trading partners : for instance , a seller may require interest on late payments , or offer discounts for early payment ; a buyer may contract for the right to withhold payment until satisfactory performance ; 9 to allow the client to use procedurally simple enforcement methods : for instance , terms of sale should be drafted so as to allow the seller to bring a liquidated claim for the price of the goods ; 10 to provide the client with security against non-performance by its trading partners : thus terms of sale are likely to seek to provide the seller with security against non-payment , for instance by means of a retention of title clause ; terms of purchase will seek to minimise the buyer 's exposure by allowing some or all of the price to be retained against satisfactory performance .

Section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : To the extent that this Part of this Act prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents — ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) excluding or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .
section 13 ( 1 ) provides that : to the extent that this part of this act prevents the exclusion or restriction of any liability it also prevents — ( a ) making the liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions ; ( b ) [not including] or restricting any right or remedy in respect of the liability , or subjecting a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any such right or remedy .

It may be possible to prevent employees misrepresenting the effect of the terms by including a specific provision excluding their authority to make representations about the meaning or effect of the terms .
it may be possible to prevent employees misrepresenting the effect of the terms by including a specific provision [not including] their authority to make representations about the meaning or effect of the terms .

2 Excluding and modifying liabilities
2 [not including] and modifying liabilities

Obligations can also be defined in negative terms , by excluding duties which would otherwise arise .
obligations can also be defined in negative terms , by [not including] duties which would otherwise arise .

The same result can also be achieved by excluding the circumstances which give rise to an implied term .
the same result can also be achieved by [not including] the circumstances which give rise to an implied term .

The court will be disclined to construe a clause as excluding liability for deliberate breaches of contract or so as to defeat the whole object of the contract .
the court will be disclined to construe a clause as [not including] liability for deliberate breaches of contract or so as to defeat the whole object of the contract .

There is one proviso : s6 applies to clauses excluding liability for breach of the implied terms in contracts for the sale of goods and applies to all contracts , including those not made in the course of a business .
there is one proviso : s6 applies to clauses [not including] liability for breach of the implied terms in contracts for the sale of goods and applies to all contracts , including those not made in the course of a business .

However , the ambit of the Act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the Act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) excluding the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .
however , the ambit of the act is extended by s13 which provides that to the extent that the act applies the exclusion or restriction of liability , it also applies to clauses which : ( a ) make " any liability or its enforcement subject to restrictive or onerous conditions " , such as time limit clauses requiring notification of claims , or commencement of proceedings , within a limited time ; ( b ) exclude or restrict " any right or remedy in respect of the liability " , such as clauses : ( i ) [not including] the right of a buyer to reject goods , terminate a contract or exercise a right of set-off , or ( ii ) requiring a customer to accept repair or replacement from the supplier ; ( c ) subject " a person to any prejudice in consequence of his pursuing any right or remedy " ; ( d ) exclude or restrict any rules of evidence or procedure , such as clauses : ( i ) making certificates of quality conclusive evidence that goods correspond with the contract , ( ii ) making one party 's record of a transaction conclusive evidence of the facts recorded , ( iii ) requiring certain evidence in order to obtain particular remedies — eg " no refunds without receipt " .

Schedule 2 , for example , lists a number of factors which the court is to take into account in assessing reasonableness under ss6 and 7 — ie in relation to clauses excluding liability for breach of the implied terms in contracts for the supply of goods .
schedule 2 , for example , lists a number of factors which the court is to take into account in assessing reasonableness under ss6 and 7 — ie in relation to clauses [not including] liability for breach of the implied terms in contracts for the supply of goods .

Any clause excluding or limiting contractual description will have to be construed in the light of the common law .
any clause [not including] or limiting contractual description will have to be construed in the light of the common law .

Beyond that , it is not clear whether any and , if so , what restrictions operate as a matter of fiduciary law to prevent firms from excluding or modifying their fiduciary duties , particular where no prior fiduciary relationship existed and the contract seeks to define the duties of the parties rather than explicitly exclude liability .
beyond that , it is not clear whether any and , if so , what restrictions operate as a matter of fiduciary law to prevent firms from [not including] or modifying their fiduciary duties , particular where no prior fiduciary relationship existed and the contract seeks to define the duties of the parties rather than explicitly exclude liability .

For example , a clause that states that the firm may act as principal or agent may be interpreted as defining the firm 's duties , excluding liability for breach of duty in the event that it should act as principal , or disclosing that it sometimes acts as principal .
for example , a clause that states that the firm may act as principal or agent may be interpreted as defining the firm 's duties , [not including] liability for breach of duty in the event that it should act as principal , or disclosing that it sometimes acts as principal .

Newspapers `` , under the 1952 Act , are defined as periodicals `` printed for sale `` at intervals not exceeding thirty-six days ( thereby including monthly magazines , but excluding free sheets ) ; `` broadcasts `` must be by wireless telegraphy and for general reception , but the Cable and Broadcasting Act expands this to include cable stations .
newspapers `` , under the 1952 act , are defined as periodicals `` printed for sale `` at intervals not exceeding thirty-six days ( thereby including monthly magazines , but [not including] free sheets ) ; `` broadcasts `` must be by wireless telegraphy and for general reception , but the cable and broadcasting act expands this to include cable stations .

Advertisement means any word , letter , model , sign , placard , board , notice , device or representation , whether illuminated or not , in the nature of , and employed wholly or partly for the purposes of , advertisement , announcement or direction ( excluding any such thing employed wholly as a memorial or as a railway signal ) , and … includes any hoarding or similar structure or any balloon used , or adapted for use , for the display of advertisements …
advertisement means any word , letter , model , sign , placard , board , notice , device or representation , whether illuminated or not , in the nature of , and employed wholly or partly for the purposes of , advertisement , announcement or direction ( [not including] any such thing employed wholly as a memorial or as a railway signal ) , and … includes any hoarding or similar structure or any balloon used , or adapted for use , for the display of advertisements …

One group of caravanners is particularly unpopular : gypsies , or , to give them a less romantic description , ‘ persons of nomadic life , whatever their race or origin ' ( but excluding ‘ members of an organised group of travelling showmen , or persons engaged in travelling circuses , travelling together as such ’ ) .
one group of caravanners is particularly unpopular : gypsies , or , to give them a less romantic description , ‘ persons of nomadic life , whatever their race or origin ' ( but [not including] ‘ members of an organised group of travelling showmen , or persons engaged in travelling circuses , travelling together as such ’ ) .

As a result landowners only ‘ owned ’ the existing use rights of their land and it thus followed , first , that if permission to develop was refused no compensation was payable , and , secondly , that the price paid to public authorities for the compulsory acquisition of land would be equal to the existing use value , that is , its value excluding any allowance for future development .
as a result landowners only ‘ owned ’ the existing use rights of their land and it thus followed , first , that if permission to develop was refused no compensation was payable , and , secondly , that the price paid to public authorities for the compulsory acquisition of land would be equal to the existing use value , that is , its value [not including] any allowance for future development .

Covering 509 hectares immediately to the east of the city centre , 56 hectares ( 11 per cent ) were found to be vacant ( excluding land in temporary use ) .
covering 509 hectares immediately to the east of the city centre , 56 hectares ( 11 per cent ) were found to be vacant ( [not including] land in temporary use ) .

The down side is that we probably have the toughest Xmas/New Year you could image ( excluding Crewe !
the down side is that we probably have the toughest xmas/new year you could image ( [not including] crewe !

One hundred and fourteen residents of the borough who were inpatients or out-patients at three local hospitals , thirty-four depressed women attending local GPs and a random sample ( excluding ethnic minorities ) of 458 women living in the community were interviewed .
one hundred and fourteen residents of the borough who were inpatients or out-patients at three local hospitals , thirty-four depressed women attending local gps and a random sample ( [not including] ethnic minorities ) of 458 women living in the community were interviewed .

This is a net surplus on all elements of the balance of payments ( current plus capital ) but excluding the reserves .
this is a net surplus on all elements of the balance of payments ( current plus capital ) but [not including] the reserves .

The majority of respondents disagreed with the application of a hardship test for the purpose of excluding all institutional and most corporate claims .
the majority of respondents disagreed with the application of a hardship test for the purpose of [not including] all institutional and most corporate claims .

Section 38 of the 1954 Act as amended by s 5 of the Law of Property Act , 1969 provides for application to the court for the court 's approval to an agreement excluding the provisions of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 .
section 38 of the 1954 act as amended by s 5 of the law of property act , 1969 provides for application to the court for the court 's approval to an agreement [not including] the provisions of the landlord and tenant act 1954 .

If a document other than originating process ( as to which , see below ) is sent by first class post , it is presumed to arrive on the second working day after posting ( working days being Monday to Friday and excluding Bank Holidays ) .
if a document other than originating process ( as to which , see below ) is sent by first class post , it is presumed to arrive on the second working day after posting ( working days being monday to friday and [not including] bank holidays ) .

If an order for provisional damages is made , the court will make an award of immediate damages excluding any for the risk that the plaintiff will develop the specified disease or suffer the specified deterioration .
if an order for provisional damages is made , the court will make an award of immediate damages [not including] any for the risk that the plaintiff will develop the specified disease or suffer the specified deterioration .

The situation where such clauses are most likely to be reasonable is one where prior negotiations have been complex , with many oral discussions and lots of paper work passing between the parties , so that it is equally to the advantage of both parties to create certainty by describing all of their rights and liabilities in one defined set of documents and excluding all extraneous issues .
the situation where such clauses are most likely to be reasonable is one where prior negotiations have been complex , with many oral discussions and lots of paper work passing between the parties , so that it is equally to the advantage of both parties to create certainty by describing all of their rights and liabilities in one defined set of documents and [not including] all extraneous issues .

Such clauses are of three main types : liquidated damages clauses , clauses excluding liability for pure economic loss , and clauses capping liability for the breach by reference to a monetary figure .
such clauses are of three main types : liquidated damages clauses , clauses [not including] liability for pure economic loss , and clauses capping liability for the breach by reference to a monetary figure .

Clauses which limit liability for a particular type of breach , by excluding any liability for pure economic loss , such as loss of profit or business , ( often loosely called consequential loss clauses ) should in most cases pass the test of reasonableness , whatever the cause of the breach , where the transaction is a non-consumer transaction .
clauses which limit liability for a particular type of breach , by [not including] any liability for pure economic loss , such as loss of profit or business , ( often loosely called consequential loss clauses ) should in most cases pass the test of reasonableness , whatever the cause of the breach , where the transaction is a non-consumer transaction .

Lastly , it should be said that the most common practice , because of the uncertainties surrounding the reasonableness of general exclusion clauses , is to include two general exclusion clauses covering liability for any breach of contract ( however caused and whatever its seriousness ) , one excluding liability for economic loss in respect of such breaches , and the other limiting liability by reference to a fixed amount for any one breach and/or for all breaches under the contract .
lastly , it should be said that the most common practice , because of the uncertainties surrounding the reasonableness of general exclusion clauses , is to include two general exclusion clauses covering liability for any breach of contract ( however caused and whatever its seriousness ) , one [not including] liability for economic loss in respect of such breaches , and the other limiting liability by reference to a fixed amount for any one breach and/or for all breaches under the contract .

In most cases , where the guarantee is a reasonable one both parties are better off excluding other remedies express or implied by law or statute .
in most cases , where the guarantee is a reasonable one both parties are better off [not including] other remedies express or implied by law or statute .

This clause is the exact opposite of the seller 's clause excluding economic loss included in cl 12 of Precedent 1 .
this clause is the exact opposite of the seller 's clause [not including] economic loss included in cl 12 of precedent 1 .

Not only is it hard to see how the buyer can then bring an action for breach of contract , as opposed to invoking the express remedies of the clause , but , even if he were able to , there is no reason why general exclusion clauses capping liability or excluding liability for economic loss should not be effective , since they would then only have to pass the reasonableness test .
not only is it hard to see how the buyer can then bring an action for breach of contract , as opposed to invoking the express remedies of the clause , but , even if he were able to , there is no reason why general exclusion clauses capping liability or [not including] liability for economic loss should not be effective , since they would then only have to pass the reasonableness test .

All these matters can and should be tackled in the partnership agreement in a way that , whilst not excluding sufficient flexibility to make the particular arrangements fit the precise circumstances of a partner 's departure , at any rate eliminates doubt as to the broad basis from which negotiations should start .
all these matters can and should be tackled in the partnership agreement in a way that , whilst not [not including] sufficient flexibility to make the particular arrangements fit the precise circumstances of a partner 's departure , at any rate eliminates doubt as to the broad basis from which negotiations should start .

The problems arise because each agreement to refer is a separate contract , and each reference is private , so each of the parties concerned can insist on a separate reference excluding other parties .
the problems arise because each agreement to refer is a separate contract , and each reference is private , so each of the parties concerned can insist on a separate reference [not including] other parties .

14.7.6 Excluding liability
14.7.6 [not including] liability

The assets means the book value of the net assets ( excluding intangibles and after deducting loan capital and tax provisions ) taken from the most recent published consolidated accounts adjusted to take account of the subsequent transactions which have already been notified to shareholders .
the assets means the book value of the net assets ( [not including] intangibles and after deducting loan capital and tax provisions ) taken from the most recent published consolidated accounts adjusted to take account of the subsequent transactions which have already been notified to shareholders .

The profits comparison operates by comparing the net profits before tax and excluding extraordinary items attributable to the assets being sold compared to either the vendor as a whole or the purchaser .
the profits comparison operates by comparing the net profits before tax and [not including] extraordinary items attributable to the assets being sold compared to either the vendor as a whole or the purchaser .

It is worth examining separately : ( 1 ) The reasons for excluding debtors and creditors .
it is worth examining separately : ( 1 ) the reasons for [not including] debtors and creditors .

The reasons for excluding debtors and creditors
the reasons for [not including] debtors and creditors

Excluding the creditors and debtors may cause confusion amongst them as they will be uncertain as to whether they are meant to be dealing with the vendor or the purchaser for particular debts and liabilities .
[not including] the creditors and debtors may cause confusion amongst them as they will be uncertain as to whether they are meant to be dealing with the vendor or the purchaser for particular debts and liabilities .

Lines are open Monday–Friday 0930–1700 excluding Bank Holidays .
lines are open monday–friday 0930–1700 [not including] bank holidays .

But as he was brought in six months later when Curzon died , age was hardly a reason for excluding him from an office without portfolio in 1924 .
but as he was brought in six months later when curzon died , age was hardly a reason for [not including] him from an office without portfolio in 1924 .

The family will be regarded as basically the nuclear family — parents and children — with some recognition of the part played in its affairs by parents and siblings of the parents but excluding the wider implications of the extended family for many of our non-indigenous fellow countrymen .
the family will be regarded as basically the nuclear family — parents and children — with some recognition of the part played in its affairs by parents and siblings of the parents but [not including] the wider implications of the extended family for many of our non-indigenous fellow countrymen .

Voicing the concern of most soviet participants , Prof Zassoursky asked : ‘ Will the media include the public under the new conditions of the market economy ? Or will they lose them by excluding them ? ’
voicing the concern of most soviet participants , prof zassoursky asked : ‘ will the media include the public under the new conditions of the market economy ? or will they lose them by [not including] them ? ’

The gallery 's present director , Nicholas Serota , is facing up to the fact that today , excluding the Turners , only one-fifth of the collections can be on display at any time .
the gallery 's present director , nicholas serota , is facing up to the fact that today , [not including] the turners , only one-fifth of the collections can be on display at any time .

On its face , the doctrine of consideration limits the types of voluntary undertakings which are legally enforceable by excluding donative promises .
on its face , the doctrine of consideration limits the types of voluntary undertakings which are legally enforceable by [not including] donative promises .

By excluding from view the potentialities provided by wealth and knowledge for securing power through contracts , the choice theory ignores precisely those matters which might render organizations of power established by contracts suspect .
by [not including] from view the potentialities provided by wealth and knowledge for securing power through contracts , the choice theory ignores precisely those matters which might render organizations of power established by contracts suspect .

Loss of deposit or cancellation charges up to the total ( excluding the insurance premiums ) holiday invoice cost due to Amsterdam Travel Service as a result of cancellation due to illness or injury , etc as specified in the insurance synopsis .
loss of deposit or cancellation charges up to the total ( [not including] the insurance premiums ) holiday invoice cost due to amsterdam travel service as a result of cancellation due to illness or injury , etc as specified in the insurance synopsis .

All sectors of ownership are being taken into account : the State ; local authorities ; the church ( excluding the Vatican but including objects held in the churches and convents of the different religious orders ) ; and private individuals ( obviously only if the owners have let the State know what they possess ) .
all sectors of ownership are being taken into account : the state ; local authorities ; the church ( [not including] the vatican but including objects held in the churches and convents of the different religious orders ) ; and private individuals ( obviously only if the owners have let the state know what they possess ) .

Against this background of shifting perceptions , Whitney curator , Richard Marshall , has launched a bid for reappraisal with a selection of more than 150 paintings and works on paper strongly favouring the imaginative achievement of 1981–83 , and excluding those collaborations made with Andy Warhol in 1985 .
against this background of shifting perceptions , whitney curator , richard marshall , has launched a bid for reappraisal with a selection of more than 150 paintings and works on paper strongly favouring the imaginative achievement of 1981–83 , and [not including] those collaborations made with andy warhol in 1985 .

In 1982 , ( fifty years , after the sculptor 's death excluding the statutory ‘ war years ’ ) Rodin 's work moved into the public domain , although the Musée Rodin retained its ‘ droit moral ’ .
in 1982 , ( fifty years , after the sculptor 's death [not including] the statutory ‘ war years ’ ) rodin 's work moved into the public domain , although the musée rodin retained its ‘ droit moral ’ .

Auctioneers will still be required to buy a licensed auctioneer 's office at anything from FFr500,000 ( £51,000 ; $ 92,000 ) to FFr20 million ( £204,000 ; $ 368,000 ) , and that right will be reserved for persons but not firms , thus still excluding the likes of Sotheby 's and Christie 's .
auctioneers will still be required to buy a licensed auctioneer 's office at anything from ffr500,000 ( £51,000 ; $ 92,000 ) to ffr20 million ( £204,000 ; $ 368,000 ) , and that right will be reserved for persons but not firms , thus still [not including] the likes of sotheby 's and christie 's .

The changes also applied to elections to municipal and county councils so that the electorate was now composed of all ratepayers , excluding recipients of poor relief .
the changes also applied to elections to municipal and county councils so that the electorate was now composed of all ratepayers , [not including] recipients of poor relief .

The perfect solution for sending gifts and packages up to ½ kg ( excluding the weight of the Airpack itself ) , Airpacks are sturdy , attractive , convenient and offer excellent value .
the perfect solution for sending gifts and packages up to ½ kg ( [not including] the weight of the airpack itself ) , airpacks are sturdy , attractive , convenient and offer excellent value .

Sturdy , attractive and convenient , Airpacks are ideal for sending gifts and packages up to ½ kg ( excluding the weight of the Airpack itself ) .
sturdy , attractive and convenient , airpacks are ideal for sending gifts and packages up to ½ kg ( [not including] the weight of the airpack itself ) .

Now that virtue could be acknowledged in the toddler as he freely followed his own natural pursuits and interests — not excluding the exploration of his own body-the ground was finally prepared for an acceptance of babies ' desires as needs in themselves : ‘ Babies want attention ; they probably need plenty of it ’ ( Children 's Bureau , 1945 ) .
now that virtue could be acknowledged in the toddler as he freely followed his own natural pursuits and interests — not [not including] the exploration of his own body-the ground was finally prepared for an acceptance of babies ' desires as needs in themselves : ‘ babies want attention ; they probably need plenty of it ’ ( children 's bureau , 1945 ) .

Figure 2 . The process of adoption Child placed by agency Social worker visiting family After 3 months placement ( excluding first 6 weeks of a baby 's life ) apply to court for adoption order Submit to court :
figure 2 . the process of adoption child placed by agency social worker visiting family after 3 months placement ( [not including] first 6 weeks of a baby 's life ) apply to court for adoption order submit to court :

It is here that the notion of contract plays its vital role — not the doctrines of contract law , which in many respects are as arid and unsupportive of commercial activity as a dedicated anti-capitalist could imagine — rather , contract as practice , as putting into words what the parties can and must do , and if need be adjusting , or excluding , particular rules of law .
it is here that the notion of contract plays its vital role — not the doctrines of contract law , which in many respects are as arid and unsupportive of commercial activity as a dedicated anti-capitalist could imagine — rather , contract as practice , as putting into words what the parties can and must do , and if need be adjusting , or [not including] , particular rules of law .

As a nation , we 're all in hock to the tune of over 24 billion — and that 's excluding mortgages on property .
as a nation , we 're all in hock to the tune of over 24 billion — and that 's [not including] mortgages on property .

No statutory formula has been found that can make a provision judge-proof , in the sense of inducing the courts to accept it as excluding all opportunity for review , not even providing that a decision ‘ shall not be called in question in any court of law ’ .
no statutory formula has been found that can make a provision judge-proof , in the sense of inducing the courts to accept it as [not including] all opportunity for review , not even providing that a decision ‘ shall not be called in question in any court of law ’ .

Starting from near laissez-faire during the 1950s , when the main action of government was allocation of scarce dollars among importers , policy shifted during the 1960s to heavy subsidisation and limited regulation of key local enterprises ( the chaebol ) , plus policies of excluding most foreigners .
starting from near laissez-faire during the 1950s , when the main action of government was allocation of scarce dollars among importers , policy shifted during the 1960s to heavy subsidisation and limited regulation of key local enterprises ( the chaebol ) , plus policies of [not including] most foreigners .

Brazil 's controls on transfers date back to 1962 , when the profit Remittance Law was introduced to limit dividend remittances to 10 per cent of the value of the capital invested , excluding reinvestments .
brazil 's controls on transfers date back to 1962 , when the profit remittance law was introduced to limit dividend remittances to 10 per cent of the value of the capital invested , [not including] reinvestments .

Excluding the minimal spillover benefits , one cost-benefit study concluded that the net benefits of the EPZs , in terms of jobs , trade and local purchases , had grown to the point where by 1982 they exceeded the costs of providing infrastructure and of foregone tax revenue ( Warr , 1987 : pp .
[not including] the minimal spillover benefits , one cost-benefit study concluded that the net benefits of the epzs , in terms of jobs , trade and local purchases , had grown to the point where by 1982 they exceeded the costs of providing infrastructure and of foregone tax revenue ( warr , 1987 : pp .

The initial agreement covers many capital goods ( excluding informatics ) and has led to an increase in trade and specialisation .
the initial agreement covers many capital goods ( [not including] informatics ) and has led to an increase in trade and specialisation .

The numbers show that in Africa and in Latin America , excluding Chile , only about 17 per cent of targets for privatisation had actually been sold and in Asia only about 30 per cent .
the numbers show that in africa and in latin america , [not including] chile , only about 17 per cent of targets for privatisation had actually been sold and in asia only about 30 per cent .

The court took the view that since the contract was formed at the reception desk , the notice in the bedroom did not form part of the contract , thus it could not be relied upon by the hotel as excluding liability .
the court took the view that since the contract was formed at the reception desk , the notice in the bedroom did not form part of the contract , thus it could not be relied upon by the hotel as [not including] liability .

Most interestingly , the community trials showed a 34 % reduction in other causes of death ( 15 % to 49 % ; two tailed p=0.0001 ) , excluding diarrhoea , respiratory causes , and measles .
most interestingly , the community trials showed a 34 % reduction in other causes of death ( 15 % to 49 % ; two tailed p=0.0001 ) , [not including] diarrhoea , respiratory causes , and measles .

For the immediately surrounding area — that is , the county districts of Allerdale and Copeland excluding Seascale and in the remainder of Cumbria — there was no evidence of an increased incidence of cancer among those aged 0–24 years in either period .
for the immediately surrounding area — that is , the county districts of allerdale and copeland [not including] seascale and in the remainder of cumbria — there was no evidence of an increased incidence of cancer among those aged 0–24 years in either period .

After the guidelines were introduced there were 1582 fewer referrals for radiography and 223 additional referrals for ultrasonography from a registered population of 144 614 patients resulting in a potential saving of about £13 500 excluding ambulance costs .
after the guidelines were introduced there were 1582 fewer referrals for radiography and 223 additional referrals for ultrasonography from a registered population of 144 614 patients resulting in a potential saving of about £13 500 [not including] ambulance costs .

At the apex of the pyramid came the princes ' homage to the king — at least where they took it ( excluding therefore the counts of the far south and of Brittany , and the duke of Normandy after the breach of 1051 ) .
at the apex of the pyramid came the princes ' homage to the king — at least where they took it ( [not including] therefore the counts of the far south and of brittany , and the duke of normandy after the breach of 1051 ) .

But their commonest duty was to act as witnesses in charters ; , by the last two decades of the century , the royal household officials were excluding other lords from this task .
but their commonest duty was to act as witnesses in charters ; , by the last two decades of the century , the royal household officials were [not including] other lords from this task .

The primary interactive facilities for lexicographers will be available at nine terminals for five days a week , fifty two weeks a year , excluding Press holidays .
the primary interactive facilities for lexicographers will be available at nine terminals for five days a week , fifty two weeks a year , [not including] press holidays .

Even excluding these the following represents only a small sample .
even [not including] these the following represents only a small sample .

He was also for excluding the old privileged orders from the newly enfranchised nation .
he was also for [not including] the old privileged orders from the newly enfranchised nation .

Or again , independent nomic conditionals come to this : Given the rest of the world as it was , or given that it was different in any way we can conceive it as [ icing , without logically `` excluding a and b , then if a happened so did b .
or again , independent nomic conditionals come to this : given the rest of the world as it was , or given that it was different in any way we can conceive it as [ icing , without logically `` [not including] a and b , then if a happened so did b .

( b ) In the case of other public Bills ( excluding a Bill to extend the life of Parliament ) the House of Lords has no power of veto , only a power of delay .
( b ) in the case of other public bills ( [not including] a bill to extend the life of parliament ) the house of lords has no power of veto , only a power of delay .

It is not concerned with the merits of the instruments but rather with whether the special attention of the House should be drawn to the legislation in that it : ( a ) imposes a tax or fee on the public or a charge on the public revenue ; ( b ) is made pursuant of an enactment containing specific provisions excluding it from challenge in the courts ; ( c ) purports to have retrospective effect when there is no express authority in the enabling statute ; ( d ) has been unduly delayed in publication or laying before Parliament ; ( e ) has come into operation before being laid before Parliament and there has been unjustifiable delay in informing the Speaker ; ( f ) is of doubtful vires or makes some unusual or unexpected use of the powers conferred by the enabling statute ; ( g ) calls for any special reason of form or content , for elucidation ; ( h ) is defective in its drafting .
it is not concerned with the merits of the instruments but rather with whether the special attention of the house should be drawn to the legislation in that it : ( a ) imposes a tax or fee on the public or a charge on the public revenue ; ( b ) is made pursuant of an enactment containing specific provisions [not including] it from challenge in the courts ; ( c ) purports to have retrospective effect when there is no express authority in the enabling statute ; ( d ) has been unduly delayed in publication or laying before parliament ; ( e ) has come into operation before being laid before parliament and there has been unjustifiable delay in informing the speaker ; ( f ) is of doubtful vires or makes some unusual or unexpected use of the powers conferred by the enabling statute ; ( g ) calls for any special reason of form or content , for elucidation ; ( h ) is defective in its drafting .

The power can be exercised in any place to which the public has access whether on payment or not excluding dwelling houses or other private premises such as private clubs .
the power can be exercised in any place to which the public has access whether on payment or not [not including] dwelling houses or other private premises such as private clubs .

The letters of the alphabet excluding the vowels :
the letters of the alphabet [not including] the vowels :

In all offices ( excluding newspapers ) where close-set text was composed — bookwork , government publications , legal and official documents , directories , encyclopaedias and so on — both men and women piece-workers were normally employed .
in all offices ( [not including] newspapers ) where close-set text was composed — bookwork , government publications , legal and official documents , directories , encyclopaedias and so on — both men and women piece-workers were normally employed .

Philip and she heard the kitchen door slam again , excluding both of them .
philip and she heard the kitchen door slam again , [not including] both of them .

All the trees , so large now as to enclose this garden , excluding the sight of other houses , so that but for the complex of railway lines it might have been in the country , were in late summer leaf .
all the trees , so large now as to enclose this garden , [not including] the sight of other houses , so that but for the complex of railway lines it might have been in the country , were in late summer leaf .

It 's just £19.95 ( excluding 1.5v battery .
it 's just £19.95 ( [not including] 1.5v battery .

When you come to think about it , how amazing it is that a singer whose recording career lasted only seven years ( where Decca is concerned ) could produce enough material to fill ten CDs even allowing for the addition of much off-the-air material , and excluding Das Lied von der Erde , the Klemperer Kindertotenlieder and Mahler 's Second , and Brahms 's Liebesliederwalzer , the last three just issued on three further discs in Decca 's Historic series .
when you come to think about it , how amazing it is that a singer whose recording career lasted only seven years ( where decca is concerned ) could produce enough material to fill ten cds even allowing for the addition of much off-the-air material , and [not including] das lied von der erde , the klemperer kindertotenlieder and mahler 's second , and brahms 's liebesliederwalzer , the last three just issued on three further discs in decca 's historic series .

By 1911 the size of the local electorate in England and Wales excluding London was 3,265,000 of which about 419,000 were women ( Sheppard 1982:20 ) .
by 1911 the size of the local electorate in england and wales [not including] london was 3,265,000 of which about 419,000 were women ( sheppard 1982:20 ) .

Cassidys are in the process of upgrading everything but their prices ( the whole outfit pictured above excluding shoes comes in at less than £50 ) and the travellers declared themselves seriously impressed with the clothes , the balance of the models and the new shop design .
cassidys are in the process of upgrading everything but their prices ( the whole outfit pictured above [not including] shoes comes in at less than £50 ) and the travellers declared themselves seriously impressed with the clothes , the balance of the models and the new shop design .

The building was almost half empty , for the problem of excluding enemies was greater than that of filling the seats with true believers .
the building was almost half empty , for the problem of [not including] enemies was greater than that of filling the seats with true believers .

Below right : Natural oak range by Newcastle Furniture Company Price guide : Arrangement as shown , about £8,050 , excluding appliances The uniform grain of oak is perfect for this unpretentious kitchen , inspired by the simple and practical designs of the Shakers . The peg rail used for hanging mugs is a typical Shaker- style feature
below right : natural oak range by newcastle furniture company price guide : arrangement as shown , about £8,050 , [not including] appliances the uniform grain of oak is perfect for this unpretentious kitchen , inspired by the simple and practical designs of the shakers . the peg rail used for hanging mugs is a typical shaker- style feature

Further down the hierarchy the proportion of the population living in Other Dominant cities ( cities at the core of the twenty major urban regions excluding the top six — e.g .
further down the hierarchy the proportion of the population living in other dominant cities ( cities at the core of the twenty major urban regions [not including] the top six — e.g .

Well yes , but there is a limit , which you hit when you find you are paying about £80 for two , excluding drinks .
well yes , but there is a limit , which you hit when you find you are paying about £80 for two , [not including] drinks .

The idea of ‘ subjective meaning ’ is a loose one , covering all ways in which someone may act deliberately or expressively and excluding only reflex actions .
the idea of ‘ subjective meaning ’ is a loose one , covering all ways in which someone may act deliberately or expressively and [not including] only reflex actions .

The price structure is complicated , but , for example , a two-night break for two people and a car in April would be £344 , including ferry , accommodation and Euro Disney passes , but excluding food .
the price structure is complicated , but , for example , a two-night break for two people and a car in april would be £344 , including ferry , accommodation and euro disney passes , but [not including] food .

Zip , about 3cm shorter than the length of one side ( excluding seam allowance ) .
zip , about 3cm shorter than the length of one side ( [not including] seam allowance ) .

With reference to prior drug use , excluding alcohol and tobacco , most of the sample ( 92 per cent ) had regularly used at least one other drug for recreational purposes prior to taking heroin .
with reference to prior drug use , [not including] alcohol and tobacco , most of the sample ( 92 per cent ) had regularly used at least one other drug for recreational purposes prior to taking heroin .

Thus , excluding the initial informant , each snowball chain would encompass a minimum of three further stages ( see Figure 5.1 ) .
thus , [not including] the initial informant , each snowball chain would encompass a minimum of three further stages ( see figure 5.1 ) .

Article 1(2) , excluding attempts to obtain evidence which is not intended for use in judicial proceedings , commenced or contemplated , is considered below in the context of pre-trial discovery .
article 1(2) , [not including] attempts to obtain evidence which is not intended for use in judicial proceedings , commenced or contemplated , is considered below in the context of pre-trial discovery .

Letters of Request must be in the language of the authority requested to execute it ( or be accompanied by a translation into that language ) ; or in English or French , unless a party has made a reservation under Article 33 excluding the use of English or French ; or in another language which a Contracting State has declared its readiness to accept .
letters of request must be in the language of the authority requested to execute it ( or be accompanied by a translation into that language ) ; or in english or french , unless a party has made a reservation under article 33 [not including] the use of english or french ; or in another language which a contracting state has declared its readiness to accept .

Without relying on pre-1975 cases , Lord Diplock interpreted section 2 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) as excluding the obtaining , by oral deposition or the disclosure of documents , of anything other than evidence which would be admissible at the trial of the action .
without relying on pre-1975 cases , lord diplock interpreted section 2 ( 3 ) ( 4 ) as [not including] the obtaining , by oral deposition or the disclosure of documents , of anything other than evidence which would be admissible at the trial of the action .

Excluding non-working women from the analysis alto-gether gives a ratio of 0.7 , while including non-working women as dependent produces a ratio of 0.9 .
[not including] non-working women from the analysis alto-gether gives a ratio of 0.7 , while including non-working women as dependent produces a ratio of 0.9 .

The presence of a handshake could be thought of as excluding all possible alternatives , that is it excludes kissing , nodding , spitting , etc .
the presence of a handshake could be thought of as [not including] all possible alternatives , that is it excludes kissing , nodding , spitting , etc .

To grasp the meaning of a handshake we must not only see it positively as located in a greeting ceremonial , that is in a sequence of actions identified with respect to the social act they accomplish , but we must also see it negatively , as excluding certain alternatives and possibilities of action .
to grasp the meaning of a handshake we must not only see it positively as located in a greeting ceremonial , that is in a sequence of actions identified with respect to the social act they accomplish , but we must also see it negatively , as [not including] certain alternatives and possibilities of action .

Mid week and weekend breaks offered throughout the year , excluding Bank Holidays an some conference periods , at a discount of 20 % on daily room rates .
mid week and weekend breaks offered throughout the year , [not including] bank holidays an some conference periods , at a discount of 20 % on daily room rates .

Honeymoon and silver anniversary couples receive a bottle of sparkling wine and flowers or fruit , together with a £17 reduction for 7 night holidays and £34 for 14 nights for all departures ( excluding 18 July–29 August departure ) .
honeymoon and silver anniversary couples receive a bottle of sparkling wine and flowers or fruit , together with a £17 reduction for 7 night holidays and £34 for 14 nights for all departures ( [not including] 18 july–29 august departure ) .

In other words , women 's caring responsibilities are being used as a ground for excluding them from benefits .
in other words , women 's caring responsibilities are being used as a ground for [not including] them from benefits .

The Association of British Insurers recommended last month that its members should introduce a clause in all new policies specifically excluding terrorist damage .
the association of british insurers recommended last month that its members should introduce a clause in all new policies specifically [not including] terrorist damage .

use for business and social , domestic and pleasure purposes excluding use for the carriage of passengers for hire or reward or use for racing , pacemaking or speedtesting
use for business and social , domestic and pleasure purposes [not including] use for the carriage of passengers for hire or reward or use for racing , pacemaking or speedtesting

the business of his Employer excluding use for hiring commercial travelling racing competitions rallies trials ( other than road safety rallies or treasure hunts ) or use for any purpose in connection with the Motor Trade .
the business of his employer [not including] use for hiring commercial travelling racing competitions rallies trials ( other than road safety rallies or treasure hunts ) or use for any purpose in connection with the motor trade .

‘ Modules studied ’ refers to the number of individual module enrolments which were active during the session , excluding those which were subsequently withdrawn .
‘ modules studied ’ refers to the number of individual module enrolments which were active during the session , [not including] those which were subsequently withdrawn .

This relates to personal money excluding money held for business purposes .
this relates to personal money [not including] money held for business purposes .

Where one vehicle collides with a number of other vehicles causing a series of two vehicle collisions such a situation will be regarded as a multi-vehicle collision thereby excluding its application from the terms of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where one vehicle collides with a number of other vehicles causing a series of two vehicle collisions such a situation will be regarded as a multi-vehicle collision thereby [not including] its application from the terms of the partial indemnity clause .

Where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus excluding the application of the Partial Indemnity Clause .
where a secondary collision occurs after an initial impact between two vehicles , this will be considered as one collision involving more than two vehicles irrespective of the extent of the time lapse between the two collisions , thus [not including] the application of the partial indemnity clause .

The clause has the effect of excluding the most common claim for Speedboats i.e .
the clause has the effect of [not including] the most common claim for speedboats i.e .

Losses on the Commercial Property account in connection with the Perth floods amounted to $ 10m in the first quarter and the terrorist explosion in the City of London at the end of April cost an estimated $ 10m net , excluding the reinstatement premium .
losses on the commercial property account in connection with the perth floods amounted to $ 10m in the first quarter and the terrorist explosion in the city of london at the end of april cost an estimated $ 10m net , [not including] the reinstatement premium .

Additional reinsurance covers effected earlier in the year provide protection above $ 10m , excluding the reinstatement premium .
additional reinsurance covers effected earlier in the year provide protection above $ 10m , [not including] the reinstatement premium .

When Autocover was originally negotiated the objective was to establish a scheme to cover the widest spectrum of the membership possible but we had to accept that all Insurance Companies would insist on excluding certain categories .
when autocover was originally negotiated the objective was to establish a scheme to cover the widest spectrum of the membership possible but we had to accept that all insurance companies would insist on [not including] certain categories .

The warehouse sends out some 800 parcels of books every week , excluding journals such as Africa of which 4,000 copies are sent out annually .
the warehouse sends out some 800 parcels of books every week , [not including] journals such as africa of which 4,000 copies are sent out annually .

The low insurance risk , up to now , of commercial buildings in the centres of Edinburgh or Glasgow is shown in the fact the insurance element ( previously including terrorism cover but now , of course , excluding it ) of a rental ranging from £16 to £26 a sq ft could be as low as 25p a sq ft .
the low insurance risk , up to now , of commercial buildings in the centres of edinburgh or glasgow is shown in the fact the insurance element ( previously including terrorism cover but now , of course , [not including] it ) of a rental ranging from £16 to £26 a sq ft could be as low as 25p a sq ft .

The price for tax purposes will now include any accessories added to a car after it is made available to an employee , unless these were made available on or before 31 July 1993 and excluding those worth less than £100 .
the price for tax purposes will now include any accessories added to a car after it is made available to an employee , unless these were made available on or before 31 july 1993 and [not including] those worth less than £100 .

and that renewal should only be refused on those ground excluding ( d ) .
and that renewal should only be refused on those ground [not including] ( d ) .

The second most significant sector is Food and drink [ excluding whisky ] , contributing 28 % to the national total .
the second most significant sector is food and drink [ [not including] whisky ] , contributing 28 % to the national total .

Excluding whisky , Grampian 's principal export market is Germany , which has overtaken France as the regions main export destination .
[not including] whisky , grampian 's principal export market is germany , which has overtaken france as the regions main export destination .

Scottish manufacturing and construction companies showed a 2.3 per cent increase in the fourth quarter over the previous three months , according to provisional Government output figures excluding oil and gas .
scottish manufacturing and construction companies showed a 2.3 per cent increase in the fourth quarter over the previous three months , according to provisional government output figures [not including] oil and gas .

If staff are arriving before 0800 hours and leaving before 1515 hours they should complete a manual adjustment form for Friday 11 December 1992 in the normal way excluding any starting and finishing times .
if staff are arriving before 0800 hours and leaving before 1515 hours they should complete a manual adjustment form for friday 11 december 1992 in the normal way [not including] any starting and finishing times .

Belgium ; Denmark ( excluding the Faroe Islands and Greenland ) ; France ( including the overseas departments of Guadeloupe , Martinique , French Guiana and Reunion , but excluding other French Overseas Territories ) ; Germany ; Greece ; the Republic of Ireland ; Italy ; Luxembourg ; the Netherlands ; Portugal ( including the Azores and Madeira but excluding Macao ) ; Spain ( including the Balearic Islands , the Canaries , Cueta and Melilla ) ; and the United Kingdom with Gibraltar .
belgium ; denmark ( [not including] the faroe islands and greenland ) ; france ( including the overseas departments of guadeloupe , martinique , french guiana and reunion , but [not including] other french overseas territories ) ; germany ; greece ; the republic of ireland ; italy ; luxembourg ; the netherlands ; portugal ( including the azores and madeira but [not including] macao ) ; spain ( including the balearic islands , the canaries , cueta and melilla ) ; and the united kingdom with gibraltar .

This is a manifestation of what Freud meant by the chaos of the id — the fact that it can contain within itself contradictory and mutually excluding instinctual drives without ever registering any distortion .
this is a manifestation of what freud meant by the chaos of the id — the fact that it can contain within itself contradictory and mutually [not including] instinctual drives without ever registering any distortion .

* Currently Belgium ; Denmark ( excluding the Faroe Islands and Greenland ) ; France ( including the overseas departments Guadeloupe , Maninique , French Guiana and Reunion but excluding other French Overseas Temtories ) ; Germany ; Greece ; the Republic of Ireland ; Italy ; Luxembourg ; the Netherlands ; Portugal ( including the Azores and Madeira but excluding Macao ) ; Spain ( including the Balearic Islands , the Canaries , Cueta and Melilla ) ; the United Kingdom with Gibraltar .
* currently belgium ; denmark ( [not including] the faroe islands and greenland ) ; france ( including the overseas departments guadeloupe , maninique , french guiana and reunion but [not including] other french overseas temtories ) ; germany ; greece ; the republic of ireland ; italy ; luxembourg ; the netherlands ; portugal ( including the azores and madeira but [not including] macao ) ; spain ( including the balearic islands , the canaries , cueta and melilla ) ; the united kingdom with gibraltar .

Excluding this exceptional case , we examined 16 patients showing clinical signs of intestinal pseudo-obstruction .
[not including] this exceptional case , we examined 16 patients showing clinical signs of intestinal pseudo-obstruction .

The crucial experiments with standardised diets , each time excluding or adding wheat or rye flour over long periods in these children with coeliac disease , were performed on four children in the Wilhelmina Children 's Hospital in Utrecht and in one child in the Juliana Children 's Hospital in The Hague .
the crucial experiments with standardised diets , each time [not including] or adding wheat or rye flour over long periods in these children with coeliac disease , were performed on four children in the wilhelmina children 's hospital in utrecht and in one child in the juliana children 's hospital in the hague .

Excluding control ( n=47 ) and research ( n=50 ) studies , there were 375 clinical referrals that could be grouped under the headings : non-ulcer dyspepsia ( n=72 ) , suspected diabetic gastroparesis ( n=18 ) , peptic ulcer ( n=15 ) , suspected delayed gastric emptying after surgery ( n=154 ) , dumping and diarrhoea ( =107 ) , and other indications ( n=9 ) .
[not including] control ( n=47 ) and research ( n=50 ) studies , there were 375 clinical referrals that could be grouped under the headings : non-ulcer dyspepsia ( n=72 ) , suspected diabetic gastroparesis ( n=18 ) , peptic ulcer ( n=15 ) , suspected delayed gastric emptying after surgery ( n=154 ) , dumping and diarrhoea ( =107 ) , and other indications ( n=9 ) .

By 1525 in the latter shire a quarter of the personal estate in a sample of forty villages was owned by 4 per cent of the rural population , excluding the squires — clearly there were some members of the peasantry who must have had sufficient wealth to dominate their fellows ( 81 , pp.26–7 ; 83 , pp.17 , 142 ) .
by 1525 in the latter shire a quarter of the personal estate in a sample of forty villages was owned by 4 per cent of the rural population , [not including] the squires — clearly there were some members of the peasantry who must have had sufficient wealth to dominate their fellows ( 81 , pp.26–7 ; 83 , pp.17 , 142 ) .

At the other end of the scale , only three counties showed a fall of under 15 per cent , while nine boroughs ( excluding Northampton ) come into this group .
at the other end of the scale , only three counties showed a fall of under 15 per cent , while nine boroughs ( [not including] northampton ) come into this group .

One possibility is that in excluding nursing home residents we left out an especially vulnerable group of elderly people who were more likely to die than their counterparts in the community .
one possibility is that in [not including] nursing home residents we left out an especially vulnerable group of elderly people who were more likely to die than their counterparts in the community .

‘ If you art hit on the torso , from head to knees but excluding the arms , that is a hit and you must return here for a penalty of five minutes .
‘ if you art hit on the torso , from head to knees but [not including] the arms , that is a hit and you must return here for a penalty of five minutes .

As it happened , Hamilton called Carrington into his office shortly after half past five that afternoon , again excluding Benson .
as it happened , hamilton called carrington into his office shortly after half past five that afternoon , again [not including] benson .

It can be in free format excluding the | character ( vertical bar ) .
it can be in free format [not including] the | character ( vertical bar ) .

The user will be able to obtain an Abbreviated Report which will consist of the above information but excluding the module information .
the user will be able to obtain an abbreviated report which will consist of the above information but [not including] the module information .

Tickets are £10 per night , excluding booking fee , from the Academy Box Office .
tickets are £10 per night , [not including] booking fee , from the academy box office .

Excluding the chapelry of Hadnall , it was divided into seven townships and covered 4,691 acres .
[not including] the chapelry of hadnall , it was divided into seven townships and covered 4,691 acres .

At the time , this looked reasonable enough : private-sector industrial and commercial companies ( excluding North Sea operations ) made a real return of 7 % in 1978 .
at the time , this looked reasonable enough : private-sector industrial and commercial companies ( [not including] north sea operations ) made a real return of 7 % in 1978 .

Under the new law , the only valid excuse for excluding children is that 80 % of the flats in a development are occupied by someone aged 55 or more .
under the new law , the only valid excuse for [not including] children is that 80 % of the flats in a development are occupied by someone aged 55 or more .

Excluding its long-profitable oil company Elf dividends received from nationalised industries total only FFr1.7 billion ( $ 230m ) over the past seven years .
[not including] its long-profitable oil company elf dividends received from nationalised industries total only ffr1.7 billion ( $ 230m ) over the past seven years .

All hardware shown in this catalogue is covered , excluding consumables and custom networking .
all hardware shown in this catalogue is covered , [not including] consumables and custom networking .

The law was only accepted after the addition of amendments excluding anyone `` whose sexual orientation involves minor children `` and indicating that the law did not endorse homosexuality .
the law was only accepted after the addition of amendments [not including] anyone `` whose sexual orientation involves minor children `` and indicating that the law did not endorse homosexuality .

Crown Prince Shaikh Saad al Abdullah as Salim as Sabah Prime Minister Shaikh Sabah al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah Deputy Prime Minister ; Foreign Affairs Jassim Mohammed al Kharafi Finance and Economy Anwar Abdullah al Nuri Education Ali Abdullah al Shamlan Higher Education Khaled Ahmed Saad al Jasir Waqfs ( Religious Endowments ) and Islamic Affairs Shaikh Salim as Sabah as Salim as Sabah Interior Dari Abdullah al Uthman Justice , Legal and Administrative Affairs Abdel-Rahman Ibrahim al Houti Public Works Abdel-Razzaq Yusuf al Abdel Razzaq Public Health Abdel-Rahman Abdullah al Awadi Planning Shaikh Ali al Khalifa al Adhibi as Sabah Oil Abdullah Abdel Moshin as Sharhan Communications Hamud Abdullah al Raqabah Electricity and Water Shaikh Nasser Mohammed al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah Social Affairs and Labour Shaikh Jabir Mubarak al Ahmad as Sabah Information Shaikh Nawaf al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah Defence Faisal Abdel Razzaq al Khaled Trade and Industry * Excluding ministers of state .
crown prince shaikh saad al abdullah as salim as sabah prime minister shaikh sabah al ahmad al jabir as sabah deputy prime minister ; foreign affairs jassim mohammed al kharafi finance and economy anwar abdullah al nuri education ali abdullah al shamlan higher education khaled ahmed saad al jasir waqfs ( religious endowments ) and islamic affairs shaikh salim as sabah as salim as sabah interior dari abdullah al uthman justice , legal and administrative affairs abdel-rahman ibrahim al houti public works abdel-razzaq yusuf al abdel razzaq public health abdel-rahman abdullah al awadi planning shaikh ali al khalifa al adhibi as sabah oil abdullah abdel moshin as sharhan communications hamud abdullah al raqabah electricity and water shaikh nasser mohammed al ahmad al jabir as sabah social affairs and labour shaikh jabir mubarak al ahmad as sabah information shaikh nawaf al ahmad al jabir as sabah defence faisal abdel razzaq al khaled trade and industry * [not including] ministers of state .

Government income , excluding investment income , increased by 61 per cent to $ 10,300 million , with expenditure rising by 11 per cent to $ 9,440 million ; a surplus of $ 855,000,000 was recorded , the largest surplus since the early 1980s .
government income , [not including] investment income , increased by 61 per cent to $ 10,300 million , with expenditure rising by 11 per cent to $ 9,440 million ; a surplus of $ 855,000,000 was recorded , the largest surplus since the early 1980s .

excluding the two autonomous provinces , Kosovo and Vojvodina ) , and the authorities subsequently claimed that 96.8 per cent of these had supported the constitutional proposal .
[not including] the two autonomous provinces , kosovo and vojvodina ) , and the authorities subsequently claimed that 96.8 per cent of these had supported the constitutional proposal .

By late 1989 the Bofors affair had developed into a major electoral issue [ see p. 36976 ] and in late December , some three weeks after being elected , the new National Front government issued a notification excluding Bofors from entering into future weapons contracts with the Indian government [ see p. 37126 ] .
by late 1989 the bofors affair had developed into a major electoral issue [ see p. 36976 ] and in late december , some three weeks after being elected , the new national front government issued a notification [not including] bofors from entering into future weapons contracts with the indian government [ see p. 37126 ] .

Some 377,000 East Europeans ( excluding East Germans ) came to West Germany in 1989 and nearly 100,000 had already arrived in 1990 .
some 377,000 east europeans ( [not including] east germans ) came to west germany in 1989 and nearly 100,000 had already arrived in 1990 .

Britain would still require foreign loans , especially to meet the nation 's overseas expenditure , although a multilateral system based on sterling and excluding the United States was considered feasible .
britain would still require foreign loans , especially to meet the nation 's overseas expenditure , although a multilateral system based on sterling and [not including] the united states was considered feasible .

In addition , 25 % have managed only one issue in the relevant period , and no less than 38 % have been in the top 50 for less than four years , excluding those who have established themselves in the last four years .
in addition , 25 % have managed only one issue in the relevant period , and no less than 38 % have been in the top 50 for less than four years , [not including] those who have established themselves in the last four years .

excluding messengers , doorkeepers , etc . )
[not including] messengers , doorkeepers , etc . )

Another way of improving quality and excluding obviously unsuitable candidates was to insist on some minimum formal academic qualification .
another way of improving quality and [not including] obviously unsuitable candidates was to insist on some minimum formal academic qualification .

The surplus of cost over fair value attributed to the net assets ( excluding goodwill ) of subsidiary or associated undertakings acquired during the year shall be written off directly to reserves .
the surplus of cost over fair value attributed to the net assets ( [not including] goodwill ) of subsidiary or associated undertakings acquired during the year shall be written off directly to reserves .

The surplus of cost over fair value attributed to the net assets ( excluding goodwill ) of subsidiary or associated undertakings acquired during the year shall be written off directly to reserves .
the surplus of cost over fair value attributed to the net assets ( [not including] goodwill ) of subsidiary or associated undertakings acquired during the year shall be written off directly to reserves .

This research is concerned with obligations between adult relatives ( excluding spouses ) to provide practical and material assistance for each other , especially : providing personal care ; giving or lending money ; offering a home on a temporary or permanent basis .
this research is concerned with obligations between adult relatives ( [not including] spouses ) to provide practical and material assistance for each other , especially : providing personal care ; giving or lending money ; offering a home on a temporary or permanent basis .

Volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together contained 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( excluding book reviews etc . )
volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together contained 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( [not including] book reviews etc . )

On-site hardware/software fault diagnosis ( excluding file-servers and network cabling , but including workstations and other PCs , printers and other peripherals , connectors , repeaters and line-drivers ) and advice on treatment .
on-site hardware/software fault diagnosis ( [not including] file-servers and network cabling , but including workstations and other pcs , printers and other peripherals , connectors , repeaters and line-drivers ) and advice on treatment .

Excluding library services , public enquiries fall in to two broad categories :
[not including] library services , public enquiries fall in to two broad categories :

Volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together contained 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( excluding book reviews etc. ) 34 papers ( 81% ) were systematic or floristic .
volumes 47 ( 1990 ) and 48 ( 1991 ) together contained 42 papers , publishing 745 pages ( [not including] book reviews etc. ) 34 papers ( 81% ) were systematic or floristic .

They were lined and inter-lined , excluding any breath of draught , giving an enclosed night-club feeling when the parchment-shaded lights were on .
they were lined and inter-lined , [not including] any breath of draught , giving an enclosed night-club feeling when the parchment-shaded lights were on .

Normally , excluding the relatively common temples or temple complexes , only one or two such complexes are found , usually taking the form of a more sophisticated house , a combined baths and courtyard building , or a detached bath-house .
normally , [not including] the relatively common temples or temple complexes , only one or two such complexes are found , usually taking the form of a more sophisticated house , a combined baths and courtyard building , or a detached bath-house .

In that case , although section 5 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act will not apply , other sections of the same Act are most likely to apply and to prevent the seller from excluding his liability .
in that case , although section 5 of the unfair contract terms act will not apply , other sections of the same act are most likely to apply and to prevent the seller from [not including] his liability .

One aspect of the contra proferentem rule is that , if there is more than one possible head of liability one of which is liability for negligence , then an exemption clause will not be interpreted as excluding liability for negligence unless it does so in clear terms .
one aspect of the contra proferentem rule is that , if there is more than one possible head of liability one of which is liability for negligence , then an exemption clause will not be interpreted as [not including] liability for negligence unless it does so in clear terms .

This clause might well be interpreted as excluding the manufacturer 's liability to the wholesaler under the implied terms as to merchantable quality and fitness for purpose .
this clause might well be interpreted as [not including] the manufacturer 's liability to the wholesaler under the implied terms as to merchantable quality and fitness for purpose .

In the absence of clear words , however , it will not be interpreted as excluding the manufacturer 's liability to the wholesaler for negligence ( i.e .
in the absence of clear words , however , it will not be interpreted as [not including] the manufacturer 's liability to the wholesaler for negligence ( i.e .

Thus a private householder selling his old lawn mower or even his second-hand car is free to insist on an exemption clause excluding his liability for , say , negligence .
thus a private householder selling his old lawn mower or even his second-hand car is free to insist on an exemption clause [not including] his liability for , say , negligence .

The Great and the Good , excluding Lord Goodman , rushed in their donations — Tom Stoppard , Doris Lessing , Peter Brook , Ken Tynan , David Frost , John Schlesinger — while It told readers that the project wanted them to join , and ‘ for those few affluent It readers , founder membership is 50 ’ .
the great and the good , [not including] lord goodman , rushed in their donations — tom stoppard , doris lessing , peter brook , ken tynan , david frost , john schlesinger — while it told readers that the project wanted them to join , and ‘ for those few affluent it readers , founder membership is 50 ’ .

[ excluding property work ] .
[ [not including] property work ] .

Excluding Saturdays , Sundays and Bank Holidays , that is an average of about 90 every day .
[not including] saturdays , sundays and bank holidays , that is an average of about 90 every day .

If matters are simplified for him by assuming that he can move only north , south , east or west , and excluding the possibility that he might collapse on the spot , can you visualize the path he would follow ?
if matters are simplified for him by assuming that he can move only north , south , east or west , and [not including] the possibility that he might collapse on the spot , can you visualize the path he would follow ?

It was more a family , really , than a deputation , excluding the Bishop , of course : Aethelric of Durham , whom the monks had wanted to disown after that business eight years ago , until he had had to go to Siward and slip him a bit of St Cuthbert 's best to get him reinstated .
it was more a family , really , than a deputation , [not including] the bishop , of course : aethelric of durham , whom the monks had wanted to disown after that business eight years ago , until he had had to go to siward and slip him a bit of st cuthbert 's best to get him reinstated .

Operating profit was well ahead of budget and on a like with like basis ( after excluding the two food ingredients businesses sold in 1992 ) was 80 per cent higher than 1991 .
operating profit was well ahead of budget and on a like with like basis ( after [not including] the two food ingredients businesses sold in 1992 ) was 80 per cent higher than 1991 .

the number of shares issued under any employee share scheme not involving the grant of options , when aggregated with the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( excluding lapsed options ) under the Executive Scheme and any other employee share option scheme shall not in any ten year period exceed 10% of the Company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ;
the number of shares issued under any employee share scheme not involving the grant of options , when aggregated with the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( [not including] lapsed options ) under the executive scheme and any other employee share option scheme shall not in any ten year period exceed 10% of the company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ;

the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( excluding lapsed options ) under the Executive Scheme and any other employee share option scheme ( other than a savings related scheme ) shall not in any ten year period exceed 5% of the Company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ; and
the number of shares made issuable pursuant to options granted ( [not including] lapsed options ) under the executive scheme and any other employee share option scheme ( other than a savings related scheme ) shall not in any ten year period exceed 5% of the company 's issued ordinary share capital for the time being ; and

Damp walls can be given a damp excluding lining as well as being insulated .
damp walls can be given a damp [not including] lining as well as being insulated .

Excluding the investments , of course .
[not including] the investments , of course .

There are 16 clauses in that extract ( excluding comment clauses , ) , more or less , and five or six hedges — that 's about one in three .
there are 16 clauses in that extract ( [not including] comment clauses , ) , more or less , and five or six hedges — that 's about one in three .

The key aspects of public goods are ( 1 ) that it is technically possible for one person to consume without reducing the amount available for someone else , and ( 2 ) the impossibility of excluding anyone from consumption except at a prohibitive cost .
the key aspects of public goods are ( 1 ) that it is technically possible for one person to consume without reducing the amount available for someone else , and ( 2 ) the impossibility of [not including] anyone from consumption except at a prohibitive cost .

She thought of all the wretched women in the East End , and aye , in the West End too , not excluding her own maltreated self , and thought that at whatever cost she would carry out the task she had set herself — to find out how the under-privileged lived , and to strike a blow for suffering womanhood while she did so .
she thought of all the wretched women in the east end , and aye , in the west end too , not [not including] her own maltreated self , and thought that at whatever cost she would carry out the task she had set herself — to find out how the under-privileged lived , and to strike a blow for suffering womanhood while she did so .

There are 1,000 or so languages in this group which are spoken in most of the southern half of Africa — below a line running roughly from Senegal to Kenya but excluding Namibia and South Africa .
there are 1,000 or so languages in this group which are spoken in most of the southern half of africa — below a line running roughly from senegal to kenya but [not including] namibia and south africa .

There are 1,000 or so languages in this group which are spoken in most of the southern half of Africa — below a line running roughly from Senegal to Kenya but excluding Namibia and South Africa .
there are 1,000 or so languages in this group which are spoken in most of the southern half of africa — below a line running roughly from senegal to kenya but [not including] namibia and south africa .

Budhoo was allegedly on short rations from the honeypot because of his intransigence , but he nevertheless pulled $ 143,000 a year in salary and other subsidies , excluding those related to official travel and mission work .
budhoo was allegedly on short rations from the honeypot because of his intransigence , but he nevertheless pulled $ 143,000 a year in salary and other subsidies , [not including] those related to official travel and mission work .

The new professions of gynaecology and psychology denounced women 's bodies and minds as seriously defective , and used ‘ scientific ’ discoveries to justify excluding women from higher education and from political life .
the new professions of gynaecology and psychology denounced women 's bodies and minds as seriously defective , and used ‘ scientific ’ discoveries to justify [not including] women from higher education and from political life .

Those figures , which show £52 billion of personal debt excluding mortgages , surely represent personal misery and are a major cause of family and social breakdown . Does the Minister think that it is now time to implement the proposals in the report ’ Escaping the Debt Trap ’ to introduce social loans , to take more stringent action against loan sharks who exploit poor people by their extortionate interest rates and to encourage a more responsible lending policy by banks ?
those figures , which show £52 billion of personal debt [not including] mortgages , surely represent personal misery and are a major cause of family and social breakdown . does the minister think that it is now time to implement the proposals in the report ’ escaping the debt trap ’ to introduce social loans , to take more stringent action against loan sharks who exploit poor people by their extortionate interest rates and to encourage a more responsible lending policy by banks ?

Excluding the volatile food , drink and tobacco sectors , which are influenced by Budget changes , the rate of inflation has fallen to 3.8 per cent .
[not including] the volatile food , drink and tobacco sectors , which are influenced by budget changes , the rate of inflation has fallen to 3.8 per cent .

The total cost to the Government to date , excluding the contempt proceedings and officials ' time , is calculated at £2,221,503 .
the total cost to the government to date , [not including] the contempt proceedings and officials ' time , is calculated at £2,221,503 .

Will my hon. Friend confirm that there is still time for various groups , whether environmental or road safety , to respond to the Government 's proposals ? Does he understand that planning permission was initially gained , with difficulty , for the building of motorways through areas of outstanding natural beauty and great environmental sensitivity , so many people would not be keen to see developers spending hundreds of thousands — if not millions — of pounds fighting in a long succession of inquiries so that they can build not just motorway service areas — possibly excluding the disabled and lorries — but hotels and other facilities that would never have received permission when the original planning consent was granted ?
will my hon. friend confirm that there is still time for various groups , whether environmental or road safety , to respond to the government 's proposals ? does he understand that planning permission was initially gained , with difficulty , for the building of motorways through areas of outstanding natural beauty and great environmental sensitivity , so many people would not be keen to see developers spending hundreds of thousands — if not millions — of pounds fighting in a long succession of inquiries so that they can build not just motorway service areas — possibly [not including] the disabled and lorries — but hotels and other facilities that would never have received permission when the original planning consent was granted ?

Any provision in a contract which would have the effect of excluding or restricting liability for a misrepresentation is ineffective , except to the extent that the clause is shown to satisfy the requirement of reasonableness — Misrepresentation Act 1967 , s.3 as amended by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 .
any provision in a contract which would have the effect of [not including] or restricting liability for a misrepresentation is ineffective , except to the extent that the clause is shown to satisfy the requirement of reasonableness — misrepresentation act 1967 , s.3 as amended by the unfair contract terms act 1977 .

Arguments can be made for excluding or including these .
arguments can be made for [not including] or including these .

On the first repetition ( but excluding the final period , in which all except a very few sold their entire post-production stock ) subjects either sold all their stock ( 317 occasions ) or none of their stock ( 112 occasions ) on 429 occasions out of a possible 672 occasions ( 64 group subjects + 32 individual subjects all multiplied by seven periods ) .
on the first repetition ( but [not including] the final period , in which all except a very few sold their entire post-production stock ) subjects either sold all their stock ( 317 occasions ) or none of their stock ( 112 occasions ) on 429 occasions out of a possible 672 occasions ( 64 group subjects + 32 individual subjects all multiplied by seven periods ) .

Excluding the few outliers , we can calculate the square root of the average squared error over all subjects for each repetition .
[not including] the few outliers , we can calculate the square root of the average squared error over all subjects for each repetition .

An alternative way of making the same point is by running regressions ( again excluding those five cases where output was 10,000 ) of actual output against the optimal output and the actual sales against optimal sales proportion .
an alternative way of making the same point is by running regressions ( again [not including] those five cases where output was 10,000 ) of actual output against the optimal output and the actual sales against optimal sales proportion .

Athelstan again made him repeat all they knew , though this time excluding Sir Thomas Springall 's murder .
athelstan again made him repeat all they knew , though this time [not including] sir thomas springall 's murder .

In 1987–8 there were 2548 non-maintained ( assisted and independent ) schools in the United Kingdom , excluding the non-maintained special schools .
in 1987–8 there were 2548 non-maintained ( assisted and independent ) schools in the united kingdom , [not including] the non-maintained special schools .

If we interpret Europe as excluding Great Britain there is a good deal of force in the claim of one historian that Leopold was ‘ the first constitutionally-minded monarch known to European history ’ .
if we interpret europe as [not including] great britain there is a good deal of force in the claim of one historian that leopold was ‘ the first constitutionally-minded monarch known to european history ’ .

Does the Park actually gain anything from being part of the city 's road network , one wonders ? The Report does not mention any ‘ quid pro quo ’ , so what has the Park to lose by excluding the traffic ?
does the park actually gain anything from being part of the city 's road network , one wonders ? the report does not mention any ‘ quid pro quo ’ , so what has the park to lose by [not including] the traffic ?

Operating profit grew by 14 % , excluding exceptional items .
operating profit grew by 14 % , [not including] exceptional items .

The above planning application has been passed round Nether Wyresdale Parish Council excluding Councillor Collinson who declared an interest . While the councillors felt it appropriate that the Church Hall should be put to some use they objected to the proposal for a function room and made the following points :
the above planning application has been passed round nether wyresdale parish council [not including] councillor collinson who declared an interest . while the councillors felt it appropriate that the church hall should be put to some use they objected to the proposal for a function room and made the following points :

The above planning application has been passed round the parish councillors ( excluding the applicant , Councillor Collinson ) for comments .
the above planning application has been passed round the parish councillors ( [not including] the applicant , councillor collinson ) for comments .

Moreover , far from excluding anyone , this would be a way of including the existing membership of the individual groupings .
moreover , far from [not including] anyone , this would be a way of including the existing membership of the individual groupings .

The single most important move of the 1938–50 period was the extension of selection to the entire age group , and the 1944 Act actually made this more commonplace , but it did not create the move — only forty-three LEAs , less than half , considered the whole group throughout the selection process , another forty LEAs qualified children by excluding those who did badly in a first exam as part of the selection procedure .
the single most important move of the 1938–50 period was the extension of selection to the entire age group , and the 1944 act actually made this more commonplace , but it did not create the move — only forty-three leas , less than half , considered the whole group throughout the selection process , another forty leas qualified children by [not including] those who did badly in a first exam as part of the selection procedure .

The figures available were measures of the average total traffic flow recorded over a 16 hour period on weekdays ( excluding Fridays ) .
the figures available were measures of the average total traffic flow recorded over a 16 hour period on weekdays ( [not including] fridays ) .

[ 600 ] million barrels of oil equivalent added to reserves [ ( excluding
[ 600 ] million barrels of oil equivalent added to reserves [ ( [not including]

In 1992 , excluding divestments , we added [ 600 ] million boe to our reserves at an average cost of $ x per boe .
in 1992 , [not including] divestments , we added [ 600 ] million boe to our reserves at an average cost of $ x per boe .

The existing populatin served by the works excluding Harthill is 115,000 and about 202,750 population equivalent allowing for industry .
the existing populatin served by the works [not including] harthill is 115,000 and about 202,750 population equivalent allowing for industry .

We shall adopt a small arrow as our notation for assignment in this sense , so that ( 31 ) ( excluding irrelevant details like number , and the particular tense employed ) may be represented as ( 35 ) , where we again abbreviate by passing directly from the word forms to the intensional pattern : We may note , by the way , that the copular verb to be is the direct formal representation of the relation of assignment ; this has to be expressed overtly in English ( as well as being indicated by the order of noun and adjective ) , although in many other languages , e.g .
we shall adopt a small arrow as our notation for assignment in this sense , so that ( 31 ) ( [not including] irrelevant details like number , and the particular tense employed ) may be represented as ( 35 ) , where we again abbreviate by passing directly from the word forms to the intensional pattern : we may note , by the way , that the copular verb to be is the direct formal representation of the relation of assignment ; this has to be expressed overtly in english ( as well as being indicated by the order of noun and adjective ) , although in many other languages , e.g .

Both Labour and Liberal Democrats made gains in elections held on May 2 for over 12,000 seats on 369 local ( district ) councils in England ( excluding Greater London ) and Wales .
both labour and liberal democrats made gains in elections held on may 2 for over 12,000 seats on 369 local ( district ) councils in england ( [not including] greater london ) and wales .

In the first seven months of 1992 there were 233,000 requests for asylum in Germany ( primarily from Romania and former Yugoslavia , and excluding refugees driven from their homes by the fighting there ) .
in the first seven months of 1992 there were 233,000 requests for asylum in germany ( primarily from romania and former yugoslavia , and [not including] refugees driven from their homes by the fighting there ) .

The Collective State Presidency , excluding the Slovene representative Janez Drnovsek , met on July 4 for the first time with Mesic as President [ see p. 38275 ] .
the collective state presidency , [not including] the slovene representative janez drnovsek , met on july 4 for the first time with mesic as president [ see p. 38275 ] .

Total Iraqi forces ( excluding reserves ) 555,000 . Regulars 435,000 , Republican Guard 120,000 ( Reserves 480,000 )
total iraqi forces ( [not including] reserves ) 555,000 . regulars 435,000 , republican guard 120,000 ( reserves 480,000 )

1 . Eighty-five per cent in special assistance to the Länder Brandenburg , Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania , Saxony , Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia as well as to Land Berlin to cover their general financial requirements and divided up among these Länder in proportion to their number of inhabitants , excluding the inhabitants of Berlin ( West ) , and
1 . eighty-five per cent in special assistance to the länder brandenburg , mecklenburg-western pomerania , saxony , saxony-anhalt and thuringia as well as to land berlin to cover their general financial requirements and divided up among these länder in proportion to their number of inhabitants , [not including] the inhabitants of berlin ( west ) , and

The budget deficit , excluding oil revenues , was projected to rise from NKr56,700 million to NKr65,000 million in 1992 ; the deficit including oil revenues would be NKr24,200 million .
the budget deficit , [not including] oil revenues , was projected to rise from nkr56,700 million to nkr65,000 million in 1992 ; the deficit including oil revenues would be nkr24,200 million .

Opposition groups ( excluding Kurds ) meeting in Damascus in late December rejected a plan to overthrow the government , saying that it needed redrafting " to ensure comprehensive acceptance " by all parties .
opposition groups ( [not including] kurds ) meeting in damascus in late december rejected a plan to overthrow the government , saying that it needed redrafting " to ensure comprehensive acceptance " by all parties .

The commission attracted criticism for excluding non-government organizations .
the commission attracted criticism for [not including] non-government organizations .

( excluding occupied territories in the Gaza Strip , the West Bank and the Golan Heights ) .
( [not including] occupied territories in the gaza strip , the west bank and the golan heights ) .

It was felt that however frustrating or exasperating our relationships with the churches may be at times , our ‘ bias to the churches ’ must continue but not at the cost of excluding other ‘ efficient ’ partners who are non-church .
it was felt that however frustrating or exasperating our relationships with the churches may be at times , our ‘ bias to the churches ’ must continue but not at the cost of [not including] other ‘ efficient ’ partners who are non-church .

This presumption can be rebutted by the occupier putting up a notice specifically excluding certain types of person , such as salesmen and politicians .
this presumption can be rebutted by the occupier putting up a notice specifically [not including] certain types of person , such as salesmen and politicians .

But if Floella 's parents were aware of the notice , would Charles have succeeded in excluding liability ?
but if floella 's parents were aware of the notice , would charles have succeeded in [not including] liability ?

As such , the hand transcriptions can be considered to be a perfect analysis by the acoustic-phonetic component into a string of phonemic , mixed , or mid units , excluding any representation for word or syllable boundaries and excluding the effects of assimilation across word-boundaries .
as such , the hand transcriptions can be considered to be a perfect analysis by the acoustic-phonetic component into a string of phonemic , mixed , or mid units , [not including] any representation for word or syllable boundaries and [not including] the effects of assimilation across word-boundaries .

The second point is that , in the Hedley Byrne case , the bank providing the advice was able to escape liability because it had printed a clear disclaimer on the information excluding legal responsibility for the advice .
the second point is that , in the hedley byrne case , the bank providing the advice was able to escape liability because it had printed a clear disclaimer on the information [not including] legal responsibility for the advice .

For example on our larger ships we are catering for 1900 passengers and 600 crew which means that about 7500 meals a day are consumed , excluding snacks and buffets .
for example on our larger ships we are catering for 1900 passengers and 600 crew which means that about 7500 meals a day are consumed , [not including] snacks and buffets .

1 In linguistics , any series of symbols in a representation of a linguistic item has an environment , which includes the remaining symbols but excludes symbols representing constituents of the item it represents , and a context of the item , again excluding items of the which the symbol concerned is itself a constituent .
1 in linguistics , any series of symbols in a representation of a linguistic item has an environment , which includes the remaining symbols but excludes symbols representing constituents of the item it represents , and a context of the item , again [not including] items of the which the symbol concerned is itself a constituent .

Excluding these two patients made no difference , however , as they do not represent the outlying points .
[not including] these two patients made no difference , however , as they do not represent the outlying points .

It has been claimed that prolonged remissions of Crohn 's disease can be achieved after enteral or parenteral nutrition , by identifying and excluding foods that exacerbate a patient 's symptoms .
it has been claimed that prolonged remissions of crohn 's disease can be achieved after enteral or parenteral nutrition , by identifying and [not including] foods that exacerbate a patient 's symptoms .

Sixteen per cent of patients with benign upper gastrointestinal lesions had coincidental colonic neoplasia after excluding those with partial gastrectomies and upper gastrointestinal malignancy .
sixteen per cent of patients with benign upper gastrointestinal lesions had coincidental colonic neoplasia after [not including] those with partial gastrectomies and upper gastrointestinal malignancy .

Two or multiple causes contributing to the anaemia ( excluding dietary deiciency ) were found in 17 patients .
two or multiple causes contributing to the anaemia ( [not including] dietary deiciency ) were found in 17 patients .

Over half the patients in whom no cause for anaemia was found or in whom a non-gastrointestinal cause ( excluding malignancy ) was found were less than 50 years old .
over half the patients in whom no cause for anaemia was found or in whom a non-gastrointestinal cause ( [not including] malignancy ) was found were less than 50 years old .

The definition of ‘ consecutive ’ or ‘ non-selected ’ asthmatics was strictly adhered to by excluding from the study all those referred for investigation because of gastrointestinal signs or symptoms .
the definition of ‘ consecutive ’ or ‘ non-selected ’ asthmatics was strictly adhered to by [not including] from the study all those referred for investigation because of gastrointestinal signs or symptoms .

This group included 23 patients with biliary tract calculi , commonly considered as excluding the diagnosis of primary sclerosing cholangitis .
this group included 23 patients with biliary tract calculi , commonly considered as [not including] the diagnosis of primary sclerosing cholangitis .

The number of dots included in each 2.5×2.5 cm subarea of the grid were counted , excluding the four central subareas around the site of injection .
the number of dots included in each 2.5×2.5 cm subarea of the grid were counted , [not including] the four central subareas around the site of injection .

After a basal clinical and laboratory evaluation excluding heart , kidney , and liver disease , they were followed closely as outpatients and allowed to continue their normal diet .
after a basal clinical and laboratory evaluation [not including] heart , kidney , and liver disease , they were followed closely as outpatients and allowed to continue their normal diet .

Guinness is now produced in 22 countries in Africa and sold in 37 , accounting for roughly 7 per cent of all beer sales in the continent ( excluding South Africa ) .
guinness is now produced in 22 countries in africa and sold in 37 , accounting for roughly 7 per cent of all beer sales in the continent ( [not including] south africa ) .

Joseph Rothschild points out that in the inter-war period , the whole of Eastern Europe , excluding Russia , produced only eight per cent of European industrial production and that a third of that came from Czechoslovakia .
joseph rothschild points out that in the inter-war period , the whole of eastern europe , [not including] russia , produced only eight per cent of european industrial production and that a third of that came from czechoslovakia .

There were sixteen doors , excluding private entrances .
there were sixteen doors , [not including] private entrances .

By using the term ‘ evangelical ’ the leaders were purposefully excluding Unitarians who could easily be sacrificed in order to get Methodists .
by using the term ‘ evangelical ’ the leaders were purposefully [not including] unitarians who could easily be sacrificed in order to get methodists .

Where he did intervene in public , it was generally to lend support to ‘ legal ’ discriminatory measures — for the most part popular and meeting with widespread approval — excluding Jews from German society and the economy .
where he did intervene in public , it was generally to lend support to ‘ legal ’ discriminatory measures — for the most part popular and meeting with widespread approval — [not including] jews from german society and the economy .

At the same time , the principle of excluding the Jews from German society was itself widely and increasingly popular , and Hitler 's hatred of the Jews — baleful in its threats but linked to the condoning of lawful , ‘ rational ’ action , not the unpopular crude violence and brutality of the Party 's ‘ gutter ’ elements — was certainly an acceptable component of his popular image , even if it was an element ‘ taken on board ’ rather than forming a centrally motivating factor for most Germans .
at the same time , the principle of [not including] the jews from german society was itself widely and increasingly popular , and hitler 's hatred of the jews — baleful in its threats but linked to the condoning of lawful , ‘ rational ’ action , not the unpopular crude violence and brutality of the party 's ‘ gutter ’ elements — was certainly an acceptable component of his popular image , even if it was an element ‘ taken on board ’ rather than forming a centrally motivating factor for most germans .

Educated Greeks and Romans thought strange the Jewish religion without images and with no sacrifices except at Jerusalem , with bizarre food laws excluding pork , with circumcision , and a distinctive calendar .
educated greeks and romans thought strange the jewish religion without images and with no sacrifices except at jerusalem , with bizarre food laws [not including] pork , with circumcision , and a distinctive calendar .

( excluding Street-Porter , who celebrates her 46th birthday this year ) .
( [not including] street-porter , who celebrates her 46th birthday this year ) .

But it is intriguing that , excluding the women players , England 's very best can not break into the world elite .
but it is intriguing that , [not including] the women players , england 's very best can not break into the world elite .

The 362p at which they want to place the shares is 16p below the 378p paper value of Hongkong 's bid ( excluding the 7p dividend which Midland holders keep ) .
the 362p at which they want to place the shares is 16p below the 378p paper value of hongkong 's bid ( [not including] the 7p dividend which midland holders keep ) .

Research based on self-builders ' site insurance premiums suggests an average build cost ( excluding land ) of £60,000 .
research based on self-builders ' site insurance premiums suggests an average build cost ( [not including] land ) of £60,000 .

The company 's price lists explain what features are supplied and what they erect — their general rule of thumb is that the kit and erection represents about a third of the total building costs , excluding land .
the company 's price lists explain what features are supplied and what they erect — their general rule of thumb is that the kit and erection represents about a third of the total building costs , [not including] land .

The series against the West Indies is recalled day by day as seen from the television commentary box , not excluding the various interviews and comments made between sessions of play .
the series against the west indies is recalled day by day as seen from the television commentary box , not [not including] the various interviews and comments made between sessions of play .

The Government 's demographers advised that the largest regular army that could be recruited and sustained , under the conditions of full employment prevailing at that time , would be in the order of 165,000 , excluding the 14,600 Gurkhas and other locally recruited forces .
the government 's demographers advised that the largest regular army that could be recruited and sustained , under the conditions of full employment prevailing at that time , would be in the order of 165,000 , [not including] the 14,600 gurkhas and other locally recruited forces .

The other day it occurred to me that there are maybe two kinds of intelligence in the world : one that 's very open , that tries to take on everything , and accordingly gets paralysed by choice : another kind that 's narrow , that finds strength focusing on some things and excluding most everything else …
the other day it occurred to me that there are maybe two kinds of intelligence in the world : one that 's very open , that tries to take on everything , and accordingly gets paralysed by choice : another kind that 's narrow , that finds strength focusing on some things and [not including] most everything else …

The point of this myth is that the base and the elevated , the profane and the sacred are intimately related , depend on excluding each other for their self-definition .
the point of this myth is that the base and the elevated , the profane and the sacred are intimately related , depend on [not including] each other for their self-definition .

The Polish government 's statistical office believes that the output of private industry ( excluding farming ) grew by 50 % over the past year , and that it now accounts for 18 % of national income , up from 11 % in 1989 .
the polish government 's statistical office believes that the output of private industry ( [not including] farming ) grew by 50 % over the past year , and that it now accounts for 18 % of national income , up from 11 % in 1989 .

By excluding taxation we missed an undoubted opportunity .
by [not including] taxation we missed an undoubted opportunity .

By 2031 the average number of homes passed on each year , excluding bequests to spouses , could be 343,000 — more than double the current average ( see chart ) .
by 2031 the average number of homes passed on each year , [not including] bequests to spouses , could be 343,000 — more than double the current average ( see chart ) .

But for most Tories , excluding a minority who thought he was too soft , this budget was welcome relief .
but for most tories , [not including] a minority who thought he was too soft , this budget was welcome relief .

On April 23rd , the day that parliament endorsed the anti-crisis programme , Mr Gorbachev met leaders of nine republics ( excluding the six refuseniks — the three Baltic states plus Georgia , Armenia and Moldavia ) .
on april 23rd , the day that parliament endorsed the anti-crisis programme , mr gorbachev met leaders of nine republics ( [not including] the six refuseniks — the three baltic states plus georgia , armenia and moldavia ) .

No sooner had the Minister of Education , Lionel Jospin , stated that the scarves could not be a motive for excluding the girls from school than the teachers ' union , traditionally close to the Socialist Party , called him a traitor and 50 of his deputies signed a petition publicly disaffiliating themselves from his line and asking for his resignation .
no sooner had the minister of education , lionel jospin , stated that the scarves could not be a motive for [not including] the girls from school than the teachers ' union , traditionally close to the socialist party , called him a traitor and 50 of his deputies signed a petition publicly disaffiliating themselves from his line and asking for his resignation .

He dismissed Mr Crook 's argument that the judges should have made orders postponing publication until after the jury 's verdict , instead of excluding the press and public .
he dismissed mr crook 's argument that the judges should have made orders postponing publication until after the jury 's verdict , instead of [not including] the press and public .

It is equally intolerable that locked gates separate students and teachers of King 's College and the Courtauld Institute , and that surly security men seem intent on excluding the public from the place altogether .
it is equally intolerable that locked gates separate students and teachers of king 's college and the courtauld institute , and that surly security men seem intent on [not including] the public from the place altogether .

The government 's core rate of inflation on consumer products , excluding food and energy prices , was rising at an annual 3.8 per cent recently while it was nearly 6 per cent just a year ago .
the government 's core rate of inflation on consumer products , [not including] food and energy prices , was rising at an annual 3.8 per cent recently while it was nearly 6 per cent just a year ago .

costs incurred in the pursuance of a claim against a Travel agent , Tour Operator , Insurer or Carrier ( excluding a foreign Travel Agent ) ,
costs incurred in the pursuance of a claim against a travel agent , tour operator , insurer or carrier ( [not including] a foreign travel agent ) ,

after a 12-hour delay you have the right to cancel and get a full refund of all the money you have paid us , excluding insurance premiums .
after a 12-hour delay you have the right to cancel and get a full refund of all the money you have paid us , [not including] insurance premiums .

Up to £125 for emergency repairs ( including labour costs and towage but excluding the cost of parts ) to enable you to continue your journey .
up to £125 for emergency repairs ( including labour costs and towage but [not including] the cost of parts ) to enable you to continue your journey .

Compensation per full fare paying passenger ( excluding infants ) *
compensation per full fare paying passenger ( [not including] infants ) *

Your reservation will be made definite upon payment of a deposit of £60 per person ( excluding infants under 2 on the date of their return flight ) .
your reservation will be made definite upon payment of a deposit of £60 per person ( [not including] infants under 2 on the date of their return flight ) .

Excluding the interesting view of God offered by the various sects , there are apparently different forms of theism promoted by Jews , Christians , Moslems , Sikhs , Hindus and perhaps Buddhists in Britain alone .
[not including] the interesting view of god offered by the various sects , there are apparently different forms of theism promoted by jews , christians , moslems , sikhs , hindus and perhaps buddhists in britain alone .

It is proposed to give the Directors the authority to alter the schemes to take account of or comply with any changes in any proposed or existing legislation affecting the schemes , or to take account of any take-over or reconstruction of the Company or to obtain or maintain favourable taxation treatment of the Company , any subsidiary or any participant , in each case excluding any changes which affect the basic structure of the schemes or the limits on the number of shares which may be subscribed for under the schemes .
it is proposed to give the directors the authority to alter the schemes to take account of or comply with any changes in any proposed or existing legislation affecting the schemes , or to take account of any take-over or reconstruction of the company or to obtain or maintain favourable taxation treatment of the company , any subsidiary or any participant , in each case [not including] any changes which affect the basic structure of the schemes or the limits on the number of shares which may be subscribed for under the schemes .

Under this scheme we have arranged for a firm of Solicitors to deal with the remortgage legal work for just £175 ( excluding Land Registry fee ) .
under this scheme we have arranged for a firm of solicitors to deal with the remortgage legal work for just £175 ( [not including] land registry fee ) .

Pre-tax profit rose to £2.95million , from £2.52million , excluding the extraordinary gain of £249,000 on the sale .
pre-tax profit rose to £2.95million , from £2.52million , [not including] the extraordinary gain of £249,000 on the sale .

Are your monthly credit payments more than 15–20 per cent of your net income , excluding rent or mortgage ?
are your monthly credit payments more than 15–20 per cent of your net income , [not including] rent or mortgage ?

How much money do you spend on clothes ( excluding shoes and lingerie ) per month ?
how much money do you spend on clothes ( [not including] shoes and lingerie ) per month ?

Which high street store do you buy most clothes from ( excluding lingerie and shoes ) ? ....................................................
which high street store do you buy most clothes from ( [not including] lingerie and shoes ) ? ....................................................

But there is one big difference — excluding supervisors , it is manned by people who do n't want to be there .
but there is one big difference — [not including] supervisors , it is manned by people who do n't want to be there .

Excluding the impact of mortgage rates , regarded as the best guide to the underlying trend , inflation rose 0.1 points to 5.8 per cent in September , which suggests that high interest rates have yet to subdue inflation significantly .
[not including] the impact of mortgage rates , regarded as the best guide to the underlying trend , inflation rose 0.1 points to 5.8 per cent in september , which suggests that high interest rates have yet to subdue inflation significantly .

The furniture range in utilitarian pine and kitchen-like white melamine offers a cot for £170 , bunk beds £285 ( excluding mattresses ) , desk £175 , wardrobe £225 , and chests of drawers from £150 .
the furniture range in utilitarian pine and kitchen-like white melamine offers a cot for £170 , bunk beds £285 ( [not including] mattresses ) , desk £175 , wardrobe £225 , and chests of drawers from £150 .

Of course , a theorist may damage an argument through bias , perhaps excluding relevant evidence inconvenient to the case being made ; but this is not a danger exclusive to theorists .
of course , a theorist may damage an argument through bias , perhaps [not including] relevant evidence inconvenient to the case being made ; but this is not a danger exclusive to theorists .

If Let Us Compare Mytholoqies marks the awakening of his poetic consciousness when the city of Montreal ( and all that was in it , not excluding its female charms ) ‘ began to jump at me , ’ The Spice-Box Of Earth marks the heightening of his Jewish consciousness which he encountered in young adulthood , as a free agent abroad in the world , having to establish his own identity at a time when his own Tradition , and his position in it , began likewise to jump at him .
if let us compare mytholoqies marks the awakening of his poetic consciousness when the city of montreal ( and all that was in it , not [not including] its female charms ) ‘ began to jump at me , ’ the spice-box of earth marks the heightening of his jewish consciousness which he encountered in young adulthood , as a free agent abroad in the world , having to establish his own identity at a time when his own tradition , and his position in it , began likewise to jump at him .

It was the triumphant and majestic application of the techniques perfected by Joseph Paxton for the Crystal Palace ( 1851 ) , an arching rib-cage of iron to support a skin-covering of glass , admitting light but excluding the elements .
it was the triumphant and majestic application of the techniques perfected by joseph paxton for the crystal palace ( 1851 ) , an arching rib-cage of iron to support a skin-covering of glass , admitting light but [not including] the elements .

It now believes consumer prices will rise by 6.5 per cent in 1990 but growth will be 1.3 per cent , and could be less than 1 per cent excluding North Sea oil .
it now believes consumer prices will rise by 6.5 per cent in 1990 but growth will be 1.3 per cent , and could be less than 1 per cent [not including] north sea oil .

The Government did not yesterday rule out including part-time students in its loans scheme , although it opposed excluding students in Scotland from the new legislation .
the government did not yesterday rule out including part-time students in its loans scheme , although it opposed [not including] students in scotland from the new legislation .

The rest of the population ( excluding expatriates which at most make up two per cent of the population ) hold either Certificates of Identity ( CIs ) or Documents of Identity ( DIs ) .
the rest of the population ( [not including] expatriates which at most make up two per cent of the population ) hold either certificates of identity ( cis ) or documents of identity ( dis ) .

Total registrations , excluding mini vehicles , rose by only 0.3 per cent on last year to total sales of 503,977 , leaving industry-watchers speculating on a market decline .
total registrations , [not including] mini vehicles , rose by only 0.3 per cent on last year to total sales of 503,977 , leaving industry-watchers speculating on a market decline .

In 1947 the Treasury did raise the question of excluding South Africa ( and India ) from the sterling area because of the effect of their behaviour on the reserve position , but this was ultimately rejected .
in 1947 the treasury did raise the question of [not including] south africa ( and india ) from the sterling area because of the effect of their behaviour on the reserve position , but this was ultimately rejected .

The group employs some 33,000 people and has over 950 outlets , excluding franchises .
the group employs some 33,000 people and has over 950 outlets , [not including] franchises .

Nearly 80 per cent of French and British aid , excluding that which is channelled through multilateral organizations , is given to their former colonies .
nearly 80 per cent of french and british aid , [not including] that which is channelled through multilateral organizations , is given to their former colonies .

But it was only in 1988 — 9 that the ratio ( excluding privatization receipts ) fell back to that of ten years earlier .
but it was only in 1988 — 9 that the ratio ( [not including] privatization receipts ) fell back to that of ten years earlier .

Irigaray has discovered that phallic sexual theory , male sexual science , is homosexual , a sexuality of sames , of identities , excluding otherness .
irigaray has discovered that phallic sexual theory , male sexual science , is homosexual , a sexuality of sames , of identities , [not including] otherness .

Fantasy may itself be a kind of transgressive reinscription , one presupposing a radical impurity in all identity , not excluding the transgressor 's .
fantasy may itself be a kind of transgressive reinscription , one presupposing a radical impurity in all identity , not [not including] the transgressor 's .

Even excluding bonuses , British top managers beat their French , German and Dutch counterparts with a 12.1 per cent hike in basic pay ( although their real increases — 5.1 per cent — were not much larger than on the continent ) .
even [not including] bonuses , british top managers beat their french , german and dutch counterparts with a 12.1 per cent hike in basic pay ( although their real increases — 5.1 per cent — were not much larger than on the continent ) .

There is little doubt that in his reference to ‘ people ’ he was excluding Professor Barker for whom he had a high regard .
there is little doubt that in his reference to ‘ people ’ he was [not including] professor barker for whom he had a high regard .

The increase in the population of Britain — excluding the whole of Ireland — in 1851 had reached 20.8 million , and in that same year the discovery of gold in Australia led to a ‘ goldrush ’ .
the increase in the population of britain — [not including] the whole of ireland — in 1851 had reached 20.8 million , and in that same year the discovery of gold in australia led to a ‘ goldrush ’ .

David Lloyd George — who had entered Parliament in 1890 , as a Liberal — endeavoured to negotiate between John Redmond , for the southern counties , and Lord Carson , in order to produce a grant of immediate Home Rule to Ireland , but excluding the six counties of Ulster , but the British coalition government under Asquith .
david lloyd george — who had entered parliament in 1890 , as a liberal — endeavoured to negotiate between john redmond , for the southern counties , and lord carson , in order to produce a grant of immediate home rule to ireland , but [not including] the six counties of ulster , but the british coalition government under asquith .

The sale of commercial aircraft provided a powerful boost to overseas sales , but , even excluding this volatile component , the increase was broadly-based .
the sale of commercial aircraft provided a powerful boost to overseas sales , but , even [not including] this volatile component , the increase was broadly-based .

The ‘ homes ’ covered in this study include residential homes for older people , nursing homes and other institutions excluding hospitals or hospices .
the ‘ homes ’ covered in this study include residential homes for older people , nursing homes and other institutions [not including] hospitals or hospices .

Turnover rose 8 per cent from a $ 1643m to $ 1773m ( excluding the sale of the company 's citric acid business in 1990 , sales rose 11 per cent ) .
turnover rose 8 per cent from a $ 1643m to $ 1773m ( [not including] the sale of the company 's citric acid business in 1990 , sales rose 11 per cent ) .

On average , social services provision accommodated three people per unit ( or four if the adult placement scheme is excluded ) , compared with seven per unit in the voluntary sector and the National Health Service ( excluding hospitals ) .
on average , social services provision accommodated three people per unit ( or four if the adult placement scheme is excluded ) , compared with seven per unit in the voluntary sector and the national health service ( [not including] hospitals ) .

By looking for a set result you are excluding all the learning potential from the exercise .
by looking for a set result you are [not including] all the learning potential from the exercise .

Including nuclear plant currently planned , potential nuclear generating capacity , excluding 6 gas-cooled reactors and 3 fast breeder reactors ( 2 under construction ) , France 's potential nuclear generating capacity is some 65,000 megawatts .
including nuclear plant currently planned , potential nuclear generating capacity , [not including] 6 gas-cooled reactors and 3 fast breeder reactors ( 2 under construction ) , france 's potential nuclear generating capacity is some 65,000 megawatts .

According to an assessment commissioned by the Department of Energy the cost of the support structure alone for one offshore wind turbine ( excluding the turbine ) would be £3 million while one machine would cost £34,000 per year to maintain .
according to an assessment commissioned by the department of energy the cost of the support structure alone for one offshore wind turbine ( [not including] the turbine ) would be £3 million while one machine would cost £34,000 per year to maintain .

Overall , the poly graduate unemployment rate ( excluding short-term employment ) was down from 9.2 per cent to 6.9 per cent , bringing it closer than ever before to the university unemployment rate , which was 5.3 per cent in 1988 .
overall , the poly graduate unemployment rate ( [not including] short-term employment ) was down from 9.2 per cent to 6.9 per cent , bringing it closer than ever before to the university unemployment rate , which was 5.3 per cent in 1988 .

Excluding prices of food , drink and tobacco , regarded as a more reliable guide to the underlying trend , factory gate prices rose 0.5 per cent during September and were 5.5 per cent higher than a year earlier .
[not including] prices of food , drink and tobacco , regarded as a more reliable guide to the underlying trend , factory gate prices rose 0.5 per cent during september and were 5.5 per cent higher than a year earlier .

The registration , excluding the road verges from the register , became final in 1977 .
the registration , [not including] the road verges from the register , became final in 1977 .

Average pay for journalists on the paper , excluding the editor , is £29,000 .
average pay for journalists on the paper , [not including] the editor , is £29,000 .

After Sky losses of up to A$250m ( £126.3m ) , analysts are forecasting net profits for the year to June 1990 of about A$370m , which compares with a reported A$464m for 1989 , excluding foreign exchange dealings .
after sky losses of up to a$250m ( £126.3m ) , analysts are forecasting net profits for the year to june 1990 of about a$370m , which compares with a reported a$464m for 1989 , [not including] foreign exchange dealings .

The would-be island , now with hermetically sealed borders and excluding all but a few tourists , is full of noises .
the would-be island , now with hermetically sealed borders and [not including] all but a few tourists , is full of noises .

This , however , was too much for the Government and , using the excuse that public opinion was not yet ready to accept the protection of many unpopular modern buildings , Lord Caithness , the Minister of State for the Environment , arbitrarily whittled down English Heritage 's list to 18 buildings - excluding Bankside — although it represented a more traditional approach in the Fifties to the now-unfashionable Modern Movement .
this , however , was too much for the government and , using the excuse that public opinion was not yet ready to accept the protection of many unpopular modern buildings , lord caithness , the minister of state for the environment , arbitrarily whittled down english heritage 's list to 18 buildings - [not including] bankside — although it represented a more traditional approach in the fifties to the now-unfashionable modern movement .

The underlying trend of the balance of payments was extremely adverse ; although the average growth of total output was only just over 1 per cent ( slower than in any six-year period previous to Thatcher ) , the current account excluding oil moved from a small surplus in 1979 to a deficit of £5bn in 1985 .
the underlying trend of the balance of payments was extremely adverse ; although the average growth of total output was only just over 1 per cent ( slower than in any six-year period previous to thatcher ) , the current account [not including] oil moved from a small surplus in 1979 to a deficit of £5bn in 1985 .

The reasons for excluding crimes of omission are examined in section 7.5 ( d ) below .
the reasons for [not including] crimes of omission are examined in section 7.5 ( d ) below .

The reasons for excluding crimes of negligence were stated in .
the reasons for [not including] crimes of negligence were stated in .

‘ But these forms of damage are usually seasoned and localised , and are easily prevented by excluding the badgers with an electric fence … however the cost of the control often exceeds the losses incurred .
‘ but these forms of damage are usually seasoned and localised , and are easily prevented by [not including] the badgers with an electric fence … however the cost of the control often exceeds the losses incurred .

The traditional rose bed , strictly excluding all other plants , may seem extravagant where space is limited .
the traditional rose bed , strictly [not including] all other plants , may seem extravagant where space is limited .

Around the same time , Parliament took a further step towards excluding the dead from the inner cities by taking power to close churchyards .
around the same time , parliament took a further step towards [not including] the dead from the inner cities by taking power to close churchyards .

Lost in the Funhouse ( 1968 ) engages with Beckett-like ultimacies by excluding action and character to the point where narrating becomes self-referential : ‘ to write this alleged ultimate story is a form of artistic fill in the blank … ’ ( Barth 1969 : 111 ) .
lost in the funhouse ( 1968 ) engages with beckett-like ultimacies by [not including] action and character to the point where narrating becomes self-referential : ‘ to write this alleged ultimate story is a form of artistic fill in the blank … ’ ( barth 1969 : 111 ) .

That totals £40 million or , if you take the lowest figure — excluding the ‘ risk factor ’ and taking the lowest endowment figure — £30 million !
that totals £40 million or , if you take the lowest figure — [not including] the ‘ risk factor ’ and taking the lowest endowment figure — £30 million !

Excluding Belgium , the United Kingdom has the second lowest life expectancy for females in the Community , but as Table 3 demonstrates , the differences are small .
[not including] belgium , the united kingdom has the second lowest life expectancy for females in the community , but as table 3 demonstrates , the differences are small .

The House itself bore the costs of the Committee — £203,000 ( excluding printing and shorthand writing ) .
the house itself bore the costs of the committee — £203,000 ( [not including] printing and shorthand writing ) .

It is expected to contact the St Petersburg Institute for Research and Development of Biotechnical Systems , the whale 's owners , to offer a home to Brightness which , in commercial terms , is worth about £100,000 , excluding a premium for his fame .
it is expected to contact the st petersburg institute for research and development of biotechnical systems , the whale 's owners , to offer a home to brightness which , in commercial terms , is worth about £100,000 , [not including] a premium for his fame .

Excluding mortgage debts , the average adult owed £1,000 in 1979 — today , he owes more like £2,250 .
[not including] mortgage debts , the average adult owed £1,000 in 1979 — today , he owes more like £2,250 .

If we continued to exclude children , we are effectively excluding many women , we are excluding families and in many ways the men as well .
if we continued to exclude children , we are effectively [not including] many women , we are [not including] families and in many ways the men as well .

Electrification was announced over the eighteen-mile stretch between Sanderstead and East Grinstead ( but excluding the Uckfield branch ) .
electrification was announced over the eighteen-mile stretch between sanderstead and east grinstead ( but [not including] the uckfield branch ) .

The Local Government and Housing Act 1989 gave back to the Secretary of State for the Environment the power to make determinations excluding certain elderly persons ' dwellings from the Right to Buy .
the local government and housing act 1989 gave back to the secretary of state for the environment the power to make determinations [not including] certain elderly persons ' dwellings from the right to buy .

Our lucky free draw winner will be treated to dinner , bed and breakfast , but the holiday must be taken before December , 1991 ( subject to availability and excluding bank holidays ) .
our lucky free draw winner will be treated to dinner , bed and breakfast , but the holiday must be taken before december , 1991 ( subject to availability and [not including] bank holidays ) .

When Eliot in 1928 , loyally reciprocating services rendered , edited Pound 's Selected Poems , he insisted on excluding the propertius poem , and it was not until 1932 that Basil Bunting wrote , already retrospectively , ‘ In my considered opinion , ‘ Propertius ’ was the most important poem of our times , surpassing alike ‘ Mauberley ’ and ‘ The Waste Land ’ .
when eliot in 1928 , loyally reciprocating services rendered , edited pound 's selected poems , he insisted on [not including] the propertius poem , and it was not until 1932 that basil bunting wrote , already retrospectively , ‘ in my considered opinion , ‘ propertius ’ was the most important poem of our times , surpassing alike ‘ mauberley ’ and ‘ the waste land ’ .

Excluding the mining machinery business that contributed £85million in the corresponding period , before disposal , turnover put on almost £70million to £337.5million .
[not including] the mining machinery business that contributed £85million in the corresponding period , before disposal , turnover put on almost £70million to £337.5million .

But to begin with it will cover only 70 per cent of the country , excluding large chunks of the south coast where the cost of air time is highest and the pressure for competition greatest .
but to begin with it will cover only 70 per cent of the country , [not including] large chunks of the south coast where the cost of air time is highest and the pressure for competition greatest .

the hours spent on teaching during the normal school week , including religious education , but excluding the statutory daily act of collective worship , registration and breaks ;
the hours spent on teaching during the normal school week , including religious education , but [not including] the statutory daily act of collective worship , registration and breaks ;

The governing body may delegate decisions concerning reinstatement to a committee of three or more of their number , excluding the head teacher .
the governing body may delegate decisions concerning reinstatement to a committee of three or more of their number , [not including] the head teacher .

To vindicate Rawls ' position one requires convincing reasons first for excluding moral and religious beliefs from the information available behind the veil of ignorance , and second for accepting that neutral or maximally neutral principles will be chosen in these circumstances .
to vindicate rawls ' position one requires convincing reasons first for [not including] moral and religious beliefs from the information available behind the veil of ignorance , and second for accepting that neutral or maximally neutral principles will be chosen in these circumstances .

The justification for excluding controversial truths from the original position lies in the social role of justice , which is ‘ to enable all members of society to make mutually acceptable to one another their shared institutions and basic arrangements , by citing what are publicly recognized as sufficient reasons .
the justification for [not including] controversial truths from the original position lies in the social role of justice , which is ‘ to enable all members of society to make mutually acceptable to one another their shared institutions and basic arrangements , by citing what are publicly recognized as sufficient reasons .

However , the occupation of territory is very recent for most peoples , and very often has entailed excluding the inhabitants already there .
however , the occupation of territory is very recent for most peoples , and very often has entailed [not including] the inhabitants already there .

On the other hand , establishing the vernacular as the main medium of government and instruction can be a way of excluding competition by outsiders for public employment .
on the other hand , establishing the vernacular as the main medium of government and instruction can be a way of [not including] competition by outsiders for public employment .

Royal armies thus depended upon mercenaries — even as late as the battle of Waterloo in 1815 , over half the army of Napoleon was not French , and half that of Wellington ( excluding the forces of Blücher ) was not English .
royal armies thus depended upon mercenaries — even as late as the battle of waterloo in 1815 , over half the army of napoleon was not french , and half that of wellington ( [not including] the forces of blücher ) was not english .

Manuilski , on behalf of the Party , indicted the Ukrainian Bolsheviks for excluding Ukrainian participation from the government , for behaving like a typically colonial regime ( at the 8th Party Congress Lenin had launched a scathing attack on Great Russian chauvinism in the Ukrainian regional section ) .
manuilski , on behalf of the party , indicted the ukrainian bolsheviks for [not including] ukrainian participation from the government , for behaving like a typically colonial regime ( at the 8th party congress lenin had launched a scathing attack on great russian chauvinism in the ukrainian regional section ) .

How should these other curricular obligations be faced ? Or should we perhaps seize the opportunity , when the whole curriculum is in disarray , to put forward a case for excluding the moral , the social , and the religious from the schoolteacher 's sphere of responsibility ? Should schools become totally secular , after the French manner ? Not only might religious education ( and the compulsory school assembly , already more or less a dead letter in many schools ) be abandoned , but the obligation to give sex education or moral instruction might also go by the board .
how should these other curricular obligations be faced ? or should we perhaps seize the opportunity , when the whole curriculum is in disarray , to put forward a case for [not including] the moral , the social , and the religious from the schoolteacher 's sphere of responsibility ? should schools become totally secular , after the french manner ? not only might religious education ( and the compulsory school assembly , already more or less a dead letter in many schools ) be abandoned , but the obligation to give sex education or moral instruction might also go by the board .

She may come to see the patient every day , usually excluding weekends .
she may come to see the patient every day , usually [not including] weekends .

Instead , the amendment simply deleted the proviso excluding cinema films from the range of publications caught by the 1959 Act , which already extended to anything ‘ containing or embodying material to be read or looked at or both , any sound record , and any film or other record of a picture or pictures ’ .
instead , the amendment simply deleted the proviso [not including] cinema films from the range of publications caught by the 1959 act , which already extended to anything ‘ containing or embodying material to be read or looked at or both , any sound record , and any film or other record of a picture or pictures ’ .

Increasingly they felt German education to be a way of excluding them from the experience of industrial and urban life , from the totality of modernisation .
increasingly they felt german education to be a way of [not including] them from the experience of industrial and urban life , from the totality of modernisation .

Numbers are very small , and of course tabular data are only an extremely crude summary of a very complex range of feelings ; however ( excluding those whose attitudes were not known or impossible to summarise ) , it appears that three carers in the action samples felt the strain had lightened , four that it had remained the same and five that it had worsened .
numbers are very small , and of course tabular data are only an extremely crude summary of a very complex range of feelings ; however ( [not including] those whose attitudes were not known or impossible to summarise ) , it appears that three carers in the action samples felt the strain had lightened , four that it had remained the same and five that it had worsened .

However the total annual cost of the project at that time , extrapolating from the months when it was operating at capacity to produce a cost for a 12-month period , would have been £42,000 in Newham and £25,680 in Ipswich ( excluding the cost of the research ) ; see Table 6.6 .
however the total annual cost of the project at that time , extrapolating from the months when it was operating at capacity to produce a cost for a 12-month period , would have been £42,000 in newham and £25,680 in ipswich ( [not including] the cost of the research ) ; see table 6.6 .

There are today five solid red breeds in Britain , excluding the white-marked Hereford already described .
there are today five solid red breeds in britain , [not including] the white-marked hereford already described .

For local government purposes , England ( excluding London ) was divided into 39 non-metropolitan counties and six metropolitan counties , all with county councils .
for local government purposes , england ( [not including] london ) was divided into 39 non-metropolitan counties and six metropolitan counties , all with county councils .

The official estimate was that the changes would result in nearly half of those pensioners who were on benefit losing some income , excluding the reduced single payment entitlements .
the official estimate was that the changes would result in nearly half of those pensioners who were on benefit losing some income , [not including] the reduced single payment entitlements .

Excluding statutory rights
[not including] statutory rights

Excluding statutory rights
[not including] statutory rights

Refining and Marketing had the best results since 1986 , and Exploration and Production 's results , excluding divestment profits , were at a similar level to 1990 .
refining and marketing had the best results since 1986 , and exploration and production 's results , [not including] divestment profits , were at a similar level to 1990 .

The Act gives people the chance to view files held on them and to correct any false information they may contain ; excluding files held for a wide class of reasons under the heading of ‘ security ’ .
the act gives people the chance to view files held on them and to correct any false information they may contain ; [not including] files held for a wide class of reasons under the heading of ‘ security ’ .

Net quantity — the total amount of food ( excluding the packaging )
net quantity — the total amount of food ( [not including] the packaging )

As a nation , we 're all in hock to the tune of over £24 billion — and that 's excluding mortgages on property .
as a nation , we 're all in hock to the tune of over £24 billion — and that 's [not including] mortgages on property .

Excluding grant-maintained schools , there are 61 secondary and 294 primary schools in the county .
[not including] grant-maintained schools , there are 61 secondary and 294 primary schools in the county .

There are many other people besides the education officers who are part of the corporate body referred to as the local authority , even excluding the elected members .
there are many other people besides the education officers who are part of the corporate body referred to as the local authority , even [not including] the elected members .

Any 3 nights ( excluding Fri and Sat ) .
any 3 nights ( [not including] fri and sat ) .

The geographic market taken into account by the Commission was the world market , excluding China and Eastern Europe .
the geographic market taken into account by the commission was the world market , [not including] china and eastern europe .

In London their 135 bureaux were informed by the London Money Advice Support Unit which in March 1990 reported that consumers then owed £26.7 billion on credit commitments , excluding mortgages , but that in spite of high interest rates , borrowing continued to grow .
in london their 135 bureaux were informed by the london money advice support unit which in march 1990 reported that consumers then owed £26.7 billion on credit commitments , [not including] mortgages , but that in spite of high interest rates , borrowing continued to grow .

All of these excluding place cards and napkin ring , will be personalised to your exact requirements in the format and wording shown .
all of these [not including] place cards and napkin ring , will be personalised to your exact requirements in the format and wording shown .

Of course he was not excluding totally the role of natural selection in determining antler size : it would be natural selection , after all , that primarily determined body size in the first place .
of course he was not [not including] totally the role of natural selection in determining antler size : it would be natural selection , after all , that primarily determined body size in the first place .

The cost of the track alone , excluding signalling and electrical equipment and land cost , should be in the region of £1½ to £2½ million per kilometre .
the cost of the track alone , [not including] signalling and electrical equipment and land cost , should be in the region of £1½ to £2½ million per kilometre .

Even though India is the world 's tenth largest industrial power , half of the energy its people consume , excluding animal energy , is spent on cooking food .
even though india is the world 's tenth largest industrial power , half of the energy its people consume , [not including] animal energy , is spent on cooking food .

Rights can not be based upon such characteristics as rationality , language or self awareness without excluding some humans as possessors of them .
rights can not be based upon such characteristics as rationality , language or self awareness without [not including] some humans as possessors of them .

Curriculum workers are resolutely opposed to excluding content and approaches which they know , with good teaching , to be within the grasp of a fair percentage of the nation 's children .
curriculum workers are resolutely opposed to [not including] content and approaches which they know , with good teaching , to be within the grasp of a fair percentage of the nation 's children .

However , in perhaps the most important field , employment , Shetlanders ( excluding older Shetlanders ) , do not , as yet can not , compete with incomers .
however , in perhaps the most important field , employment , shetlanders ( [not including] older shetlanders ) , do not , as yet can not , compete with incomers .

To the extent that job cost records are intended to assist in the calculation of real profit margins these rates , excluding profits , are normally used .
to the extent that job cost records are intended to assist in the calculation of real profit margins these rates , [not including] profits , are normally used .

Largely as a result of the disposals , Sherwood has prospered — latest results show profits of $ 343 million on turnover of $ 397 million ( even excluding disposals , profit was $ 53.5 million ) .
largely as a result of the disposals , sherwood has prospered — latest results show profits of $ 343 million on turnover of $ 397 million ( even [not including] disposals , profit was $ 53.5 million ) .

Bread , including pitta bread and pizza , but excluding soda bread , matzos and chapattis .
bread , including pitta bread and pizza , but [not including] soda bread , matzos and chapattis .

Students from states of the European Community accepted on to full-time undergraduate courses ( excluding foundation certificates and higher national certificates ) may apply for a mandatory award .
students from states of the european community accepted on to full-time undergraduate courses ( [not including] foundation certificates and higher national certificates ) may apply for a mandatory award .

The type of instruction in the science units , excluding engineering , tended to be more extensive and covered more in-depth areas of literature use compared with social sciences and humanities units .
the type of instruction in the science units , [not including] engineering , tended to be more extensive and covered more in-depth areas of literature use compared with social sciences and humanities units .

Most financial claims ( excluding bank notes ) carry an obligation on the issuer to make periodic income payments and to redeem ( repay ) the claim at a stated value to the holder .
most financial claims ( [not including] bank notes ) carry an obligation on the issuer to make periodic income payments and to redeem ( repay ) the claim at a stated value to the holder .

excluding Northern Ireland ) at the time of the survey .
[not including] northern ireland ) at the time of the survey .

In one study , second and third graders identiﬁed by their teachers as frequently teasing , starting ﬁghts with , and excluding other children were far more likely than their classmates to rate themselves as perfect on a self-esteem questionnaire.4 Their distorted view of their own competence appeared to undermine any motivation to improve their social behavior .
in one study , second and third graders identiﬁed by their teachers as frequently teasing , starting ﬁghts with , and [not including] other children were far more likely than their classmates to rate themselves as perfect on a self-esteem questionnaire.4 their distorted view of their own competence appeared to undermine any motivation to improve their social behavior .

Next , traveling counterclockwise , we reach the Dodecanese islands in the southeastern Aegean ( excluding Rhodes , which is covered in its own Berlitz Pocket Guide ) .
next , traveling counterclockwise , we reach the dodecanese islands in the southeastern aegean ( [not including] rhodes , which is covered in its own berlitz pocket guide ) .

The hotel price categories below are based on regular-season rates for a standard double room , excluding a 15 percent service charge .
the hotel price categories below are based on regular-season rates for a standard double room , [not including] a 15 percent service charge .

The exotic , walled Old City ( excluding the Jewish Quarter ) is a treasure house preserving 1,300 years of Arabic culture and architectural achievement , and remains the center for the many modern Palestinian neighborhoods of East Jerusalem .
the exotic , walled old city ( [not including] the jewish quarter ) is a treasure house preserving 1,300 years of arabic culture and architectural achievement , and remains the center for the many modern palestinian neighborhoods of east jerusalem .

As a basic guide , the symbols we use indicate what you can expect to pay for a three-course meal for two , excluding wine , tax and tip .
as a basic guide , the symbols we use indicate what you can expect to pay for a three-course meal for two , [not including] wine , tax and tip .

There was also a campaign of official discrimination against Chinese and Japanese immigrants , excluding them from owning land and preventing further immigration .
there was also a campaign of official discrimination against chinese and japanese immigrants , [not including] them from owning land and preventing further immigration .

Despite the symbolic gesture , Castile , the power center of Spain , exclusively exploited New World riches , excluding Barcelona for 300 years .
despite the symbolic gesture , castile , the power center of spain , exclusively exploited new world riches , [not including] barcelona for 300 years .

Figure 1 illustrates the reported and projected trends in certain federal expenditures , excluding interest on the public debt , for fiscal years 1980 through 2006 .
figure 1 illustrates the reported and projected trends in certain federal expenditures , [not including] interest on the public debt , for fiscal years 1980 through 2006 .

The Commission also describes how excluding small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures required by the rule limits substantially the application of the amendments to small entities .
the commission also describes how [not including] small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures required by the rule limits substantially the application of the amendments to small entities .

The Vice President provides no support for interpreting the term ƒagency≈ in Title 31 as excluding the NEPDG .
the vice president provides no support for interpreting the term ƒagency≈ in title 31 as [not including] the nepdg .

The final rule amends the FCC rules to allow providers of narrowband and broadband CMRS services to offer fixed wireless services ( excluding broadcast ) on their assigned spectrum on a coprimary basis with mobile services .
the final rule amends the fcc rules to allow providers of narrowband and broadband cmrs services to offer fixed wireless services ( [not including] broadcast ) on their assigned spectrum on a coprimary basis with mobile services .

Proving unconstitutional coercion is difficult enough when the spending program has universal coverage and excludes only certain speech- such as a tax exemption scheme excluding lobbying expenses .
proving unconstitutional coercion is difficult enough when the spending program has universal coverage and excludes only certain speech- such as a tax exemption scheme [not including] lobbying expenses .

The same result would ensue from excluding LSCfunded lawyers from welfare litigation entirely .
the same result would ensue from [not including] lscfunded lawyers from welfare litigation entirely .

This is one reason for excluding concentrations that have shown a statistically significant reduction in survival from a subsequent hypothesis test for effects on another parameter such as reproduction .
this is one reason for [not including] concentrations that have shown a statistically significant reduction in survival from a subsequent hypothesis test for effects on another parameter such as reproduction .

This is one reason for excluding concentrations that have shown a statistically significant reduction in survival from a subsequent hypothesis test for effects on another parameter such as reproduction .
this is one reason for [not including] concentrations that have shown a statistically significant reduction in survival from a subsequent hypothesis test for effects on another parameter such as reproduction .

At Kansas City Power and Light 's Hawthorn Power Station , Unit 5 was replaced ( excluding turbine ) in under 22 months .
at kansas city power and light 's hawthorn power station , unit 5 was replaced ( [not including] turbine ) in under 22 months .

This amount represents 7.4 percent of the revenues raised from international postage rates applicable to LC and AO mail dispatched to foreign postal administrations ( excluding Canada ) .
this amount represents 7.4 percent of the revenues raised from international postage rates applicable to lc and ao mail dispatched to foreign postal administrations ( [not including] canada ) .

Postal Service wanted to recover the $ 59 million in lost contribution , it could increase the rates on outbound LC/AO mail , excluding outbound rates to Canada , by 7.5 percent .
postal service wanted to recover the $ 59 million in lost contribution , it could increase the rates on outbound lc/ao mail , [not including] outbound rates to canada , by 7.5 percent .

The Commission , therefore , assumed that the weight interval distribution for all outbound mail sent to all FPAs , excluding Canada , was a reasonable proxy for the weight interval distribution for mail sent to each FPA .
the commission , therefore , assumed that the weight interval distribution for all outbound mail sent to all fpas , [not including] canada , was a reasonable proxy for the weight interval distribution for mail sent to each fpa .

Postal density is the number of delivery points that can be visited by the carrier in one hour of time , excluding loading time and the variable portion of access time and the variable portion of travel time to and from the route .
postal density is the number of delivery points that can be visited by the carrier in one hour of time , [not including] loading time and the variable portion of access time and the variable portion of travel time to and from the route .

Recruitment and Selection for 9/11 Twelve of the 13 muscle hijackers ( excluding Nawaf al Hazmi and Mihdhar ) came from Saudi Arabia : Satam al Suqami , Wail al Shehri , Waleed al Shehri , Abdul Aziz al Omari , Ahmed al Ghamdi , Hamza al Ghamdi , Mohand al Shehri , Majed Moqed , Salem al Hazmi , Saeed al Ghamdi , Ahmad al Haznawi , and Ahmed al Nami .
recruitment and selection for 9/11 twelve of the 13 muscle hijackers ( [not including] nawaf al hazmi and mihdhar ) came from saudi arabia : satam al suqami , wail al shehri , waleed al shehri , abdul aziz al omari , ahmed al ghamdi , hamza al ghamdi , mohand al shehri , majed moqed , salem al hazmi , saeed al ghamdi , ahmad al haznawi , and ahmed al nami .

Finally , the architect of the plot , KSM , put the total cost at approximately $ 400,000 , apparently excluding Moussaoui 's expenses .
finally , the architect of the plot , ksm , put the total cost at approximately $ 400,000 , apparently [not including] moussaoui 's expenses .

This pattern was not observed following statin treatment , excluding maturation toxicity as a mechanism underlying the altered levels of mature cellular holoAPP .
this pattern was not observed following statin treatment , [not including] maturation toxicity as a mechanism underlying the altered levels of mature cellular holoapp .

In general , among-population sequence divergence increases with decreasing latitude , even excluding previously glaciated regions ( Martin and MacKay 2004 ) , and studies of intraspecific genetic diversity in Neotropical birds have revealed a higher level of phylogeographic subdivision compared to temperate species ( Remsen 1997 , Lovette and Bermingham 2001 ) .
in general , among-population sequence divergence increases with decreasing latitude , even [not including] previously glaciated regions ( martin and mackay 2004 ) , and studies of intraspecific genetic diversity in neotropical birds have revealed a higher level of phylogeographic subdivision compared to temperate species ( remsen 1997 , lovette and bermingham 2001 ) .

Following reinitiation of therapy after phase II , patients suppressed viral replication to less than 50 copies/ml by a median time of 10 ( 6–12 ) wk in both arms , excluding for two patients in the continuous therapy/single interruption arm who elected to stay off ART indefinitely and one patient from the repeated interruptions arm who reported nonadherence following regimen reinitiation yet reached 52 copies/ml before withdrawing from additional follow-up .
following reinitiation of therapy after phase ii , patients suppressed viral replication to less than 50 copies/ml by a median time of 10 ( 6–12 ) wk in both arms , [not including] for two patients in the continuous therapy/single interruption arm who elected to stay off art indefinitely and one patient from the repeated interruptions arm who reported nonadherence following regimen reinitiation yet reached 52 copies/ml before withdrawing from additional follow-up .

Since the primary responsibility of any company is to maximise return on investment , it is unsurprising that there is pressure on pharmaceutical companies to set drug prices to whatever level gives the highest return , excluding those individuals who can not afford to pay , rather than maximising the number of patients treated .
since the primary responsibility of any company is to maximise return on investment , it is unsurprising that there is pressure on pharmaceutical companies to set drug prices to whatever level gives the highest return , [not including] those individuals who can not afford to pay , rather than maximising the number of patients treated .

The FAO data show that catches , excluding a recent surge in anchoveta and China 's suspect numbers , reached a peak of 80 million metric tons in the late 1980s and have since begun to decline .
the fao data show that catches , [not including] a recent surge in anchoveta and china 's suspect numbers , reached a peak of 80 million metric tons in the late 1980s and have since begun to decline .

Although there is obviously much local and mesoscale variation , terrestrial temperatures in the south ( excluding Antarctica ) are usually warmer , and much less extreme in terms of their absolute range , than those in the north ( Figure 1A ) , especially over the winter months .
although there is obviously much local and mesoscale variation , terrestrial temperatures in the south ( [not including] antarctica ) are usually warmer , and much less extreme in terms of their absolute range , than those in the north ( figure 1a ) , especially over the winter months .

This scenario includes the mixed assumptions about ART effects ( excluding disinhibition in the general community ) , and assumes only 25 % attainment of the maximum potential impact of prevention efforts .
this scenario includes the mixed assumptions about art effects ( [not including] disinhibition in the general community ) , and assumes only 25 % attainment of the maximum potential impact of prevention efforts .

Excluding the assumption of reduced condom use through disinhibition from the treatment-centered/mixed effects scenario has minimal effect on the results , lowering the number of new infections in 2020 by only 2 % compared to the scenario that includes disinhibition .
[not including] the assumption of reduced condom use through disinhibition from the treatment-centered/mixed effects scenario has minimal effect on the results , lowering the number of new infections in 2020 by only 2 % compared to the scenario that includes disinhibition .

Diabetes mellitus was considered present if the participant reported physician diagnosis of diabetes mellitus ( excluding diagnosis during pregnancy ) , was taking diabetes medications , had fasting plasma glucose over 7 mmol/l ( 126 mg/dl ) , or had non-fasting glucose levels over 11.1 mmol/l ( 200 mg/dl ) .
diabetes mellitus was considered present if the participant reported physician diagnosis of diabetes mellitus ( [not including] diagnosis during pregnancy ) , was taking diabetes medications , had fasting plasma glucose over 7 mmol/l ( 126 mg/dl ) , or had non-fasting glucose levels over 11.1 mmol/l ( 200 mg/dl ) .

Additionally , data were reanalyzed excluding those individuals with prevalent cardiovascular disease ( not shown ) ; results were again unchanged and measures of association were even slightly stronger .
additionally , data were reanalyzed [not including] those individuals with prevalent cardiovascular disease ( not shown ) ; results were again unchanged and measures of association were even slightly stronger .

Excluding the six pediatric samples does not affect the analysis .
[not including] the six pediatric samples does not affect the analysis .

After additionally excluding five women whose twin was a nonrespondent , the Examination II cohort included 352 twin pairs ( 58 % monozygotic and 42 % dizygotic ) , representing 81.1 % of the original cohort .
after additionally [not including] five women whose twin was a nonrespondent , the examination ii cohort included 352 twin pairs ( 58 % monozygotic and 42 % dizygotic ) , representing 81.1 % of the original cohort .

Under current regulations , manufacturers of commercial chemicals ( excluding pesticides ) are not required to supply any toxicity data before selling their products .
under current regulations , manufacturers of commercial chemicals ( [not including] pesticides ) are not required to supply any toxicity data before selling their products .

The most irritating sight on a New York street ( excluding Donald Trump 's naked swing dancing with the ghost of Boss Tweed ) is anyone jabbering into a cell phone .
the most irritating sight on a new york street ( [not including] donald trump 's naked swing dancing with the ghost of boss tweed ) is anyone jabbering into a cell phone .

Although the king had rebuked his brother Crown Prince Hassan on a number of counts in the letter excluding him from the succession , Hassan had accepted that criticism graciously and loyally .
although the king had rebuked his brother crown prince hassan on a number of counts in the letter [not including] him from the succession , hassan had accepted that criticism graciously and loyally .

At the same time , the principle of excluding the Jews from German society was itself widely and increasingly popular , and Hitler 's hatred of the Jews -- baleful in its threats but linked to the condoning of lawful , `` rational '' action , not the unpopular crude violence and brutality of the Party 's `` gutter '' elements -- was certainly an acceptable component of his popular image , even if it was an element `` taken on board '' rather than forming a centrally motivating factor for most Germans .
at the same time , the principle of [not including] the jews from german society was itself widely and increasingly popular , and hitler 's hatred of the jews -- baleful in its threats but linked to the condoning of lawful , `` rational '' action , not the unpopular crude violence and brutality of the party 's `` gutter '' elements -- was certainly an acceptable component of his popular image , even if it was an element `` taken on board '' rather than forming a centrally motivating factor for most germans .

Excluding only four of the 32 rabbis essentially eliminates the effect , for example .
[not including] only four of the 32 rabbis essentially eliminates the effect , for example .

It recognizes that talent and ability are distributed across the population and that it requires extra effort to avoid excluding parts of the population that have traditionally been excluded .
it recognizes that talent and ability are distributed across the population and that it requires extra effort to avoid [not including] parts of the population that have traditionally been excluded .

I now have a fixed cost , excluding the cost of content , of $ 700 .
i now have a fixed cost , [not including] the cost of content , of $ 700 .

In taking this position , Buckley ought to have noted the inconvenient fact that historically , running a Christian college ( which to Yale really meant a Protestant college ) meant excluding , to some extent , Catholics and Jews -- and that , a mere two or three years before publishing this book , he himself had encountered some evidence that systematic exclusion might still going on .
in taking this position , buckley ought to have noted the inconvenient fact that historically , running a christian college ( which to yale really meant a protestant college ) meant [not including] , to some extent , catholics and jews -- and that , a mere two or three years before publishing this book , he himself had encountered some evidence that systematic exclusion might still going on .

As for Foer 's criticism of Irish-American identification with Irish culture as part of a so-called `` Diaspora chic , '' he is unfair to those Americans of Irish descent who do not romanticize terrorism , support Sinn Fein or the IRA , join organizations like the Ancient Order of Hibernians , or celebrate St. Patrick 's day by getting obnoxiously drunk and excluding Irish-Americans who happen to be gay .
as for foer 's criticism of irish-american identification with irish culture as part of a so-called `` diaspora chic , '' he is unfair to those americans of irish descent who do not romanticize terrorism , support sinn fein or the ira , join organizations like the ancient order of hibernians , or celebrate st. patrick 's day by getting obnoxiously drunk and [not including] irish-americans who happen to be gay .

The government is committed to excluding them from the upper house of Parliament but has yet to reveal its proposals for further constitutional reform .
the government is committed to [not including] them from the upper house of parliament but has yet to reveal its proposals for further constitutional reform .

If only we had such Wise Men today ( not excluding the possibility of a Wise Woman , of course ) , they would be able to broker a deal between the president and the Republican Congress , sparing the nation the prolonged agony of impeachment .
if only we had such wise men today ( not [not including] the possibility of a wise woman , of course ) , they would be able to broker a deal between the president and the republican congress , sparing the nation the prolonged agony of impeachment .

They wish gays and lesbians would stop excluding them from homosexual rights campaigns .
they wish gays and lesbians would stop [not including] them from homosexual rights campaigns .

Excluding our launch week , when the numbers were much higher , we 've been serving up about 100,000 pages a day .
[not including] our launch week , when the numbers were much higher , we 've been serving up about 100,000 pages a day .

It also attacked the United States `` for excluding certain tests that do not involve the detonation of nuclear devices '' from the provisions of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty .
it also attacked the united states `` for [not including] certain tests that do not involve the detonation of nuclear devices '' from the provisions of the comprehensive test ban treaty .

Excluding beauty is a ridiculous development for the Miss America contest .
[not including] beauty is a ridiculous development for the miss america contest .

Japanese companies own more than 80 percent of the Asian car market , excluding Korea , and are dominant players in most other industrial categories .
japanese companies own more than 80 percent of the asian car market , [not including] korea , and are dominant players in most other industrial categories .

If children are amenable to gay persuasion , conservatives can argue that they should be `` protected '' by excluding gays not just from jobs that involve children ( e.g. , teaching ) , but also from any legal rights that confer respectability .
if children are amenable to gay persuasion , conservatives can argue that they should be `` protected '' by [not including] gays not just from jobs that involve children ( e.g. , teaching ) , but also from any legal rights that confer respectability .

Hill Republicans began warming to the idea of expanding health care coverage in 1995 , when Sen. Nancy Kassebaum and Sen. Ted Kennedy proposed a measure that would ban insurers from excluding pre-existing conditions and dropping coverage when people changed jobs .
hill republicans began warming to the idea of expanding health care coverage in 1995 , when sen. nancy kassebaum and sen. ted kennedy proposed a measure that would ban insurers from [not including] pre-existing conditions and dropping coverage when people changed jobs .

Ireland persistently denounces PK for `` excluding anyone who is not Christian '' -- roughly equivalent to denouncing a synagogue for confining its membership to Jews .
ireland persistently denounces pk for `` [not including] anyone who is not christian '' -- roughly equivalent to denouncing a synagogue for confining its membership to jews .

All figures refer to 1998 movies produced by members of the MPAA ( i.e. , excluding DreamWorks and New Line among others . )
all figures refer to 1998 movies produced by members of the mpaa ( i.e. , [not including] dreamworks and new line among others . )

Because the spot uses an animal , excluding all references to race , gender , or a particular sport , soccer kids in Beverly Hills are as likely to embrace it -- and the product -- as hoop shooters in Harlem .
because the spot uses an animal , [not including] all references to race , gender , or a particular sport , soccer kids in beverly hills are as likely to embrace it -- and the product -- as hoop shooters in harlem .

That decision will be based more on your technical facility than on your notions of what material you want your kids to see , because the programs vary much more in their dependence on parental tweaking than on their approaches to excluding material .
that decision will be based more on your technical facility than on your notions of what material you want your kids to see , because the programs vary much more in their dependence on parental tweaking than on their approaches to [not including] material .

As each year of N & Q is contained in two large octavo volumes of some 500 pages ( excluding the Index ) set in eight-point type ( with reviews of books and periodicals in six-point ) , readers will appreciate that it takes a while to read through several years ' worth of material and will be patient as the volumes are mined for their gems of informative , occasionally entertaining matter .
as each year of n & q is contained in two large octavo volumes of some 500 pages ( [not including] the index ) set in eight-point type ( with reviews of books and periodicals in six-point ) , readers will appreciate that it takes a while to read through several years ' worth of material and will be patient as the volumes are mined for their gems of informative , occasionally entertaining matter .

According to a survey we conducted some years ago , each issue of VERBATIM is read , on average , by about three people ( excluding those that go to libraries ) .
according to a survey we conducted some years ago , each issue of verbatim is read , on average , by about three people ( [not including] those that go to libraries ) .

Part of it ( excluding the awkward pronoun of reference ) is pertinent :
part of it ( [not including] the awkward pronoun of reference ) is pertinent :

Third , excluding the Appendix and a Glossary , the book contains only 600 pages , and , presumably to bulk up its page count ( probably at the instigation of the publisher , so that more money could be charged for it ) , the designer has employed a hanging indention of about ten picas , and wide interlinear spaces .
third , [not including] the appendix and a glossary , the book contains only 600 pages , and , presumably to bulk up its page count ( probably at the instigation of the publisher , so that more money could be charged for it ) , the designer has employed a hanging indention of about ten picas , and wide interlinear spaces .

In a dictionary of this size , the complier is faced with the task of including or excluding a certain quotation -- not a very easy decision when one is dealing with a stock of scores of thousands of Russian proverbs .
in a dictionary of this size , the complier is faced with the task of including or [not including] a certain quotation -- not a very easy decision when one is dealing with a stock of scores of thousands of russian proverbs .

