# not in the sense of hanging

Then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on July 4 , 1963 .
then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass [carrying out] on july 4 , 1963 .

`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition .
`` speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid [carrying out] , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition .

An early Edison production was The Execution Of Mary , Queen Of Scots .
an early edison production was the [carrying out] of mary , queen of scots .

`` E '' stands for `` execution '' -- the moment a `` go order '' would unleash an American nuclear strike .
`` e '' stands for `` [carrying out] '' -- the moment a `` go order '' would unleash an american nuclear strike .

Yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act .
yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous [carrying out] one had been unaware of the really decisive act .

Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate .
unspeakable tortures or even [carrying out] might well be their fate .

`` It is no time '' , he writes , `` to talk with Hints and Innuendos , but openly and honestly to profess our Sentiments before our Enemies have compleated and put their Designs in Execution against us '' .
`` it is no time '' , he writes , `` to talk with hints and innuendos , but openly and honestly to profess our sentiments before our enemies have compleated and put their designs in [carrying out] against us '' .

Edward Greville , born about 1565 , had inherited Milcote on the execution of his father Lodowick for murder in 1589 .
edward greville , born about 1565 , had inherited milcote on the [carrying out] of his father lodowick for murder in 1589 .

the Carleton Student Association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the betterment of Carleton College by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which pertain to student life and activities '' .
the carleton student association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the betterment of carleton college by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and [carrying out] of policies which pertain to student life and activities '' .

During the latter days of November to the day of Brown's execution , it seems that most Rhode Islanders did not concur in `` E. B.'s '' suggestion .
during the latter days of november to the day of brown's [carrying out] , it seems that most rhode islanders did not concur in `` e. b.'s '' suggestion .

A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution .
a week later the daily journal had discovered the initial plans of some providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring john brown on the day of his [carrying out] .

The only public demonstration in honor of John Brown was held at Pratt's Hall in Providence , on the day of his execution .
the only public demonstration in honor of john brown was held at pratt's hall in providence , on the day of his [carrying out] .

The artistic generation after Brumidi was trained in the Paris of that time to a more meticulous standard of execution , and tended to overlook greatness of conception where faults and weakness were easy to find .
the artistic generation after brumidi was trained in the paris of that time to a more meticulous standard of [carrying out] , and tended to overlook greatness of conception where faults and weakness were easy to find .

If Mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his execution while Hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street .
if mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his [carrying out] while hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street .

All of her movements were careful and methodical , partaking of the stealth of a criminal who has plotted his felony for months in advance and knows exactly which step to take next in the course of the final execution of his crime .
all of her movements were careful and methodical , partaking of the stealth of a criminal who has plotted his felony for months in advance and knows exactly which step to take next in the course of the final [carrying out] of his crime .

From 1949 to 1953 , he took part in the execution of more than 30 people .
from 1949 to 1953 , he took part in the [carrying out] of more than 30 people .

This was the offence and this was the execution by Magilton .
this was the offence and this was the [carrying out] by magilton .

The best they could hope for today was a stay of execution -- but a short statement this evening confirmed that men would arrive in the autumn of 1994 .
the best they could hope for today was a stay of [carrying out] -- but a short statement this evening confirmed that men would arrive in the autumn of 1994 .

From 1949 to 1953 , he took part in the execution of more than 30 people .
from 1949 to 1953 , he took part in the [carrying out] of more than 30 people .

During the trial , the judge ordered not guilty verdicts to be entered on two of three counts the lawyer had faced , of false accounting and of procuring the execution of a valuable security .
during the trial , the judge ordered not guilty verdicts to be entered on two of three counts the lawyer had faced , of false accounting and of procuring the [carrying out] of a valuable security .

Clive Stafford Smith , who has devoted his legal career to defending those facing execution , says : ‘ Who gets killed is utterly arbitrary .
clive stafford smith , who has devoted his legal career to defending those facing [carrying out] , says : ‘ who gets killed is utterly arbitrary .

Mr Stafford Smith is doing his best to reverse the growing trend towards execution and so far he has been very successful .
mr stafford smith is doing his best to reverse the growing trend towards [carrying out] and so far he has been very successful .

Of the 150 death row cases Mr Stafford Smith has been involved with during his nine-year career , only three have ended in execution .
of the 150 death row cases mr stafford smith has been involved with during his nine-year career , only three have ended in [carrying out] .

Though most of his trials are in the southern states , Mr Stafford Smith recently took on the case of Kenneth Richey , the young Scot who faces execution in Ohio .
though most of his trials are in the southern states , mr stafford smith recently took on the case of kenneth richey , the young scot who faces [carrying out] in ohio .

According to Mr Stafford Smith , there have been studies showing that each execution costs $ 3.5 million .
according to mr stafford smith , there have been studies showing that each [carrying out] costs $ 3.5 million .

The relentless lobbying and visits from Church emissaries had highlighted the plight of Malawian activists and saved them from summary execution .
the relentless lobbying and visits from church emissaries had highlighted the plight of malawian activists and saved them from summary [carrying out] .

Castlebrae was threatened with closure two years ago because of falling school rolls but the local community fought to achieve a stay of execution .
castlebrae was threatened with closure two years ago because of falling school rolls but the local community fought to achieve a stay of [carrying out] .

Mr Walker , who had vowed he would have to be evicted with the family , said : ‘ We had hoped for a stay of execution to allow the family to depart with dignity , but the Scottish Office handled the request in the same way as they have handled the whole affair — with massive insensitivity .
mr walker , who had vowed he would have to be evicted with the family , said : ‘ we had hoped for a stay of [carrying out] to allow the family to depart with dignity , but the scottish office handled the request in the same way as they have handled the whole affair — with massive insensitivity .

Stan Abbott of Wensleydale Rail Association , which wants passenger trains reinstated on the line , said the new date was only a stay of execution and the pressure needed to be kept up .
stan abbott of wensleydale rail association , which wants passenger trains reinstated on the line , said the new date was only a stay of [carrying out] and the pressure needed to be kept up .

In view of the massive public opposition it was difficult to understand how a ‘ listening ’ minister could continue to pursue his own ideology at the risk of his own political execution .
in view of the massive public opposition it was difficult to understand how a ‘ listening ’ minister could continue to pursue his own ideology at the risk of his own political [carrying out] .

The intention was easier to understand than the attempted execution .
the intention was easier to understand than the attempted [carrying out] .

Since each inter-probe distance need be calculated only once the execution time is dependent primarily on the number of probes , not the number of clones .
since each inter-probe distance need be calculated only once the [carrying out] time is dependent primarily on the number of probes , not the number of clones .

More dams in the upper reaches have been suggested , sluice gates to stem the flow from vulnerable flood plains and dredging the river to deepen the channel , all of which ignore the fact they are absurdly expensive , would take years in the design and execution , and would certainly excite opposition from conservationists and environmentalists .
more dams in the upper reaches have been suggested , sluice gates to stem the flow from vulnerable flood plains and dredging the river to deepen the channel , all of which ignore the fact they are absurdly expensive , would take years in the design and [carrying out] , and would certainly excite opposition from conservationists and environmentalists .

There are all sorts of ways in which one can attempt to alleviate suffering but killing your son by any method , whether starvation or some quicker execution , is not among them .
there are all sorts of ways in which one can attempt to alleviate suffering but killing your son by any method , whether starvation or some quicker [carrying out] , is not among them .

‘ Those found guilty were returned to Changi Jail where they were put into condemned cells to await their fate of execution , mainly by hanging .
‘ those found guilty were returned to changi jail where they were put into condemned cells to await their fate of [carrying out] , mainly by hanging .

To the extent that the execution of this function may now be inhibited by financial constraints , it is the clear duty of the court to seek redress by whatever method is least likely to reduce the standard and breadth of education .
to the extent that the [carrying out] of this function may now be inhibited by financial constraints , it is the clear duty of the court to seek redress by whatever method is least likely to reduce the standard and breadth of education .

Yet , the musical execution is slick and the production bursting with energy .
yet , the musical [carrying out] is slick and the production bursting with energy .

This kind of action needs precise timing and director Mike Alfreds and his 14 strong cast provide the elegantly energetic execution required .
this kind of action needs precise timing and director mike alfreds and his 14 strong cast provide the elegantly energetic [carrying out] required .

This kind of action needs precise timing and director Mike Alfreds and his 14 strong cast provide the elegantly energetic execution that is required .
this kind of action needs precise timing and director mike alfreds and his 14 strong cast provide the elegantly energetic [carrying out] that is required .

As a result of the establishment of the database , the local business community will be able to use it to search for customers/ suppliers and , planners will have a comprehensive database to assist in the formulation and execution of regional economic development policy .
as a result of the establishment of the database , the local business community will be able to use it to search for customers/ suppliers and , planners will have a comprehensive database to assist in the formulation and [carrying out] of regional economic development policy .

Mr Wakerley said Sams , a tool repairer of Barrel Hill Road , Sutton on Trent , Notts , took pleasure in the execution of his plans .
mr wakerley said sams , a tool repairer of barrel hill road , sutton on trent , notts , took pleasure in the [carrying out] of his plans .

It really had all the hallmarks almost of an execution .
it really had all the hallmarks almost of an [carrying out] .

Soon the prisoners are led past for execution , and Sis .
soon the prisoners are led past for [carrying out] , and sis .

He ordered them out to execution on the instant , and it was done .
he ordered them out to [carrying out] on the instant , and it was done .

Write a preliminary memorandum , embodying your proposals for a sampling scheme with a consideration of possible frames and indicating any difficulties of execution or interpretation that occur to you .
write a preliminary memorandum , embodying your proposals for a sampling scheme with a consideration of possible frames and indicating any difficulties of [carrying out] or interpretation that occur to you .

Best Execution
best [carrying out]

During his life Hampden contrived the execution of the King 's advisor the Earl of Strafford .
during his life hampden contrived the [carrying out] of the king 's advisor the earl of strafford .

You will not see a goal of more classical quality and execution than this one .
you will not see a goal of more classical quality and [carrying out] than this one .

For the moment the protestors have only won a temporary stay of execution .
for the moment the protestors have only won a temporary stay of [carrying out] .

execution thing .
[carrying out] thing .

However , within 5 years the new street works act should be operating properly which means that the planning and execution of all public utilities works will have far less effect on peak hour travel and congestion except for unplanned emergencies .
however , within 5 years the new street works act should be operating properly which means that the planning and [carrying out] of all public utilities works will have far less effect on peak hour travel and congestion except for unplanned emergencies .

The Conference 's working assumption was that all incursions from Lagos were to be resisted ; the reason invariably given was that only the Residents had enough knowledge and experience of the mysteries of Indirect Rule to be entrusted with its execution .
the conference 's working assumption was that all incursions from lagos were to be resisted ; the reason invariably given was that only the residents had enough knowledge and experience of the mysteries of indirect rule to be entrusted with its [carrying out] .

The daring magnitude of this conception has since been obscured by its almost routine enactment in a series of African countries in the 1960s , but it should never be forgotten that India was the test case , and that at the time success in the execution of such a plan seemed far from assured : only a year before Mountbatten 's appointment the then viceroy , Lord Wavell , had been pressing on the Cabinet his ‘ Breakdown Plan ’ , which consisted simply of the phased evacuation of the British from India without any serious attempt to ensure that a viable , much less friendly , government was installed in their place .
the daring magnitude of this conception has since been obscured by its almost routine enactment in a series of african countries in the 1960s , but it should never be forgotten that india was the test case , and that at the time success in the [carrying out] of such a plan seemed far from assured : only a year before mountbatten 's appointment the then viceroy , lord wavell , had been pressing on the cabinet his ‘ breakdown plan ’ , which consisted simply of the phased evacuation of the british from india without any serious attempt to ensure that a viable , much less friendly , government was installed in their place .

Corporate crime is rendered invisible by its complex and sophisticated planning and execution , by non-existent or weak law enforcement and prosecution , and by lenient legal and social sanctions which fail to reaffirm or reinforce collective sentiments on moral boundaries .
corporate crime is rendered invisible by its complex and sophisticated planning and [carrying out] , by non-existent or weak law enforcement and prosecution , and by lenient legal and social sanctions which fail to reaffirm or reinforce collective sentiments on moral boundaries .

And if they are genuine it could open up old wounds in Russia where there is still bitter feeling over how the execution has been constantly covered-up by communists , including leader Boris Yeltsin .
and if they are genuine it could open up old wounds in russia where there is still bitter feeling over how the [carrying out] has been constantly covered-up by communists , including leader boris yeltsin .

Like Russian president Boris Yeltsin who still stands accused of continuing the cover-up over the execution while he was a local Communist party boss in the 70s .
like russian president boris yeltsin who still stands accused of continuing the cover-up over the [carrying out] while he was a local communist party boss in the 70s .

But the dog has a stay of execution to allow a High Court appeal .
but the dog has a stay of [carrying out] to allow a high court appeal .

The damages being unpaid , he sought to levy execution upon Hansard and to put the sheriff 's men in to distrain goods to the value of the judgment .
the damages being unpaid , he sought to levy [carrying out] upon hansard and to put the sheriff 's men in to distrain goods to the value of the judgment .

In Mark 6 verses 14–29 you can read the tragic story of Herod ordering the execution of Jesus ' cousin , John the Baptist .
in mark 6 verses 14–29 you can read the tragic story of herod ordering the [carrying out] of jesus ' cousin , john the baptist .

The execution 's great too .
the [carrying out] 's great too .

Just In Time is a great demo , not so much because of original ideas ( there are hardly any ) , but the excellent execution of the routines make it well worth a gander .
just in time is a great demo , not so much because of original ideas ( there are hardly any ) , but the excellent [carrying out] of the routines make it well worth a gander .

After the execution of Xavier de Chavigny , the German High Command had taken over the house and gardens at St-Cloud and used the beautiful late-seventeenth-century mansion to quarter troops .
after the [carrying out] of xavier de chavigny , the german high command had taken over the house and gardens at st-cloud and used the beautiful late-seventeenth-century mansion to quarter troops .

Wilkins also pleaded guilty to assaulting a police officer in the execution of his duty , and Parratt to obstructing the police .
wilkins also pleaded guilty to assaulting a police officer in the [carrying out] of his duty , and parratt to obstructing the police .

It has two obvious drawbacks : first , it is time-consuming , which usually limits the design to a simple one for ease of repetition ; and second , every card is itself a unique ‘ performance ’ , allowing no paste-ups and no major blunders in execution .
it has two obvious drawbacks : first , it is time-consuming , which usually limits the design to a simple one for ease of repetition ; and second , every card is itself a unique ‘ performance ’ , allowing no paste-ups and no major blunders in [carrying out] .

Unfortunately , as is well known , a simple design leaves all elements within it exposed so the simpler the concept , the better the execution required to pull it off successfully .
unfortunately , as is well known , a simple design leaves all elements within it exposed so the simpler the concept , the better the [carrying out] required to pull it off successfully .

In execution of that policy it was proposed that a circular would be issued to all local authorities asking them to carry out a review of the curriculum in their areas in consultation with their schools and to report the results within about twelve months .
in [carrying out] of that policy it was proposed that a circular would be issued to all local authorities asking them to carry out a review of the curriculum in their areas in consultation with their schools and to report the results within about twelve months .

They are frequently directly responsible for its execution .
they are frequently directly responsible for its [carrying out] .

In contrast to the monasteries of the Middle Ages and the Baroque period as well as the 1930 's concept originally intended for execution the new abbey is not designed as an enclosed , homogenous complex .
in contrast to the monasteries of the middle ages and the baroque period as well as the 1930 's concept originally intended for [carrying out] the new abbey is not designed as an enclosed , homogenous complex .

It was a rainy day in May , so this ceremony was held in St Mary 's Church instead of in the open air at the place of execution .
it was a rainy day in may , so this ceremony was held in st mary 's church instead of in the open air at the place of [carrying out] .

Later he had little attraction for the Caroline Divines or the Oxford Movement , to tease whose members the Martyrs ' Memorial at Oxford was built in commemoration of the execution of Cranmer , Latimer and Ridley ; the consciences of Newman , Pusey and Keble were exquisitely tom as they tried to decide whether to subscribe and how their subscriptions to the Memorial Fund might be earmarked for the least heretical of the martyrs .
later he had little attraction for the caroline divines or the oxford movement , to tease whose members the martyrs ' memorial at oxford was built in commemoration of the [carrying out] of cranmer , latimer and ridley ; the consciences of newman , pusey and keble were exquisitely tom as they tried to decide whether to subscribe and how their subscriptions to the memorial fund might be earmarked for the least heretical of the martyrs .

Charles 's claim to be a martyr must largely depend on what ensued in the period of two and a half years between the end of the First Civil War and his execution .
charles 's claim to be a martyr must largely depend on what ensued in the period of two and a half years between the end of the first civil war and his [carrying out] .

The troops who lined the streets at his execution kept the spectators out of earshot , but on the platform were two clerks who took down the King 's last speech in shorthand and , somewhat surprisingly , it was published in the London newspapers . ‘ The people 's liberty and freedom ’ , he said ,
the troops who lined the streets at his [carrying out] kept the spectators out of earshot , but on the platform were two clerks who took down the king 's last speech in shorthand and , somewhat surprisingly , it was published in the london newspapers . ‘ the people 's liberty and freedom ’ , he said ,

Form ( where the form and execution of an element varies )
form ( where the form and [carrying out] of an element varies )

British army counter-insurgency specialists helped train the Presidential Guard in the Philippines , which had been accused of torture and summary execution of opposition activists .
british army counter-insurgency specialists helped train the presidential guard in the philippines , which had been accused of torture and summary [carrying out] of opposition activists .

The products of the repression trade may be of two types : equipment for torture , execution of those which result in ‘ cruel inhuman or degrading treatment ’ such as leg irons ; or equipment which can have an every day use , such as computers and telecommunications ( this category also includes items such as tear-gas and hand guns which can be used legitimately for law-enforcement or crime prevention ) .
the products of the repression trade may be of two types : equipment for torture , [carrying out] of those which result in ‘ cruel inhuman or degrading treatment ’ such as leg irons ; or equipment which can have an every day use , such as computers and telecommunications ( this category also includes items such as tear-gas and hand guns which can be used legitimately for law-enforcement or crime prevention ) .

The Bourequats lasted only a day on the run , and on their return to prison were forced to watch the execution of a guard .
the bourequats lasted only a day on the run , and on their return to prison were forced to watch the [carrying out] of a guard .

Gyalpo , a Buddhist monk in his 20s from the Drepung monastery in Lhasa , was killed by police forces in what appears to be an extra-judicial execution , when he was at the head of a peaceful demonstration in support of Tibetan independence on 10 December 1988 .
gyalpo , a buddhist monk in his 20s from the drepung monastery in lhasa , was killed by police forces in what appears to be an extra-judicial [carrying out] , when he was at the head of a peaceful demonstration in support of tibetan independence on 10 december 1988 .

But a bit like Harris ' execution , whose ugliness prompted calls for decent ‘ lethal injection ’ , it did n't work like that .
but a bit like harris ' [carrying out] , whose ugliness prompted calls for decent ‘ lethal injection ’ , it did n't work like that .

Soon a video of this execution may well be available and people will be able to pop it into their video machines every time they feel the need to have ‘ justice seen to be done ’ .
soon a video of this [carrying out] may well be available and people will be able to pop it into their video machines every time they feel the need to have ‘ justice seen to be done ’ .

This vertical fragmentation splits the conception of the job from its execution .
this vertical fragmentation splits the conception of the job from its [carrying out] .

While Marglin emphasises the way in which technology has been developed to meet the requirements of large-scale factory production , Braverman suggests that technological developments are also shaped by management 's desire to split conception from execution .
while marglin emphasises the way in which technology has been developed to meet the requirements of large-scale factory production , braverman suggests that technological developments are also shaped by management 's desire to split conception from [carrying out] .

Firstly , for the Tayloristic reasons discussed earlier in our exposition of Braverman , management is likely to fragment and de-skill tasks , splitting off conception from execution .
firstly , for the tayloristic reasons discussed earlier in our exposition of braverman , management is likely to fragment and de-skill tasks , splitting off conception from [carrying out] .

The explanation given for this splitting of conception from execution with large batch sizes was that ‘ the smaller the batch size is , the greater is the need for frequent conversion of machines to new tools , fixtures and parts programmes , and the less is machine-setting expertise differentiated from operating ’ ( Sorge et al .
the explanation given for this splitting of conception from [carrying out] with large batch sizes was that ‘ the smaller the batch size is , the greater is the need for frequent conversion of machines to new tools , fixtures and parts programmes , and the less is machine-setting expertise differentiated from operating ’ ( sorge et al .

The German companies distinguished less than the British ones between careers and departments for production management and production engineering , work planning and work execution functions .
the german companies distinguished less than the british ones between careers and departments for production management and production engineering , work planning and work [carrying out] functions .

That apart , from its shiny red spinner through the smooth tapering plywood-covered wings and fuselage to the tailplane-elevator assembly and simple but shapely fin and rudder , this aeroplane displays considerable thought in design and skill in execution .
that apart , from its shiny red spinner through the smooth tapering plywood-covered wings and fuselage to the tailplane-elevator assembly and simple but shapely fin and rudder , this aeroplane displays considerable thought in design and skill in [carrying out] .

On 1 June 1991 , the 51st anniversary of Antonescu 's execution , the Romanian parliament observed a minute of silence for its nation 's misjudged son .
on 1 june 1991 , the 51st anniversary of antonescu 's [carrying out] , the romanian parliament observed a minute of silence for its nation 's misjudged son .

1989 American radio stations ban Cat Stevens records following his support of Ayatollah Khomeini 's call for the execution of Satanic Verses author Salman Rushdie .
1989 american radio stations ban cat stevens records following his support of ayatollah khomeini 's call for the [carrying out] of satanic verses author salman rushdie .

, which is very similar to a warrant of execution in the county court .
, which is very similar to a warrant of [carrying out] in the county court .

If the execution is abortive , the creditor receives a bill from the sheriff 's officer for work done ( £15 to £35 ) , and should insist on a full report about the debtor .
if the [carrying out] is abortive , the creditor receives a bill from the sheriff 's officer for work done ( £15 to £35 ) , and should insist on a full report about the debtor .

Section 123 ( 1 ) confirms inability to pay if execution or other process issued on a judgment , decree or order of any court in favour of a creditor of the company is returned unsatisfied in whole or in part .
section 123 ( 1 ) confirms inability to pay if [carrying out] or other process issued on a judgment , decree or order of any court in favour of a creditor of the company is returned unsatisfied in whole or in part .

Warrant of execution
warrant of [carrying out]

Once the service copy of the summons has been properly served the principal summons with details of the execution of service must be returned to the court before the return day .
once the service copy of the summons has been properly served the principal summons with details of the [carrying out] of service must be returned to the court before the return day .

Even if he did not do so by personal choice , the execution would doubtless be ordered from Washington as a matter of course .
even if he did not do so by personal choice , the [carrying out] would doubtless be ordered from washington as a matter of course .

His loss has been felt as a great national calamity … assembled as we are in the execution of a Plan of great public Utility … .
his loss has been felt as a great national calamity … assembled as we are in the [carrying out] of a plan of great public utility … .

Less tenable even than that situation are those in which no policy exists and well-intentioned initiatives such as those described above or smoothly functioning inter-disciplinary networks succeed because of personnel rather than the execution of a statement of intent .
less tenable even than that situation are those in which no policy exists and well-intentioned initiatives such as those described above or smoothly functioning inter-disciplinary networks succeed because of personnel rather than the [carrying out] of a statement of intent .

The Cement Garden , by contrast , seems entirely professional in its execution , the work of a young man whose private demons , however unruly , have been successfully harnessed to a career .
the cement garden , by contrast , seems entirely professional in its [carrying out] , the work of a young man whose private demons , however unruly , have been successfully harnessed to a career .

Admittedly we can discern glimmerings of intelligent thought involving the location of sub-goals and the execution of sub-strategies , a grasp of ‘ causality ’ , perhaps even a grasp of the internal motivational states of others , as disclosed by their behaviour ; and some experimenters have even looked for signs of a sense of self , and even of intimation of mortality .
admittedly we can discern glimmerings of intelligent thought involving the location of sub-goals and the [carrying out] of sub-strategies , a grasp of ‘ causality ’ , perhaps even a grasp of the internal motivational states of others , as disclosed by their behaviour ; and some experimenters have even looked for signs of a sense of self , and even of intimation of mortality .

Brodsgaard , in his analysis of the ‘ Beijing Spring ’ , writes that the majority of posters publicised individual cases of wrongful imprisonment , execution , inappropriate class-labels and other detrimental treatment received at the hands of party organisations .
brodsgaard , in his analysis of the ‘ beijing spring ’ , writes that the majority of posters publicised individual cases of wrongful imprisonment , [carrying out] , inappropriate class-labels and other detrimental treatment received at the hands of party organisations .

With all three forms of the navigation command , execution results in updating the table pathitem defined earlier and , if successful , making the object found the current item .
with all three forms of the navigation command , [carrying out] results in updating the table pathitem defined earlier and , if successful , making the object found the current item .

At the very least , he is hoping for a stay of execution to keep the project rolling — and jobs safe — for at least a year .
at the very least , he is hoping for a stay of [carrying out] to keep the project rolling — and jobs safe — for at least a year .

Joseph McCracken , from Mountain Ash , Mid-Glamorgan , could face execution if convicted of killing Morgan Oliver .
joseph mccracken , from mountain ash , mid-glamorgan , could face [carrying out] if convicted of killing morgan oliver .

Palace lacked the speed of thought , the wit and the crisp execution that their boss displayed in his post-match press conference .
palace lacked the speed of thought , the wit and the crisp [carrying out] that their boss displayed in his post-match press conference .

Lieutenant John Tenwolde , of San Diego police confirmed all four were shot in the head once ‘ execution style ’ .
lieutenant john tenwolde , of san diego police confirmed all four were shot in the head once ‘ [carrying out] style ’ .

when directed so to do by the police constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the execution of his duty .
when directed so to do by the police constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the [carrying out] of his duty .

‘ when directed to do so by the police constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the execution of his duty ’ .
‘ when directed to do so by the police constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the [carrying out] of his duty ’ .

‘ when directed so to do by the police constable or the traffic warden ) in the execution of his duty ’ .
‘ when directed so to do by the police constable or the traffic warden ) in the [carrying out] of his duty ’ .

The offence of obstructing the police under section 51 Of the Police Act 1964 may be appropriate where the accused deliberately obstructs the police in the execution of their duty .
the offence of obstructing the police under section 51 of the police act 1964 may be appropriate where the accused deliberately obstructs the police in the [carrying out] of their duty .

in contravention of a direction to stop given by the constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the execution of his duty .
in contravention of a direction to stop given by the constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the [carrying out] of his duty .

‘ in contravention of a direction to stop given by the constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the execution of his duty ’ .
‘ in contravention of a direction to stop given by the constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the [carrying out] of his duty ’ .

‘ in contravention of a direction to stop given by the constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the execution of his duty ’ .
‘ in contravention of a direction to stop given by the constable ( or the traffic warden ) in the [carrying out] of his duty ’ .

in the execution of his duty .
in the [carrying out] of his duty .

‘ in the execution of his duty ’ Means duties connected with protecting life and property , preventing and detecting crime and keeping the peace .
‘ in the [carrying out] of his duty ’ means duties connected with protecting life and property , preventing and detecting crime and keeping the peace .

‘ in the execution of his duty ’ .
‘ in the [carrying out] of his duty ’ .

acting in the execution of his duty .
acting in the [carrying out] of his duty .

Mark indicates that the crowd at this stage recognised Jesus as Messiah but by the end of the week they had changed their minds and were calling for his execution .
mark indicates that the crowd at this stage recognised jesus as messiah but by the end of the week they had changed their minds and were calling for his [carrying out] .

execution on a feast day was impossible in Jewish Law .
[carrying out] on a feast day was impossible in jewish law .

Luke even hints that the Romans did not carry out the execution of Jesus but that the responsibility was that of the Jews ( Luke 23:25–26 ) . )
luke even hints that the romans did not carry out the [carrying out] of jesus but that the responsibility was that of the jews ( luke 23:25–26 ) . )

Mark and Matthew record that , when the execution party arrived at Golgotha , Jesus was offered ‘ wine mixed with myrrh ’ .
mark and matthew record that , when the [carrying out] party arrived at golgotha , jesus was offered ‘ wine mixed with myrrh ’ .

the Jewish leaders who had secured his execution ;
the jewish leaders who had secured his [carrying out] ;

19 : Heseltine promises inquiry and 90-day stay of execution for 21 pits .
19 : heseltine promises inquiry and 90-day stay of [carrying out] for 21 pits .

After watching the execution — shared by five marksmen — and hearing the tributes , United boss Ferguson made no title pledges .
after watching the [carrying out] — shared by five marksmen — and hearing the tributes , united boss ferguson made no title pledges .

The 20-year-old from St Helens scored five goals in four games to put City back on course and the two at Goodison were among the best seen anywhere this year. , both the products of nerveless execution .
the 20-year-old from st helens scored five goals in four games to put city back on course and the two at goodison were among the best seen anywhere this year. , both the products of nerveless [carrying out] .

Execution is a process involving signature and unconditional delivery of the instrument , delivery requiring the use of acts or words sufficient to show that the person intends it to bind him as a deed .
[carrying out] is a process involving signature and unconditional delivery of the instrument , delivery requiring the use of acts or words sufficient to show that the person intends it to bind him as a deed .

Willis described the elements of the culture of the shop floor as being hinged around the execution of hard work .
willis described the elements of the culture of the shop floor as being hinged around the [carrying out] of hard work .

If we compare much of contemporary task execution with primitive work , such as hunting , the whole tasks are obvious in the sense that discretion has to be used to ensure the death of the quarry and the result is manifest .
if we compare much of contemporary task [carrying out] with primitive work , such as hunting , the whole tasks are obvious in the sense that discretion has to be used to ensure the death of the quarry and the result is manifest .

’ But what is really relevant is to state that against Ireland they played absolutely the right sort of game and they played it with utter conviction and quite brilliant execution .
’ but what is really relevant is to state that against ireland they played absolutely the right sort of game and they played it with utter conviction and quite brilliant [carrying out] .

Carjack then execution as the terrifying craze sinks to new depths
carjack then [carrying out] as the terrifying craze sinks to new depths

She went as if to her execution .
she went as if to her [carrying out] .

If the human element is crucial to the execution of computer abuse , it follows that a strong , constructive personnel management policy can provide a very powerful internal control and deterrent .
if the human element is crucial to the [carrying out] of computer abuse , it follows that a strong , constructive personnel management policy can provide a very powerful internal control and deterrent .

Henry gave Lewes Priory to the minister responsible for the dissolution , Thomas Cromwell , who used what remained of his life before his execution for treason in 1540 to pull down as much of the buildings as possible .
henry gave lewes priory to the minister responsible for the dissolution , thomas cromwell , who used what remained of his life before his [carrying out] for treason in 1540 to pull down as much of the buildings as possible .

Just as plainly effective were Danny and Wiston ; different though they were in minor detail and execution , they all shared that plain symmetry and order which the Tudor gentry sought to give to a turbulent society .
just as plainly effective were danny and wiston ; different though they were in minor detail and [carrying out] , they all shared that plain symmetry and order which the tudor gentry sought to give to a turbulent society .

‘ This Government has been pursuing an energy strategy that was wrong in conception and incompetent in execution . ’
‘ this government has been pursuing an energy strategy that was wrong in conception and incompetent in [carrying out] . ’

His opposition to capital punishment , on the other hand , does not seem to fit very well with the principle of symbolic representation — the public execution of murderers appears to satisfy all his requirements .
his opposition to capital punishment , on the other hand , does not seem to fit very well with the principle of symbolic representation — the public [carrying out] of murderers appears to satisfy all his requirements .

( c ) Continuity and solidarity between the different practical divisions of social defence from the judiciary police to sentence and execution .
( c ) continuity and solidarity between the different practical divisions of social defence from the judiciary police to sentence and [carrying out] .

At their first meeting his innuendo on such words as ‘ fight ’ , ‘ tame ’ , ‘ deeds ’ , ‘ activity ’ ( III.ii.39–59 ) seems to be contagious , for in an encounter unique in Shakespeare two lovers who have previously spoken verse actually descend to prose for their first conversation , to exchange bawdy double meanings on words like ‘ monster ’ , ‘ monstrous ’ , ‘ will ’ , ‘ execution ’ , ‘ act ’ , and ‘ performance ’ ( 62–99 ) .
at their first meeting his innuendo on such words as ‘ fight ’ , ‘ tame ’ , ‘ deeds ’ , ‘ activity ’ ( iii.ii.39–59 ) seems to be contagious , for in an encounter unique in shakespeare two lovers who have previously spoken verse actually descend to prose for their first conversation , to exchange bawdy double meanings on words like ‘ monster ’ , ‘ monstrous ’ , ‘ will ’ , ‘ [carrying out] ’ , ‘ act ’ , and ‘ performance ’ ( 62–99 ) .

The supposed division between ‘ general policy ’ as a matter for the Minister , and ‘ detailed execution ’ as a matter for the Boards — which was implicit in much earlier discussion of the public corporation — proved in practice to be meaningless .
the supposed division between ‘ general policy ’ as a matter for the minister , and ‘ detailed [carrying out] ’ as a matter for the boards — which was implicit in much earlier discussion of the public corporation — proved in practice to be meaningless .

The whole bias of the leading engineers and managers in the industry was , of course , to maintain their independence both in the development of policy and in its execution .
the whole bias of the leading engineers and managers in the industry was , of course , to maintain their independence both in the development of policy and in its [carrying out] .

That is an uncomfortably close date for a power-broker ; and his opponents have noted that the threat of political execution seems to be concentrating his mind wonderfully .
that is an uncomfortably close date for a power-broker ; and his opponents have noted that the threat of political [carrying out] seems to be concentrating his mind wonderfully .

Putting it the other way round : there is no problem about how the execution of an order is ‘ foreshadowed ’ in the order .
putting it the other way round : there is no problem about how the [carrying out] of an order is ‘ foreshadowed ’ in the order .

In knowing that something is an order one knows all there is to know about its relation to its execution .
in knowing that something is an order one knows all there is to know about its relation to its [carrying out] .

There is no mysterious ‘ intentional in-existence ’ , of the execution in the order , to unfathom .
there is no mysterious ‘ intentional in-existence ’ , of the [carrying out] in the order , to unfathom .

The process revealed no underdrawing although the life-size X-ray plates , now on temporary exhibition in the Salle des Fetes , show a large number of changes during the execution of the picture .
the process revealed no underdrawing although the life-size x-ray plates , now on temporary exhibition in the salle des fetes , show a large number of changes during the [carrying out] of the picture .

Essentially a poor and itinerant community — cattle traders , pedlars , travelling salesmen — some of the objects demonstrate surprising contact with the mainstream of European history , such as the broadsheet report of the trial and execution of Marie Antoinette , translated into Yiddish in 1792 .
essentially a poor and itinerant community — cattle traders , pedlars , travelling salesmen — some of the objects demonstrate surprising contact with the mainstream of european history , such as the broadsheet report of the trial and [carrying out] of marie antoinette , translated into yiddish in 1792 .

Hot-footing across town to the Knitting Factory , we see the Lower East Side 's cosiest rabbit hutch temporarily transformed into the Hampstead White Horse of beloved memory , courtesy of Moonshake , Th' Faith Healers and Stereolab in a Too Pure block vote of daunting capability and , in the cast of Th' Healers , unprecedented execution .
hot-footing across town to the knitting factory , we see the lower east side 's cosiest rabbit hutch temporarily transformed into the hampstead white horse of beloved memory , courtesy of moonshake , th' faith healers and stereolab in a too pure block vote of daunting capability and , in the cast of th' healers , unprecedented [carrying out] .

Joni records that , at their first meeting , ‘ after an endless stream of compliments on the execution of my work ’ , Berenson , who had purchased from Torrini an ‘ Alberto Aringhieri in prayer ’ ( fig.2 ) inspired by Pinturicchio 's celebrated fresco in Siena cathedral , ‘ singled out the Aringhieri for special praise , saying that he found it more skilfully done even than the original , which he had been to see and examined just before coming to my studio ’ .
joni records that , at their first meeting , ‘ after an endless stream of compliments on the [carrying out] of my work ’ , berenson , who had purchased from torrini an ‘ alberto aringhieri in prayer ’ ( fig.2 ) inspired by pinturicchio 's celebrated fresco in siena cathedral , ‘ singled out the aringhieri for special praise , saying that he found it more skilfully done even than the original , which he had been to see and examined just before coming to my studio ’ .

Of the Italian drawings , a newly discovered Perino del Vaga pen and wash study of ‘ Psyche borne on a litter to her marriage festivities ’ , a study for a fresco at the Castel Sant' Angelo , Rome , sold for $34,000 ( £21,250 ; est. $20,000–25,000 ) ; a rare Guercino oiled charcoal academie of a male nude was sold under estimate for $100,000 ( £62,500 ; est. $120,000–150,000 ) ; and the badly-faded Domenico Tiepolo ‘ Scene of Execution ’ made a remarkable $72,500 ( £45,300 ; est. $40,000–60,000 ) .
of the italian drawings , a newly discovered perino del vaga pen and wash study of ‘ psyche borne on a litter to her marriage festivities ’ , a study for a fresco at the castel sant' angelo , rome , sold for $34,000 ( £21,250 ; est. $20,000–25,000 ) ; a rare guercino oiled charcoal academie of a male nude was sold under estimate for $100,000 ( £62,500 ; est. $120,000–150,000 ) ; and the badly-faded domenico tiepolo ‘ scene of [carrying out] ’ made a remarkable $72,500 ( £45,300 ; est. $40,000–60,000 ) .

Residencies and placements can take several forms : in schools , hospitals and factories and other institutions the artist might divide time between personal work and teaching , demonstrating or consultation ; the concept of transplanting the studio can also be adapted to other venues , for example an arts centre or library ; working on a public commission or community project the artist would aim to involve others in the planning and execution of the idea .
residencies and placements can take several forms : in schools , hospitals and factories and other institutions the artist might divide time between personal work and teaching , demonstrating or consultation ; the concept of transplanting the studio can also be adapted to other venues , for example an arts centre or library ; working on a public commission or community project the artist would aim to involve others in the planning and [carrying out] of the idea .

From his later writings it is obvious that he was quite fascinated by the entire operation and its execution .
from his later writings it is obvious that he was quite fascinated by the entire operation and its [carrying out] .

This infamous attack , which in planning and execution remains brilliant , sealed the fate for the Japanese which culminated at Hiroshima .
this infamous attack , which in planning and [carrying out] remains brilliant , sealed the fate for the japanese which culminated at hiroshima .

The execution … of the Saviour 's plan required the prudent application of wise and well-judged measures so as not to injure private property , not to disturb civil order , not to expose Christianity to the scandal of sedition , not to obscure the glory of a Kingdom not of this world .
the [carrying out] … of the saviour 's plan required the prudent application of wise and well-judged measures so as not to injure private property , not to disturb civil order , not to expose christianity to the scandal of sedition , not to obscure the glory of a kingdom not of this world .

Within the framework of the activities of the African Institution Stephen and Zachary Macaulay had a considerable impact on the formulation of legislation and policy for the suppression of the slave trade and its execution .
within the framework of the activities of the african institution stephen and zachary macaulay had a considerable impact on the formulation of legislation and policy for the suppression of the slave trade and its [carrying out] .

In the Soviet-type Communist system … theoretically the trade unions are an independent organisation , not a Party or state organisation , and no one is allowed to interfere in their activities and to impose decisions upon them … Actually , the trade unions are subordinate to the Party and have to ensure the execution of assigned tasks .
in the soviet-type communist system … theoretically the trade unions are an independent organisation , not a party or state organisation , and no one is allowed to interfere in their activities and to impose decisions upon them … actually , the trade unions are subordinate to the party and have to ensure the [carrying out] of assigned tasks .

Their hopes for a reconciliation were especially high after the death of Catherine of Aragon in January 1536 and the execution of Anne Boleyn several months later .
their hopes for a reconciliation were especially high after the death of catherine of aragon in january 1536 and the [carrying out] of anne boleyn several months later .

Their true intentions were revealed by their promotion of the 1536 Act Extinguishing the Authority of the Bishop of Rome ; by their dissolution of the smaller monasteries ; and by their execution of prominent opponents of their policy , such as Sir Thomas More , Bishop John Fisher , and the London Carthusians .
their true intentions were revealed by their promotion of the 1536 act extinguishing the authority of the bishop of rome ; by their dissolution of the smaller monasteries ; and by their [carrying out] of prominent opponents of their policy , such as sir thomas more , bishop john fisher , and the london carthusians .

Following the signing of the Cessation Treaty between Charles and the Irish rebels in September 1643 , large numbers of Irish Catholics crossed to England to join Charles 's royalist army , despite the fact that they faced summary execution if captured by parliament .
following the signing of the cessation treaty between charles and the irish rebels in september 1643 , large numbers of irish catholics crossed to england to join charles 's royalist army , despite the fact that they faced summary [carrying out] if captured by parliament .

The Gallipoli campaign was a daring , imaginative scheme , thrown away , as Field Marshal Montgomery was to write , ‘ because of every conceivable mistake in its execution by the commanders ’ .
the gallipoli campaign was a daring , imaginative scheme , thrown away , as field marshal montgomery was to write , ‘ because of every conceivable mistake in its [carrying out] by the commanders ’ .

The desperate creature immediately spread itself flat on the back of the broom with its eyes glued shut as if awaiting execution .
the desperate creature immediately spread itself flat on the back of the broom with its eyes glued shut as if awaiting [carrying out] .

6.4 This agreement shall be interpreted according to English Law without regard to the place of its physical execution
6.4 this agreement shall be interpreted according to english law without regard to the place of its physical [carrying out]

6.6 Insofar as this Agreement is less restrictive or onerous on the recipient Party in respect of the disclosure or use of any particular information than any undertaking given by the recipient Party prior to the execution of this Agreement in respect of the same information , such information shall to such extent be deemed to have been superseded by this Agreement .
6.6 insofar as this agreement is less restrictive or onerous on the recipient party in respect of the disclosure or use of any particular information than any undertaking given by the recipient party prior to the [carrying out] of this agreement in respect of the same information , such information shall to such extent be deemed to have been superseded by this agreement .

8.1 In the event that the Secretary of State shall reject the Proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed Party in the Project or if the Grant Offer Letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the Parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the Project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the Proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each Party shall be entitled to require each other Party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all Technical Information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the Proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other Parties or any of its Related companies .
8.1 in the event that the secretary of state shall reject the proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed party in the project or if the grant offer letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the parties within six months of the date of [carrying out] hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each party shall be entitled to require each other party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all technical information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other parties or any of its related companies .

will deliver the Converted Text of the Work to no later than 30 days after the execution of this contract and will be deemed to have accepted the Converted Text of the Work within 30 days after the date of delivery , unless is notified to the contrary .
will deliver the converted text of the work to no later than 30 days after the [carrying out] of this contract and will be deemed to have accepted the converted text of the work within 30 days after the date of delivery , unless is notified to the contrary .

5.3.1.1 the sum of three thousand three hundred dollars ( $3,300 ) upon execution of this Agreement 5.3.1.2 the further sum of three thousand three hundred dollars ( $3,300 ) upon 's acceptance ( the acceptance date ) of the Converted Text of the Work in accordance with clause 2 , and 5.3.1.3 the further sum of three thousand four hundred dollars ( $3,400 ) upon 's first sale of a Licensed Product or on the expiry of 1 year from the Acceptance Date , this aggregate sum of ten thousand dollars ( $10,000 ) to be treated as an advance on the sums due under clause 5.3.2 below ( ‘ the Advance ’ )
5.3.1.1 the sum of three thousand three hundred dollars ( $3,300 ) upon [carrying out] of this agreement 5.3.1.2 the further sum of three thousand three hundred dollars ( $3,300 ) upon 's acceptance ( the acceptance date ) of the converted text of the work in accordance with clause 2 , and 5.3.1.3 the further sum of three thousand four hundred dollars ( $3,400 ) upon 's first sale of a licensed product or on the expiry of 1 year from the acceptance date , this aggregate sum of ten thousand dollars ( $10,000 ) to be treated as an advance on the sums due under clause 5.3.2 below ( ‘ the advance ’ )

11.1.2 either party suffers distress or execution , commits an act of bankruptcy , goes or is put into liquidation ( otherwise than solely for the purpose of solvent amalgamation or reconstruction ) , or seeks any form of protection against its creditors from any competent Court or tribunal ,
11.1.2 either party suffers distress or [carrying out] , commits an act of bankruptcy , goes or is put into liquidation ( otherwise than solely for the purpose of solvent amalgamation or reconstruction ) , or seeks any form of protection against its creditors from any competent court or tribunal ,

This agreement shall be interpreted according to English Law without regard to the place of its physical execution
this agreement shall be interpreted according to english law without regard to the place of its physical [carrying out]

Irvine , California-based , Rainbow Technologies Inc has launched MicroSentinel/UX , an execution control device that allows developers to control the distribution and access to their software programmes without interfering with the application .
irvine , california-based , rainbow technologies inc has launched microsentinel/ux , an [carrying out] control device that allows developers to control the distribution and access to their software programmes without interfering with the application .

The last mass execution of political prisoners took place in the second half of 1988 , when at least 2500 political prisoners were executed in prisons throughout Iran .
the last mass [carrying out] of political prisoners took place in the second half of 1988 , when at least 2500 political prisoners were executed in prisons throughout iran .

The proposal would prohibit large protests such as those staged this year outside the Iranian embassy , against the execution of opponents of the regime ; outside the Turkish embassy , over the oppression of the Kurds ; and outside the Chinese embassy , over the Tiananmen Square massacre .
the proposal would prohibit large protests such as those staged this year outside the iranian embassy , against the [carrying out] of opponents of the regime ; outside the turkish embassy , over the oppression of the kurds ; and outside the chinese embassy , over the tiananmen square massacre .

Indian survivors abandoned traditional dress to avoid summary execution and stopped using indigenous languages in public .
indian survivors abandoned traditional dress to avoid summary [carrying out] and stopped using indigenous languages in public .

On letters written on typewriters made from old toothbrushes and elastic bands , prisoners facing death tell their correspondents of daily life in the jail , of the regulations , of the procedure before an execution is carried out , of how their cell light shudder under the strain when someone is electrocuted in the chair .
on letters written on typewriters made from old toothbrushes and elastic bands , prisoners facing death tell their correspondents of daily life in the jail , of the regulations , of the procedure before an [carrying out] is carried out , of how their cell light shudder under the strain when someone is electrocuted in the chair .

The Regional Research Program Coordinator will work closely with national agricultural research programs of Iraq , Jordan and Syria — the Mashreq countries — to implement the Mashreq Project , an effort jointly funded by the United Nations Development Program and the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development , involving research , training and technology transfer to increase productivity of barley , pastures and livestock production in low rainfall areas . Position has overall responsibility for execution of the Mashreq Program including :
the regional research program coordinator will work closely with national agricultural research programs of iraq , jordan and syria — the mashreq countries — to implement the mashreq project , an effort jointly funded by the united nations development program and the arab fund for economic and social development , involving research , training and technology transfer to increase productivity of barley , pastures and livestock production in low rainfall areas . position has overall responsibility for [carrying out] of the mashreq program including :

The appointment will be made at Study Director level and as such carries responsibilities for planning , negotiation , execution and reporting of these studies .
the appointment will be made at study director level and as such carries responsibilities for planning , negotiation , [carrying out] and reporting of these studies .

He is allegedly being held in a secret location in Riyadh where it is feared he is at risk of torture and execution .
he is allegedly being held in a secret location in riyadh where it is feared he is at risk of torture and [carrying out] .

At the time the Tunisian Government stated that this execution was an exception , carried out because of the particularly heinous nature of the crime .
at the time the tunisian government stated that this [carrying out] was an exception , carried out because of the particularly heinous nature of the crime .

In 1985 the Supreme Court granted a stay of execution 20 minutes before the execution was due to be carried out ; a second reprieve came four months later .
in 1985 the supreme court granted a stay of [carrying out] 20 minutes before the [carrying out] was due to be carried out ; a second reprieve came four months later .

The execution of juvenile offenders is extremely rare and at least 72 countries set 18 as the minimum age for the death penalty .
the [carrying out] of juvenile offenders is extremely rare and at least 72 countries set 18 as the minimum age for the death penalty .

Colleagues fear her killing was an extrajudicial execution carried out by the security forces .
colleagues fear her killing was an extrajudicial [carrying out] carried out by the security forces .

In many areas the revolution was accompanied by the summary execution of the local ruling class — landowners , caciques , police and priests .
in many areas the revolution was accompanied by the summary [carrying out] of the local ruling class — landowners , caciques , police and priests .

High up on a wrought-plasteel balcony he posed implacably , beholding the execution by Fists of an unending stream of aliens and heretics .
high up on a wrought-plasteel balcony he posed implacably , beholding the [carrying out] by fists of an unending stream of aliens and heretics .

In any event at any time prior to the execution of a binding sub-contract agreement , either the employer or the contractor may add additional sub-contractors to the list .
in any event at any time prior to the [carrying out] of a binding sub-contract agreement , either the employer or the contractor may add additional sub-contractors to the list .

For example , the quality , repetition within or between tasks , working environment , relationship with other trades , and the method of execution of the work .
for example , the quality , repetition within or between tasks , working environment , relationship with other trades , and the method of [carrying out] of the work .

‘ An execution .
‘ an [carrying out] .

The United States Pomerene Act , provided that if the goods were delivered to a common carrier by their owner or by the owner 's agent , once an order bill of lading was issued , the goods could not be attached or levied upon , under an execution , unless the bill was first surrendered to the carrier , or its negotiation was enjoined .
the united states pomerene act , provided that if the goods were delivered to a common carrier by their owner or by the owner 's agent , once an order bill of lading was issued , the goods could not be attached or levied upon , under an [carrying out] , unless the bill was first surrendered to the carrier , or its negotiation was enjoined .

The officer told the defendant three times that he considered two pickets at each entrance were sufficient but the defendant , persisting in his intention to join the pickets , ‘ pushed gently past ’ the police officer , ‘ was gently arrested ’ , and was charged with obstructing the police in execution of their duty .
the officer told the defendant three times that he considered two pickets at each entrance were sufficient but the defendant , persisting in his intention to join the pickets , ‘ pushed gently past ’ the police officer , ‘ was gently arrested ’ , and was charged with obstructing the police in [carrying out] of their duty .

The defendant was involved in a scuffle with a constable and was successfully charged with obstructing him in the execution of his duty .
the defendant was involved in a scuffle with a constable and was successfully charged with obstructing him in the [carrying out] of his duty .

Design and execution throughout are of the highest quality ; but while the artist of west and south is an untroubled archaic , the other is in the van of those whose innovations were to lead to the classical revolution .
design and [carrying out] throughout are of the highest quality ; but while the artist of west and south is an untroubled archaic , the other is in the van of those whose innovations were to lead to the classical revolution .

The execution is elaborate almost to the point of fussiness or mannerism , in strange contrast to the bold strength of form and movement .
the [carrying out] is elaborate almost to the point of fussiness or mannerism , in strange contrast to the bold strength of form and movement .

These groups are wholes , within which most figures can not be detached either in execution or design from the others .
these groups are wholes , within which most figures can not be detached either in [carrying out] or design from the others .

Is its status then a matter of its superlative material execution ?
is its status then a matter of its superlative material [carrying out] ?

Now of course distinctions between works in the various practices , in terms of the quality of their professional execution or , more generally , of some wider values , are normal and inevitable .
now of course distinctions between works in the various practices , in terms of the quality of their professional [carrying out] or , more generally , of some wider values , are normal and inevitable .

It may be too great a temptation to human frailty , apt to grasp at power , for the same persons who have the power of making laws , to have also in their hands the power to execute them , whereby they may exempt themselves from obedience to the laws they make , and suit the law , both in its making and execution , to their own private advantage .
it may be too great a temptation to human frailty , apt to grasp at power , for the same persons who have the power of making laws , to have also in their hands the power to execute them , whereby they may exempt themselves from obedience to the laws they make , and suit the law , both in its making and [carrying out] , to their own private advantage .

That the pretended power of suspending of Lawes or the execution of Lawes by Regall Authority without Consent of Parliament is illegall .
that the pretended power of suspending of lawes or the [carrying out] of lawes by regall authority without consent of parliament is illegall .

That the pretended power of dispensing with lawes or the Execution of lawes by regall authority as it has been assumed and exercised of late is illegall .
that the pretended power of dispensing with lawes or the [carrying out] of lawes by regall authority as it has been assumed and exercised of late is illegall .

The execution of a deed on behalf of the firm .
the [carrying out] of a deed on behalf of the firm .

no other proceedings , or execution or other legal process may be commenced or continued , and no distress may be levied against the company or its property except with the leave of the court and subject to such terms as the court may impose .
no other proceedings , or [carrying out] or other legal process may be commenced or continued , and no distress may be levied against the company or its property except with the leave of the court and subject to such terms as the court may impose .

no other proceedings , and no execution or other legal process may be commenced or continued , and no distress may be levied against the company or its property except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court imposes ;
no other proceedings , and no [carrying out] or other legal process may be commenced or continued , and no distress may be levied against the company or its property except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the court and subject ( where the court gives leave ) to such terms as the court imposes ;

a creditor has judgment for a debt , execution of which is unsatisfied ; ( c ) the court is satisfied that the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due ; ( d ) the court is satisfied that the value of the company 's assets is less than the amount of its liabilities .
a creditor has judgment for a debt , [carrying out] of which is unsatisfied ; ( c ) the court is satisfied that the company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due ; ( d ) the court is satisfied that the value of the company 's assets is less than the amount of its liabilities .

Any execution of judgment against company property is void .
any [carrying out] of judgment against company property is void .

Where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty execution of any work of construction , maintenance or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier , the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps ( if any ) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done .
where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty [carrying out] of any work of construction , maintenance or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier , the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps ( if any ) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done .

Through the emergence of the arts and crafts movement , Morris succeeded in establishing a craft tradition in which the individual could retain some control over every stage of manufacture from design to execution , and thereby gain a far more satisfactory relationship with the product .
through the emergence of the arts and crafts movement , morris succeeded in establishing a craft tradition in which the individual could retain some control over every stage of manufacture from design to [carrying out] , and thereby gain a far more satisfactory relationship with the product .

He assumes that his family is not only as old as the hills , but rather more structural , and that nature , although on the whole a good idea — ‘ a little low , perhaps , when not enclosed with a park-fence ’ — is none the less ‘ dependent for its execution on your great county families ’ .
he assumes that his family is not only as old as the hills , but rather more structural , and that nature , although on the whole a good idea — ‘ a little low , perhaps , when not enclosed with a park-fence ’ — is none the less ‘ dependent for its [carrying out] on your great county families ’ .

It is these large-scale ‘ improvements ’ of the countryside that later lead Sir Leicester to assume that nature is dependent for its execution on great county families .
it is these large-scale ‘ improvements ’ of the countryside that later lead sir leicester to assume that nature is dependent for its [carrying out] on great county families .

It had something of the squeals of the boar beneath our house a few hours earlier , whose execution we had paid for , but declined to witness .
it had something of the squeals of the boar beneath our house a few hours earlier , whose [carrying out] we had paid for , but declined to witness .

It had been used more recently as well , during the Darul Islam revolutionary uprisings of the 1960s , when the bodies of execution victims were flung into the cave .
it had been used more recently as well , during the darul islam revolutionary uprisings of the 1960s , when the bodies of [carrying out] victims were flung into the cave .

He was a writer of the fidgety , costive kind whose works are long in the planning , and meticulous in the execution — only at the very end of a project , when the scaffolding , the foundations , the walls and roof and even the plaster were laid down , did spontaneity and delight take over , in the actual play of , play with , words themselves .
he was a writer of the fidgety , costive kind whose works are long in the planning , and meticulous in the [carrying out] — only at the very end of a project , when the scaffolding , the foundations , the walls and roof and even the plaster were laid down , did spontaneity and delight take over , in the actual play of , play with , words themselves .

Some have seen apraxia as primarily a defect of execution , others have considered the problem to be one of planning or of conceptual organisation .
some have seen apraxia as primarily a defect of [carrying out] , others have considered the problem to be one of planning or of conceptual organisation .

The clinical literature , then , suggests that in the execution of certain types of movement or sequences of movement the left hemisphere is implicated to a greater extent than the right hemisphere .
the clinical literature , then , suggests that in the [carrying out] of certain types of movement or sequences of movement the left hemisphere is implicated to a greater extent than the right hemisphere .

However , there is evidence from hearing subjects that aphasia-producing lesions of the left hemisphere are associated with defects not just of execution but of comprehension of manual symbolic gestures ( Gainotti and Lemmo , 1976 ; Seron , Van der Kaa , Remitz and Van der Linden , 1979 ) .
however , there is evidence from hearing subjects that aphasia-producing lesions of the left hemisphere are associated with defects not just of [carrying out] but of comprehension of manual symbolic gestures ( gainotti and lemmo , 1976 ; seron , van der kaa , remitz and van der linden , 1979 ) .

Joseph Usher , Tace 's hero , had hidden himself in a chamber of the mine but had been driven out by hunger and thirst and , having given himself up , been taken away to trial and execution .
joseph usher , tace 's hero , had hidden himself in a chamber of the mine but had been driven out by hunger and thirst and , having given himself up , been taken away to trial and [carrying out] .

The reasons for this phenomenon are varied : the tightening bonds of serfdom and the greater degree of social regimentation introduced by Peter the Great meant that a number of previously innocent practices ( tree-felling , salt-gathering , trespass , begging , vagrancy , and so on ) were criminalized and punished with hard labour and exile ; popular protest against the proliferating powers of the state in the form of minor revolts , mass insurgencies ( for example , Bulavin , Pugachev ) , large-scale banditry and escalating rates of petty crime were similarly dealt with ; the abolition of capital punishment for criminal offences in 1753 led to its replacement with ‘ civil execution ’ ( public flogging and mutilation followed by perpetual katorga ) ; and laws passed in 1766 and 1769 changed the usual place of penal servitude from Rogervik and other locations in European Russia to the silver mines and factories around Nerchinsk .
the reasons for this phenomenon are varied : the tightening bonds of serfdom and the greater degree of social regimentation introduced by peter the great meant that a number of previously innocent practices ( tree-felling , salt-gathering , trespass , begging , vagrancy , and so on ) were criminalized and punished with hard labour and exile ; popular protest against the proliferating powers of the state in the form of minor revolts , mass insurgencies ( for example , bulavin , pugachev ) , large-scale banditry and escalating rates of petty crime were similarly dealt with ; the abolition of capital punishment for criminal offences in 1753 led to its replacement with ‘ civil [carrying out] ’ ( public flogging and mutilation followed by perpetual katorga ) ; and laws passed in 1766 and 1769 changed the usual place of penal servitude from rogervik and other locations in european russia to the silver mines and factories around nerchinsk .

Part of his technique for staying in power has been to ensure that all the people closest to him get their hands bloody by sharing in the hangman 's work ; he calls it ‘ democratic execution ’
part of his technique for staying in power has been to ensure that all the people closest to him get their hands bloody by sharing in the hangman 's work ; he calls it ‘ democratic [carrying out] ’

Each class needs and cooperates with the other since any large-scale task requires both organization and execution .
each class needs and cooperates with the other since any large-scale task requires both organization and [carrying out] .

The management of housing stock can have wide-ranging social implications , and , in their interpretation and execution of national and local housing policies , local authority housing officers may become key figures in social policy in one of the key areas of people 's lives .
the management of housing stock can have wide-ranging social implications , and , in their interpretation and [carrying out] of national and local housing policies , local authority housing officers may become key figures in social policy in one of the key areas of people 's lives .

As an integral condition of democracy at work and beyond , the progressive reduction of social hierarchy in the division of labour , whether this hierarchy is thought in terms of mental/manual labour ( Poulantzas ) , function of capital/function of labour ( Carchedi ) , ‘ conception ’ versus ‘ execution ’ ( Braverman ) , or in some other way .
as an integral condition of democracy at work and beyond , the progressive reduction of social hierarchy in the division of labour , whether this hierarchy is thought in terms of mental/manual labour ( poulantzas ) , function of capital/function of labour ( carchedi ) , ‘ conception ’ versus ‘ [carrying out] ’ ( braverman ) , or in some other way .

In Braverman 's analysis , this ‘ separation of the intellectual faculties of the production process from manual labour ’ , or division between ‘ conception ’ and ‘ execution ’ , is taken as the fundamental and enduring feature of the capitalist division of labour .
in braverman 's analysis , this ‘ separation of the intellectual faculties of the production process from manual labour ’ , or division between ‘ conception ’ and ‘ [carrying out] ’ , is taken as the fundamental and enduring feature of the capitalist division of labour .

Most of Marx 's comments on the division of labour are concerned with industrial production , but Braverman sets out to show that the capitalist division of labour between ‘ conception ’ and ‘ execution ’ is to be found equally in routine clerical work and in fact within any developed capitalist enterprise .
most of marx 's comments on the division of labour are concerned with industrial production , but braverman sets out to show that the capitalist division of labour between ‘ conception ’ and ‘ [carrying out] ’ is to be found equally in routine clerical work and in fact within any developed capitalist enterprise .

Within the ‘ middle class ’ zones of owner-occupation of housing , politically active people tended to see politics as an arena for establishing the broad outlines of policy ; the ‘ details ’ of execution of policy could be left to suitably qualified experts and were not really the business of politics .
within the ‘ middle class ’ zones of owner-occupation of housing , politically active people tended to see politics as an arena for establishing the broad outlines of policy ; the ‘ details ’ of [carrying out] of policy could be left to suitably qualified experts and were not really the business of politics .

If people have very little choice in matters of housing then the details of planning and the execution of policy become very important , and are not just to be left to the ‘ experts ’ .
if people have very little choice in matters of housing then the details of planning and the [carrying out] of policy become very important , and are not just to be left to the ‘ experts ’ .

There is an unavoidable personal involvement in the consequences of political decisions and therefore the details of policy execution are , or ought to be , ‘ political matters ’ .
there is an unavoidable personal involvement in the consequences of political decisions and therefore the details of policy [carrying out] are , or ought to be , ‘ political matters ’ .

The terror and the execution of the king paralysed and disgusted those intellectuals who , formed by French books and sharing the ideologies which had inspired the moderates in 1789 , now saw ordered progress drowned in blood .
the terror and the [carrying out] of the king paralysed and disgusted those intellectuals who , formed by french books and sharing the ideologies which had inspired the moderates in 1789 , now saw ordered progress drowned in blood .

And if , for instance , on-the-spot execution were to be introduced for parking on a double yellow line , there might well be a significant reduction in the rate of illegal parking .
and if , for instance , on-the-spot [carrying out] were to be introduced for parking on a double yellow line , there might well be a significant reduction in the rate of illegal parking .

The victorious Murad was supervising the execution of the Serbian nobles , including Lazar , who had been captured in battle .
the victorious murad was supervising the [carrying out] of the serbian nobles , including lazar , who had been captured in battle .

The first time Viktor saw an execution , he vomited .
the first time viktor saw an [carrying out] , he vomited .

There was evidence that despite torture and execution , the clergy at the cathedral had managed to conceal it .
there was evidence that despite torture and [carrying out] , the clergy at the cathedral had managed to conceal it .

For example , investors might be attracted by the advantages of a highly liquid market , low transactions costs , easily available short positions , low margins and rapid execution .
for example , investors might be attracted by the advantages of a highly liquid market , low transactions costs , easily available short positions , low margins and rapid [carrying out] .

This is because trading futures has the advantages of a highly liquid market , low transactions costs , easily available short positions , low margins and rapid execution .
this is because trading futures has the advantages of a highly liquid market , low transactions costs , easily available short positions , low margins and rapid [carrying out] .

This too failed , on the basis that in unlawful means conspiracy , as in conspiracy to injure , there must be an intent to injure the plaintiff , and conspiracy should not be extended ‘ beyond acts done in execution of an agreement entered into by two or more persons for the purpose not of protecting their own interests but of injuring the interests of the plaintiff .
this too failed , on the basis that in unlawful means conspiracy , as in conspiracy to injure , there must be an intent to injure the plaintiff , and conspiracy should not be extended ‘ beyond acts done in [carrying out] of an agreement entered into by two or more persons for the purpose not of protecting their own interests but of injuring the interests of the plaintiff .

It recommended , in brief , that council members confine themselves to debating broad issues of social policy , leaving the professionals responsible for the detailed execution ; that there should be fewer committees and a management board of about seven council members supported by a corresponding group of chief officers to make most policy decisions on a corporate basis .
it recommended , in brief , that council members confine themselves to debating broad issues of social policy , leaving the professionals responsible for the detailed [carrying out] ; that there should be fewer committees and a management board of about seven council members supported by a corresponding group of chief officers to make most policy decisions on a corporate basis .

He does not mention , however , the choices that have to be made during execution of such trials , the ultimate allegiance of the clinician being to each patient separately while that of the researcher is to the overall trial design .
he does not mention , however , the choices that have to be made during [carrying out] of such trials , the ultimate allegiance of the clinician being to each patient separately while that of the researcher is to the overall trial design .

It being reported to this Meeting that the Peck Measures of the different corners of Islay do not agree in size , & that many of them are deficient of the Legal Standard Measure of this Country-In order to remedy this evil it is recommended that in place of the Heaped Peck commonly used that a streak measure answering exactly to the standard measure of Islay shou 'd be substituted in place of the Heap measure , & in order to carry this Resolution into Execution the Meeting do hereby appoint the following Committee … it is earnestly recommended to these Gentlemen to have the different Pecks of the different Parishes brought to the proper Streak measure , and to have these pecks Branded with Shawfield 's Iron , and this being once done it is recommended to the said Committee to cause publish at the Parish Churches that if any person within their Bounds shall Sell or Buy with any other peck than the Peck so ascertained & stamped , that they shall be Fined at the discretion of the Baron Baillie of Islay
it being reported to this meeting that the peck measures of the different corners of islay do not agree in size , & that many of them are deficient of the legal standard measure of this country-in order to remedy this evil it is recommended that in place of the heaped peck commonly used that a streak measure answering exactly to the standard measure of islay shou 'd be substituted in place of the heap measure , & in order to carry this resolution into [carrying out] the meeting do hereby appoint the following committee … it is earnestly recommended to these gentlemen to have the different pecks of the different parishes brought to the proper streak measure , and to have these pecks branded with shawfield 's iron , and this being once done it is recommended to the said committee to cause publish at the parish churches that if any person within their bounds shall sell or buy with any other peck than the peck so ascertained & stamped , that they shall be fined at the discretion of the baron baillie of islay

The original creative concept did n't depend on the use of computers , but its execution did .
the original creative concept did n't depend on the use of computers , but its [carrying out] did .

Much ill-feeling was vented out on former collaborators , many of whom faced summary execution before government authority was fully established .
much ill-feeling was vented out on former collaborators , many of whom faced summary [carrying out] before government authority was fully established .

What this amounts to is the under development of cities through a liberation of capital from spatial boundaries through the use of communications to allow very great spatial separation between aspects of the organization of capitalist production and the stages of the execution of that production , and a simultaneous ‘ peripheralization ’ of urban populations .
what this amounts to is the under development of cities through a liberation of capital from spatial boundaries through the use of communications to allow very great spatial separation between aspects of the organization of capitalist production and the stages of the [carrying out] of that production , and a simultaneous ‘ peripheralization ’ of urban populations .

Rare has been the computer project which did not , in the course of execution , bring to light an initial overestimation of the technical possibilities , and an underestimation of the problems of data preparation .
rare has been the computer project which did not , in the course of [carrying out] , bring to light an initial overestimation of the technical possibilities , and an underestimation of the problems of data preparation .

Writers are credited with the inspiration , Directors , especially in the case of the film industry , are feted for the execution .
writers are credited with the inspiration , directors , especially in the case of the film industry , are feted for the [carrying out] .

Corresponding to these divisions between idea and execution , and advertisement and long-running campaign , there are , in fact , two rather different types of creative skill involved .
corresponding to these divisions between idea and [carrying out] , and advertisement and long-running campaign , there are , in fact , two rather different types of creative skill involved .

‘ She 's in prison , waiting for execution .
‘ she 's in prison , waiting for [carrying out] .

Execution of the 18 April 1986 document
[carrying out] of the 18 april 1986 document

Evidence about the execution of this document was given by Mr. Morgan and Miss Calagarri .
evidence about the [carrying out] of this document was given by mr. morgan and miss calagarri .

There can be no doubt but that the Parliamentary intention in substituting the new section 9 for the original section was to simplify the requirements for the execution and witnessing of a will .
there can be no doubt but that the parliamentary intention in substituting the new section 9 for the original section was to simplify the requirements for the [carrying out] and witnessing of a will .

It follows that in my judgment , the requirements of section 9 have been satisfied and that the deputy judge ought to have ruled in favour of the due execution of the 18 April 1986 document .
it follows that in my judgment , the requirements of section 9 have been satisfied and that the deputy judge ought to have ruled in favour of the due [carrying out] of the 18 april 1986 document .

By a notice of appeal dated 7 July 1992 the husband appealed on the ground that a copy of the committal order had not been served on him either before or at the time of the execution of the warrant as required by Ord. 29 , r. 1(5) ( a ) of the County Court Rules 1981 ( as amended ) and that in consequence the order was invalid and/or defective and should be set aside .
by a notice of appeal dated 7 july 1992 the husband appealed on the ground that a copy of the committal order had not been served on him either before or at the time of the [carrying out] of the warrant as required by ord. 29 , r. 1(5) ( a ) of the county court rules 1981 ( as amended ) and that in consequence the order was invalid and/or defective and should be set aside .

‘ If a committal order is made , the order shall be for the issue of a warrant of committal and , unless the judge otherwise orders — ( a ) a copy of the order shall be served on the person to be committed either before or at the time of the execution of the warrant ; or ( b ) where the warrant has been signed by the judge , the order for issue of the warrant may be served on the person to be committed at any time within 36 hours after the execution of the warrant .
‘ if a committal order is made , the order shall be for the issue of a warrant of committal and , unless the judge otherwise orders — ( a ) a copy of the order shall be served on the person to be committed either before or at the time of the [carrying out] of the warrant ; or ( b ) where the warrant has been signed by the judge , the order for issue of the warrant may be served on the person to be committed at any time within 36 hours after the [carrying out] of the warrant .

Landlord and Tenant — Harassment — Residential occupier — Possession order against statutory tenant — Landlord forcibly ejecting tenant without execution of warrant of possession — Whether re-entry lawful — Whether tenant entitled to damages for unlawful eviction — Rent Act 1977 ( c. 42 ) , s. 2(1) ( a ) — Protection from Eviction Act 1977 ( c. 43 ) , s. 3 — Housing Act 1988 ( c. 50 ) , s. 27
landlord and tenant — harassment — residential occupier — possession order against statutory tenant — landlord forcibly ejecting tenant without [carrying out] of warrant of possession — whether re-entry lawful — whether tenant entitled to damages for unlawful eviction — rent act 1977 ( c. 42 ) , s. 2(1) ( a ) — protection from eviction act 1977 ( c. 43 ) , s. 3 — housing act 1988 ( c. 50 ) , s. 27

The defendant counterclaimed that as a residential occupier she was protected by section 3 of the Protection from Eviction Act 1977 so that she could only be evicted by means of execution of a warrant of possession , and she sought damages for unlawful eviction under section 27 of the Housing Act 1988 ..
the defendant counterclaimed that as a residential occupier she was protected by section 3 of the protection from eviction act 1977 so that she could only be evicted by means of [carrying out] of a warrant of possession , and she sought damages for unlawful eviction under section 27 of the housing act 1988 ..

The judge held that the plaintiff had not been entitled to re-enter without execution by warrant and accordingly awarded the defendant damages on the counterclaim .
the judge held that the plaintiff had not been entitled to re-enter without [carrying out] by warrant and accordingly awarded the defendant damages on the counterclaim .

She contends that the tenant ceased to be a statutory tenant for the purposes of the subsection when the possession order was made in the county court or , alternatively , when the possession order took effect or , alternatively , when her client applied for the warrant of execution .
she contends that the tenant ceased to be a statutory tenant for the purposes of the subsection when the possession order was made in the county court or , alternatively , when the possession order took effect or , alternatively , when her client applied for the warrant of [carrying out] .

‘ On the making of an order for possession of such a dwelling-house , or at any time before the execution of such an order … the court , subject to subsection ( 5 ) below , may — ( a ) stay or suspend execution of the order , or ( b ) postpone the date of possession , for such period or periods as the court thinks fit .
‘ on the making of an order for possession of such a dwelling-house , or at any time before the [carrying out] of such an order … the court , subject to subsection ( 5 ) below , may — ( a ) stay or suspend [carrying out] of the order , or ( b ) postpone the date of possession , for such period or periods as the court thinks fit .

As that subsection gives the court a discretion to stay or suspend execution of the order , it can not be the position that it was intended that the landlord could take the matter into his own hands .
as that subsection gives the court a discretion to stay or suspend [carrying out] of the order , it can not be the position that it was intended that the landlord could take the matter into his own hands .

When there is a stay or a suspension of execution , he can not rely on the order for possession as giving him a right to possession .
when there is a stay or a suspension of [carrying out] , he can not rely on the order for possession as giving him a right to possession .

‘ Again , a landlord who has obtained an order for possession may still be entitled to re-enter peaceably without invoking the assistance of the sheriff , even during a stay of execution ; but this may now be confined to cases where nobody is lawfully in residence .
‘ again , a landlord who has obtained an order for possession may still be entitled to re-enter peaceably without invoking the assistance of the sheriff , even during a stay of [carrying out] ; but this may now be confined to cases where nobody is lawfully in residence .

The execution of a transfer on completion of sale is unquestionably within the power conferred by the power of attorney .
the [carrying out] of a transfer on completion of sale is unquestionably within the power conferred by the power of attorney .

Fraud — Misrepresentation — Execution of mortgage — Second mortgage of matrimonial home as security for advance to husband — Husband procuring wife 's execution of mortgage misrepresenting effect — Mortgagee failing to ensure transaction understood by wife — Whether mortgage enforceable against wife
fraud — misrepresentation — [carrying out] of mortgage — second mortgage of matrimonial home as security for advance to husband — husband procuring wife 's [carrying out] of mortgage misrepresenting effect — mortgagee failing to ensure transaction understood by wife — whether mortgage enforceable against wife

The branch manager of the bank sent the documents to another branch for execution with instructions to ensure that both defendants were fully aware of the nature of the documents and that , if in doubt , they should consult their solicitors before signing .
the branch manager of the bank sent the documents to another branch for [carrying out] with instructions to ensure that both defendants were fully aware of the nature of the documents and that , if in doubt , they should consult their solicitors before signing .

By a notice of appeal dated 18 February 1991 the second defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that the judge erred ( 1 ) in concluding that the first defendant was not acting as the plaintiffs ' agent when he procured the signature of the second defendant to the legal charge dated 3 July 1987 ; and ( 2 ) in not finding that the execution of the charge was procured by the undue influence and material misrepresentation of the first defendant and thereby in not setting aside the charge .
by a notice of appeal dated 18 february 1991 the second defendant appealed on the grounds , inter alia , that the judge erred ( 1 ) in concluding that the first defendant was not acting as the plaintiffs ' agent when he procured the signature of the second defendant to the legal charge dated 3 july 1987 ; and ( 2 ) in not finding that the [carrying out] of the charge was procured by the undue influence and material misrepresentation of the first defendant and thereby in not setting aside the charge .

They said that he was to prepare the execution of the deed .
they said that he was to prepare the [carrying out] of the deed .

‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .
‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the [carrying out] of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .

It was not put to him … that he authorised the son to act as his agent in procuring the execution of the documents .
it was not put to him … that he authorised the son to act as his agent in procuring the [carrying out] of the documents .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … What notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the [carrying out] of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency … what notice will be requisite will depend on the nature of the undue influence alleged .

Obviously where an agency contractual or ostensible has been created and the agent behaves improperly , whether by exercising undue influence upon or by making false representations to the surety , then the creditor will be held vicariously responsible for and affected by the acts of the agent committed in the execution of the agency .
obviously where an agency contractual or ostensible has been created and the agent behaves improperly , whether by exercising undue influence upon or by making false representations to the surety , then the creditor will be held vicariously responsible for and affected by the acts of the agent committed in the [carrying out] of the agency .

But Mr. de Lacy submits that both it and the previous cases which it applied are clearly distinguishable from the instant case because they all rested upon the critical circumstances that the lender or creditor in each case left it to the principal debtor to obtain , in such a way as he thought fit , the execution of the document .
but mr. de lacy submits that both it and the previous cases which it applied are clearly distinguishable from the instant case because they all rested upon the critical circumstances that the lender or creditor in each case left it to the principal debtor to obtain , in such a way as he thought fit , the [carrying out] of the document .

( 1 ) He accepted that the execution of the charge was procured by the undue influence of the husband .
( 1 ) he accepted that the [carrying out] of the charge was procured by the undue influence of the husband .

( 2 ) That the bank manager , Mr. Williams , was unaware of the circumstances existing between the wife and the husband leading up to the execution of the charge .
( 2 ) that the bank manager , mr. williams , was unaware of the circumstances existing between the wife and the husband leading up to the [carrying out] of the charge .

If Mrs. Perry suffers any financial loss in consequence of her execution of the charge , she will recover it under the judgment for damages for negligence .
if mrs. perry suffers any financial loss in consequence of her [carrying out] of the charge , she will recover it under the judgment for damages for negligence .

‘ Mrs. Perry contends that Mr. Colin Perry , in his dealings with her in relation to the execution of the charge , was acting as agent for the bank in obtaining Mrs. Perry 's consent to the giving of the security .
‘ mrs. perry contends that mr. colin perry , in his dealings with her in relation to the [carrying out] of the charge , was acting as agent for the bank in obtaining mrs. perry 's consent to the giving of the security .

It is said , therefore , that Mr. Perry having exercised undue influence to procure Mrs. Perry 's execution of the document , the bank is in no better position than he is himself as against Mrs. Perry .
it is said , therefore , that mr. perry having exercised undue influence to procure mrs. perry 's [carrying out] of the document , the bank is in no better position than he is himself as against mrs. perry .

In the former case the fact that the creditor , on the occasion , for example , of the actual execution of the instrument , deals directly with the wife and explains the effect of the document to her will not protect him .
in the former case the fact that the creditor , on the occasion , for example , of the actual [carrying out] of the instrument , deals directly with the wife and explains the effect of the document to her will not protect him .

‘ If a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the execution of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency .
‘ if a creditor has actual or constructive notice , at the time of the [carrying out] of the charge or guarantee in question , that the guarantee or charge on which it relies has been procured by the exercise of undue influence , it can not enforce the transaction ; an equity is raised against the creditor irrespective of any question of agency .

‘ 11(1) Any person aggrieved by — ( a ) a notice under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act requiring the execution of works , ( b ) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works specified in any such notice , ( c ) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses , may , within 21 days of the service of the notice , demand or order , appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice , demand or order relates are situate , and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any notice , demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined . ’
‘ 11(1) any person aggrieved by — ( a ) a notice under the foregoing provisions of this part of this act requiring the [carrying out] of works , ( b ) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works specified in any such notice , ( c ) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses , may , within 21 days of the service of the notice , demand or order , appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice , demand or order relates are situate , and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any notice , demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined . ’

It is contended by Miss Arden that bankruptcy proceedings are ‘ proceedings for the recovery or administration of any property ’ or ‘ for the execution of [ a ] trust .
it is contended by miss arden that bankruptcy proceedings are ‘ proceedings for the recovery or administration of any property ’ or ‘ for the [carrying out] of [ a ] trust .

‘ In the execution of a letter of request the person concerned may refuse to give evidence in so far as he has a privilege or duty to refuse to give the evidence — ( a ) under the law of the state of execution ; or ( b ) under the law of the state of origin …
‘ in the [carrying out] of a letter of request the person concerned may refuse to give evidence in so far as he has a privilege or duty to refuse to give the evidence — ( a ) under the law of the state of [carrying out] ; or ( b ) under the law of the state of origin …

This is the basis of section 3 of the Act which , of course , only applies after an order has been made by the court for the taking of evidence . Article 12 provides separately for the circumstances in which the execution of a letter of request may be refused , namely ,
this is the basis of section 3 of the act which , of course , only applies after an order has been made by the court for the taking of evidence . article 12 provides separately for the circumstances in which the [carrying out] of a letter of request may be refused , namely ,

‘ only to the extent that ( a ) in the state of execution the execution of the letter does not fall within the functions of the judiciary ; or ( b ) the state addressed considers that its sovereignty or security would be prejudiced thereby .
‘ only to the extent that ( a ) in the state of [carrying out] the [carrying out] of the letter does not fall within the functions of the judiciary ; or ( b ) the state addressed considers that its sovereignty or security would be prejudiced thereby .

Bankruptcy proceedings must be commenced in the High Court ( in London ) if : ( i ) the petition is presented by a Government department , and either in the statutory demand an indication to petition in the High Court is stated or the petition is based upon an unsatisfied execution ; or ( ii ) the debtor by or against whom the petition is presented has resided or carried on business within the London insolvency district for the greater part of the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition or for a longer period during those six months than in any other insolvency district ; or ( iii ) the debtor is not resident in England and Wales ; or ( iv ) the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the residence of the debtor ( tr 6.9(1) and 6.40 ) .
bankruptcy proceedings must be commenced in the high court ( in london ) if : ( i ) the petition is presented by a government department , and either in the statutory demand an indication to petition in the high court is stated or the petition is based upon an unsatisfied [carrying out] ; or ( ii ) the debtor by or against whom the petition is presented has resided or carried on business within the london insolvency district for the greater part of the six months immediately preceding the presentation of the petition or for a longer period during those six months than in any other insolvency district ; or ( iii ) the debtor is not resident in england and wales ; or ( iv ) the petitioning creditor is unable to ascertain the residence of the debtor ( tr 6.9(1) and 6.40 ) .

In Schedule 4 to the rules , there are four forms of petition , namely : Form 6.7-petition on failure to comply with a statutory demand for a liquidated sum payable immediately Form 6.8-petition on failure to comply with a statutory demand for a liquidated sum payable at a future date Form 6.9-petition where execution or other process on a judgment has been returned unsatisfied in whole or part Form 6.10-petition for default in connection with voluntary arrangement .
in schedule 4 to the rules , there are four forms of petition , namely : form 6.7-petition on failure to comply with a statutory demand for a liquidated sum payable immediately form 6.8-petition on failure to comply with a statutory demand for a liquidated sum payable at a future date form 6.9-petition where [carrying out] or other process on a judgment has been returned unsatisfied in whole or part form 6.10-petition for default in connection with voluntary arrangement .

Where inability to pay is based upon an unsatisfied execution , the court from which the execution or other process was issued must be specified together with particulars of the return , for example , the bailiff 's return to a warrant of execution or the sheriff 's return to a writ of fieri facias that there were no goods to levy upon .
where inability to pay is based upon an unsatisfied [carrying out] , the court from which the [carrying out] or other process was issued must be specified together with particulars of the return , for example , the bailiff 's return to a warrant of [carrying out] or the sheriff 's return to a writ of fieri facias that there were no goods to levy upon .

If there is an appeal pending against a judgment on which the petition is based or execution on that judgment has been stayed , the court can stay or dismiss the petition ( r 6.25(2) ) .
if there is an appeal pending against a judgment on which the petition is based or [carrying out] on that judgment has been stayed , the court can stay or dismiss the petition ( r 6.25(2) ) .

If the creditor had , before the commencement of the bankruptcy , issued execution against the debtor 's goods or attached a debt due to him , that creditor is not entitled to retain the benefit of his execution or attachment unless the execution or attachment had been completed before the commencement of the bankruptcy ( s 346 ( 1 ) ) .
if the creditor had , before the commencement of the bankruptcy , issued [carrying out] against the debtor 's goods or attached a debt due to him , that creditor is not entitled to retain the benefit of his [carrying out] or attachment unless the [carrying out] or attachment had been completed before the commencement of the bankruptcy ( s 346 ( 1 ) ) .

An execution is deemed completed by the sale of the goods seized or by the making of a charging order under s 1 of the Charging Orders Act 1979 and an attachment of debt is completed by the payment of the debt ( s 346 ( 5 ) ) .
an [carrying out] is deemed completed by the sale of the goods seized or by the making of a charging order under s 1 of the charging orders act 1979 and an attachment of debt is completed by the payment of the debt ( s 346 ( 5 ) ) .

If before completion of execution , notice is given to the sheriff or bailiff that a bankruptcy order has been made , the sheriff or bailiff must hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee subject to his costs of execution ( s 346 ( 2 ) ) .
if before completion of [carrying out] , notice is given to the sheriff or bailiff that a bankruptcy order has been made , the sheriff or bailiff must hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee subject to his costs of [carrying out] ( s 346 ( 2 ) ) .

The sheriff or bailiff must not account to the execution creditor for fourteen days after sale if the judgment exceeds the prescribed sum ( currently £500 ) because under s 346 ( 3 ) the sheriff or bailiff is obliged to hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee if a bankruptcy petition is presented within fourteen days of the sale of the goods and a bankruptcy order is subsequently made on that petition .
the sheriff or bailiff must not account to the [carrying out] creditor for fourteen days after sale if the judgment exceeds the prescribed sum ( currently £500 ) because under s 346 ( 3 ) the sheriff or bailiff is obliged to hand over the proceeds to the official receiver or trustee if a bankruptcy petition is presented within fourteen days of the sale of the goods and a bankruptcy order is subsequently made on that petition .

The Shah could then have denounced them and ordered their arrest and execution .
the shah could then have denounced them and ordered their arrest and [carrying out] .

The second execution of British Coal 's real fire campaign , which broke last month , continues the ‘ flame , flicker and crackle ’ theme , although the larger part of the domestic budget has now been transferred to direct marketing .
the second [carrying out] of british coal 's real fire campaign , which broke last month , continues the ‘ flame , flicker and crackle ’ theme , although the larger part of the domestic budget has now been transferred to direct marketing .

It seems unlikely that the normal form is one into which we would choose to transform programs for execution , but our work gives hope that transformation into other , more useful forms might be tractable .
it seems unlikely that the normal form is one into which we would choose to transform programs for [carrying out] , but our work gives hope that transformation into other , more useful forms might be tractable .

Indeed , the Paris Angels ' grade of high pressure , spacey funk is far closer in execution to the dance-enhanced Manc moves of late .
indeed , the paris angels ' grade of high pressure , spacey funk is far closer in [carrying out] to the dance-enhanced manc moves of late .

If the prey is large and dangerous , such as a buffalo , the attack of several lionesses is the safest method of execution .
if the prey is large and dangerous , such as a buffalo , the attack of several lionesses is the safest method of [carrying out] .

Picasso 's work is crude and direct both in colour and execution .
picasso 's work is crude and direct both in colour and [carrying out] .

In the period following the execution of the Demoiselles Picasso 's art was informed by two main principles or types of tribal art , the one flatter , more abstract and remote from European art , in which the basic planes of the face are differentiated not by relief but by the directions of the striations or hatchings with which they are covered , the other more solid , sculptural , three-dimensional and naturalistic .
in the period following the [carrying out] of the demoiselles picasso 's art was informed by two main principles or types of tribal art , the one flatter , more abstract and remote from european art , in which the basic planes of the face are differentiated not by relief but by the directions of the striations or hatchings with which they are covered , the other more solid , sculptural , three-dimensional and naturalistic .

However , in general questions about control in management , some reference ought to be made to the increasing number of mathematical and other techniques which are now available to management in the execution of their planning and controlling activities .
however , in general questions about control in management , some reference ought to be made to the increasing number of mathematical and other techniques which are now available to management in the [carrying out] of their planning and controlling activities .

Usually they have few opportunities to check that their instructions are being pursued and almost none to supervise their execution at first hand .
usually they have few opportunities to check that their instructions are being pursued and almost none to supervise their [carrying out] at first hand .

‘ Followed , no doubt , by summary execution .
‘ followed , no doubt , by summary [carrying out] .

Artai was full of petty cruelties , and it would have amused him to allow Sidacai to wonder if he was being taken to his execution .
artai was full of petty cruelties , and it would have amused him to allow sidacai to wonder if he was being taken to his [carrying out] .

‘ The execution ? ’
‘ the [carrying out] ? ’

Everything in art depends on execution : the story of a louse can be as beautiful as the story of Alexander .
everything in art depends on [carrying out] : the story of a louse can be as beautiful as the story of alexander .

The whole development cycle is streamlined when the programmer can visualise and monitor program execution .
the whole development cycle is streamlined when the programmer can visualise and monitor program [carrying out] .

Arrestment and inhibition can be carried out following Decree , and at that time they are described as diligence in execution .
arrestment and inhibition can be carried out following decree , and at that time they are described as diligence in [carrying out] .

More impressively , she broke with tradition to study in California , returned to found the Tehran school of social work and , after the Shah 's downfall , survived execution by a whisker .
more impressively , she broke with tradition to study in california , returned to found the tehran school of social work and , after the shah 's downfall , survived [carrying out] by a whisker .

The Tangut King was enraged and ordered the execution both of the false monk and his own Chief Strategist .
the tangut king was enraged and ordered the [carrying out] both of the false monk and his own chief strategist .

You could be charged with obstructing the police in the execution of their duty .
you could be charged with obstructing the police in the [carrying out] of their duty .

Men on the point of death by execution will call for their mothers .
men on the point of death by [carrying out] will call for their mothers .

Their eldest son , Gregory , died in 1652 , shortly before his father ; the younger , Henry , was disinherited because of his opposition to the king 's trial and execution .
their eldest son , gregory , died in 1652 , shortly before his father ; the younger , henry , was disinherited because of his opposition to the king 's trial and [carrying out] .

Restoration gossip that Norton lived at Richmond Palace , acquired at a cheap rate after the king 's execution , is puzzling ; his home at the time was actually Oatlands Park , near Weybridge , Surrey , and at his death his widow claimed to be penniless .
restoration gossip that norton lived at richmond palace , acquired at a cheap rate after the king 's [carrying out] , is puzzling ; his home at the time was actually oatlands park , near weybridge , surrey , and at his death his widow claimed to be penniless .

He pleaded guilty , knowing this would mean execution , and was hanged in Wandsworth prison 18 December 1945 .
he pleaded guilty , knowing this would mean [carrying out] , and was hanged in wandsworth prison 18 december 1945 .

Together with a French master mason , Alan Maynard , he was largely responsible for remodelling the exterior of the house , and for much internal detail ; in both cases the design , as well as the execution , was probably due to them .
together with a french master mason , alan maynard , he was largely responsible for remodelling the exterior of the house , and for much internal detail ; in both cases the design , as well as the [carrying out] , was probably due to them .

The surviving building accounts and his own drawings make clear that he was responsible for the execution and design of this remarkable house between 1580 and 1588 .
the surviving building accounts and his own drawings make clear that he was responsible for the [carrying out] and design of this remarkable house between 1580 and 1588 .

On the day of the king 's execution , 30 January , he was named to the Commons committee for repealing past legislation in the order to lay the foundations for a republican form of government .
on the day of the king 's [carrying out] , 30 january , he was named to the commons committee for repealing past legislation in the order to lay the foundations for a republican form of government .

He was able to satisfy Royalist investigators that an out-payment which he had made in connection with the king 's trial and execution had simply been a routine matter , in no way implicating him in the actual regicide .
he was able to satisfy royalist investigators that an out-payment which he had made in connection with the king 's trial and [carrying out] had simply been a routine matter , in no way implicating him in the actual regicide .

But he was not always a parliamentary loner : in 1586–7 he supported the clamour for Mary 's execution , and he also wanted to urge the queen to accept sovereignty of the Netherlands in the struggle against Spain .
but he was not always a parliamentary loner : in 1586–7 he supported the clamour for mary 's [carrying out] , and he also wanted to urge the queen to accept sovereignty of the netherlands in the struggle against spain .

After a separate trial , held ten days after Rackam 's execution , two additional , and notably active , members of his crew were also sentenced to hang : these were the female pirates Mary Read and Anne Bonny , who were both reprieved upon informing the court that they were ‘ quick with child ’ .
after a separate trial , held ten days after rackam 's [carrying out] , two additional , and notably active , members of his crew were also sentenced to hang : these were the female pirates mary read and anne bonny , who were both reprieved upon informing the court that they were ‘ quick with child ’ .

He also wrote ( in Italian ) the story of the execution of Roger Cadualadr at Leominster in 1610 .
he also wrote ( in italian ) the story of the [carrying out] of roger cadualadr at leominster in 1610 .

Between 1322 and 1326 Audley was in prison , escaping execution only through the influence of his wife , Edward 's niece and the younger Despenser 's sister-in-law .
between 1322 and 1326 audley was in prison , escaping [carrying out] only through the influence of his wife , edward 's niece and the younger despenser 's sister-in-law .

In 1815 the authorities put down a rebellion by landless Dutch-speaking colonials and mismanaged the execution of convicted ringleaders .
in 1815 the authorities put down a rebellion by landless dutch-speaking colonials and mismanaged the [carrying out] of convicted ringleaders .

Outside London , his major contract was the execution ( with his brother John ) of the ambitious designs of Sir Bernard de Gomme [ q.v . ]
outside london , his major contract was the [carrying out] ( with his brother john ) of the ambitious designs of sir bernard de gomme [ q.v . ]

Isaac avoided execution by promising the king a 10,000 mark fine , and in 1213 was transferred from Bristol to the Tower of London .
isaac avoided [carrying out] by promising the king a 10,000 mark fine , and in 1213 was transferred from bristol to the tower of london .

When that failed he refused to approve the king 's trial and execution .
when that failed he refused to approve the king 's trial and [carrying out] .

In 1800 he became assistant to the latter , who at the same time gave him a post in the Office of Works as labourer in trust at Carlton House and also employed him in connection with his work as surveyor of the ordnance ; his first recorded works — minor country-house commissions in Staffordshire , of 1803–5 — were designed in James 's office for execution by the Wyatt family building business ; and in 1805 he submitted designs for Downing College , Cambridge , after those by James had been severely criticized by Thomas Hope [ q.v . ]
in 1800 he became assistant to the latter , who at the same time gave him a post in the office of works as labourer in trust at carlton house and also employed him in connection with his work as surveyor of the ordnance ; his first recorded works — minor country-house commissions in staffordshire , of 1803–5 — were designed in james 's office for [carrying out] by the wyatt family building business ; and in 1805 he submitted designs for downing college , cambridge , after those by james had been severely criticized by thomas hope [ q.v . ]

The case aroused public disquiet as demonstrating that Evans 's conviction and execution had been miscarriages of justice ; there were two inquiries , and after the second Evans was granted a posthumous free pardon .
the case aroused public disquiet as demonstrating that evans 's conviction and [carrying out] had been miscarriages of justice ; there were two inquiries , and after the second evans was granted a posthumous free pardon .

Moulton was appointed to command the forces in the Downs , and was the most senior serving officer in the critical weeks that followed , which saw the execution of the king and the establishment of the Commonwealth .
moulton was appointed to command the forces in the downs , and was the most senior serving officer in the critical weeks that followed , which saw the [carrying out] of the king and the establishment of the commonwealth .

Another creditor of the shareholder subsequently obtained judgment against him and a charging order on the shares by way of equitable execution .
another creditor of the shareholder subsequently obtained judgment against him and a charging order on the shares by way of equitable [carrying out] .

If a creditor has levied and completed execution the debentureholders can not compel him to restore the money , nor , until the charge has crystallised , can he be restrained from levying execution .
if a creditor has levied and completed [carrying out] the debentureholders can not compel him to restore the money , nor , until the charge has crystallised , can he be restrained from levying [carrying out] .

‘ Jeopardy ’ will be established when , for example , execution is about to be levied against the company .
‘ jeopardy ’ will be established when , for example , [carrying out] is about to be levied against the company .

The ideas were always Durance 's , he always initiated the paintings and when his hands permitted he carried out the work , but as he had become increasingly crippled the execution had been left more and more to his protégée .
the ideas were always durance 's , he always initiated the paintings and when his hands permitted he carried out the work , but as he had become increasingly crippled the [carrying out] had been left more and more to his protégée .

Instead , reliance was placed on the use of general police powers to prevent disorder ; the common law duty to preserve the peace ( and the correlative offence of obstructing a constable in the execution of his duty where the demonstrator declined to comply with the constable 's reasonable instructions issued pursuant to his mandate ) , and the offence of obstructing the highway .
instead , reliance was placed on the use of general police powers to prevent disorder ; the common law duty to preserve the peace ( and the correlative offence of obstructing a constable in the [carrying out] of his duty where the demonstrator declined to comply with the constable 's reasonable instructions issued pursuant to his mandate ) , and the offence of obstructing the highway .

‘ ( 1 ) Any person who assaults a constable in the execution of his duty , or a person assisting a constable in the execution of his duty , shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale or to both .
‘ ( 1 ) any person who assaults a constable in the [carrying out] of his duty , or a person assisting a constable in the [carrying out] of his duty , shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale or to both .

( 3 ) Any person who resists or wilfully obstructs a constable in the execution of his duty , or a person assisting a constable in the execution of his duty , shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale or to both .
( 3 ) any person who resists or wilfully obstructs a constable in the [carrying out] of his duty , or a person assisting a constable in the [carrying out] of his duty , shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale or to both .

One element common to all forms of the offence is that the forbidden conduct must take place when the policeman is acting ‘ in the execution of his duty , ’ which raises the questions ; what duties are imposed upon a policeman , and how do they come to be imposed for these purposes ? The broad answers are that the duties of the policeman are manifold , and they arise both by the operation of statute and the common law .
one element common to all forms of the offence is that the forbidden conduct must take place when the policeman is acting ‘ in the [carrying out] of his duty , ’ which raises the questions ; what duties are imposed upon a policeman , and how do they come to be imposed for these purposes ? the broad answers are that the duties of the policeman are manifold , and they arise both by the operation of statute and the common law .

They were simply standing there on the beat in the execution of their duty when they were assaulted .
they were simply standing there on the beat in the [carrying out] of their duty when they were assaulted .

According to the court , it was sufficient that the police were ‘ standing there on the beat in the execution of their duty ’ for liability to attach .
according to the court , it was sufficient that the police were ‘ standing there on the beat in the [carrying out] of their duty ’ for liability to attach .

In deciding the second of tests posed by the court in Waterfield , the court will consider not merely whether or not the power exists , but whether it has been properly exercised , and hold that , if the manner in which an admitted power is exercised is improper , it takes the constable outside the execution of his duty again .
in deciding the second of tests posed by the court in waterfield , the court will consider not merely whether or not the power exists , but whether it has been properly exercised , and hold that , if the manner in which an admitted power is exercised is improper , it takes the constable outside the [carrying out] of his duty again .

’ Not every act that he performs in the course of his daily police routine can be ‘ in the execution of his duty ’ within the contemplation of the statute .
’ not every act that he performs in the course of his daily police routine can be ‘ in the [carrying out] of his duty ’ within the contemplation of the statute .

If a passerby were to decline to lend the constable his map or his ladder to assist , he may be wilfully obstructing the constable ; but he would not he obstructing the constable in the execution of his duty .
if a passerby were to decline to lend the constable his map or his ladder to assist , he may be wilfully obstructing the constable ; but he would not he obstructing the constable in the [carrying out] of his duty .

He was arrested for and charged with obstructing a constable in the execution of his duty , and his conviction was upheld by the Supreme Court of Canada .
he was arrested for and charged with obstructing a constable in the [carrying out] of his duty , and his conviction was upheld by the supreme court of canada .

In Albert v. Lavin it was assumed that the defendant was guilty of assaulting in the execution of his duty an off-duty policeman who was seeking to prevent a breach of the peace .
in albert v. lavin it was assumed that the defendant was guilty of assaulting in the [carrying out] of his duty an off-duty policeman who was seeking to prevent a breach of the peace .

Because of the apprehension of a breach of the peace on the part of the inspector , it was held , there arose a duty on him to prevent a breach of the peace , and because the appellant had sought to hold the meeting in defiance of his instructions , she was guilty of obstructing him in the execution of his duty .
because of the apprehension of a breach of the peace on the part of the inspector , it was held , there arose a duty on him to prevent a breach of the peace , and because the appellant had sought to hold the meeting in defiance of his instructions , she was guilty of obstructing him in the [carrying out] of his duty .

If a person assaults another who turns out to be a policeman , he can he convicted of assaulting a constable in the execution of his duty even though he had no knowledge that the other was a policeman , or even the means of such knowledge .
if a person assaults another who turns out to be a policeman , he can he convicted of assaulting a constable in the [carrying out] of his duty even though he had no knowledge that the other was a policeman , or even the means of such knowledge .

Where the defendant does realise that he is confronted by a policeman , it is not necessary for the prosecutor to show that he is aware that the latter is acting in the execution of his duty .
where the defendant does realise that he is confronted by a policeman , it is not necessary for the prosecutor to show that he is aware that the latter is acting in the [carrying out] of his duty .

In a New Zealand decision , it was held that the police are in a different position , so that the associate of the police ‘ victim ’ was guilty of assaulting the police in the execution of their duty , even though , viz-à-viz the victim they were acting outside the execution of their duty .
in a new zealand decision , it was held that the police are in a different position , so that the associate of the police ‘ victim ’ was guilty of assaulting the police in the [carrying out] of their duty , even though , viz-à-viz the victim they were acting outside the [carrying out] of their duty .

By contrast with the offence of assaulting the police in the execution of their duty , it is clear that the prosecutor must show that the defendant was aware that the person obstructed was a constable .
by contrast with the offence of assaulting the police in the [carrying out] of their duty , it is clear that the prosecutor must show that the defendant was aware that the person obstructed was a constable .

Many of the basic foot patterns in kung fu appear to be simple in their execution and the fact is that they are .
many of the basic foot patterns in kung fu appear to be simple in their [carrying out] and the fact is that they are .

To the outsider it may look somewhat robotic in its execution ; but each technique that is performed helps to familiarize the students with real conditions under fire .
to the outsider it may look somewhat robotic in its [carrying out] ; but each technique that is performed helps to familiarize the students with real conditions under fire .

In karate the kiai is used during the execution of a focused technique .
in karate the kiai is used during the [carrying out] of a focused technique .

Combination techniques between two adversaries are pretty much tit for tat , the outcome depending upon which fighter has the quickest reactions , the finest timing , the best execution of techniques and the most efficient plan of attack .
combination techniques between two adversaries are pretty much tit for tat , the outcome depending upon which fighter has the quickest reactions , the finest timing , the best [carrying out] of techniques and the most efficient plan of attack .

It is important that at the moment of execution the attacker looks into the kick to note its direction , while maintaining a high-guard position with his hands .
it is important that at the moment of [carrying out] the attacker looks into the kick to note its direction , while maintaining a high-guard position with his hands .

Of all the kicks in taekwondo , the jumping side kick has probably received the most attention from the public , no doubt because its execution looks devastating and spectacular .
of all the kicks in taekwondo , the jumping side kick has probably received the most attention from the public , no doubt because its [carrying out] looks devastating and spectacular .

For example , holding the breath during the execution of a move and then exhaling sharply at the moment of contact can concentrate power and increase speed .
for example , holding the breath during the [carrying out] of a move and then exhaling sharply at the moment of contact can concentrate power and increase speed .

In the short time she had been in the City , she had been propositioned by a well-dressed lush , witnessed a gangland execution and been pursued through a deserted subway station by a bulky killer .
in the short time she had been in the city , she had been propositioned by a well-dressed lush , witnessed a gangland [carrying out] and been pursued through a deserted subway station by a bulky killer .

Though he had no idea what lay behind it , he knew that by virtue of having witnessed Cindy in the execution of a lie , he himself was — whether he wanted to be or not — somehow involved .
though he had no idea what lay behind it , he knew that by virtue of having witnessed cindy in the [carrying out] of a lie , he himself was — whether he wanted to be or not — somehow involved .

Though the trombones are capable , in a limited degree , of a certain amount of rapidity of execution , opportunities for the exploitation of their powers in this direction are rare in the orchestra .
though the trombones are capable , in a limited degree , of a certain amount of rapidity of [carrying out] , opportunities for the exploitation of their powers in this direction are rare in the orchestra .

In addition to the roll , the kettledrums are effective in single strokes and in the execution of simple or complex rhythmical figures .
in addition to the roll , the kettledrums are effective in single strokes and in the [carrying out] of simple or complex rhythmical figures .

Each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch execution , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .
each program contains a dialogue offering a wide range of choices affecting , for example , selection with respect to most data items , sort orders , print items per line , print lines per record , paging , number of copies , type of stationery , destination printer , real-time or batch [carrying out] , blackness of print image , redirection of printout to a computer file , creation of reference files to allow the same set of selected records to be used by another program , saving and naming selections for future use , local and remote printing , etc .

In departing from the tenets of classical execution , they were moving towards contingency in form .
in departing from the tenets of classical [carrying out] , they were moving towards contingency in form .

If we conclude that the availability of certain kinds of stone did not seriously affect the execution of a pavement , we will not be far from the truth .
if we conclude that the availability of certain kinds of stone did not seriously affect the [carrying out] of a pavement , we will not be far from the truth .

But they are also of more general significance in the execution of orders , e.g .
but they are also of more general significance in the [carrying out] of orders , e.g .

There are more telling differences , however : ( iv ) Errors of draughtsmanship are visible in the Newton St. Loe mosaic which contrast with the accurate execution of the Orpheus panels in all other Orpheus mosaics in the region .
there are more telling differences , however : ( iv ) errors of draughtsmanship are visible in the newton st. loe mosaic which contrast with the accurate [carrying out] of the orpheus panels in all other orpheus mosaics in the region .

variable quality of draughtsmanship and execution .
variable quality of draughtsmanship and [carrying out] .

Henley has specific expertise in the design and execution of research as well as experience in advanced statistical analysis .
henley has specific expertise in the design and [carrying out] of research as well as experience in advanced statistical analysis .

5.8.2 Immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the Premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 If within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the Tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the Landlord 's [ Surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the Tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the Landlord to enter the Premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the Landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the Landlord ( including legal costs and Surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] While it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .
5.8.2 immediately to repair cleanse maintain and paint the premises as required by such notice [ 5.8.3 if within [ one month ] of the service of such a notice the tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the [carrying out] of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within [ 2 ] months [ or if in the landlord 's [ surveyor 's ] [ reasonable ] opinion the tenant is unlikely to have completed the work within such period ] to permit the landlord to enter the premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the landlord the cost of so doing and all expenses incurred by the landlord ( including legal costs and surveyor 's fees ) within [ 14 ] days of a written demand ] while it is recognised that the landlord should have the right to enter the premises from time to time to ensure that the tenant 's covenants have been complied with , this clause could cause severe disruption to the tenant 's business and should be amended accordingly .

5.8.3 If within two months of the service of such a notice the Tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the execution of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within a reasonable period to permit the Landlord to enter the Premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the Landlord the proper and necessary costs of so doing and all necessary expenses incurred by the Landlord ( including reasonable and proper legal costs and surveyor 's fees ) within 28 days of a written demand .
5.8.3 if within two months of the service of such a notice the tenant shall not have commenced and be proceeding diligently with the [carrying out] of the work referred to in the notice or shall fail to complete the work within a reasonable period to permit the landlord to enter the premises to execute such work as may be necessary to comply with the notice and to pay to the landlord the proper and necessary costs of so doing and all necessary expenses incurred by the landlord ( including reasonable and proper legal costs and surveyor 's fees ) within 28 days of a written demand .

If the provision is included in the lease and is exercised , the tenant should not forget to obtain a release of the original guarantor on the execution of the guarantee by the new guarantor .
if the provision is included in the lease and is exercised , the tenant should not forget to obtain a release of the original guarantor on the [carrying out] of the guarantee by the new guarantor .

7.1 Warranty re-convictions The Tenant warrants that prior to the execution of this Lease [ it ] has disclosed to the Landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the Tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the Tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the Insured Risks The landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .
7.1 warranty re-convictions the tenant warrants that prior to the [carrying out] of this lease [ it ] has disclosed to the landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the insured risks the landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .

9.1.6 the Tenant has any distress or execution levied on [ its ] goods the Landlord may re-enter the Premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the Term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the Landlord against the Tenant or the Guarantor [ or to the Tenant against the Landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this Lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) All leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .
9.1.6 the tenant has any distress or [carrying out] levied on [ its ] goods the landlord may re-enter the premises ( or any part of them in the name of the whole ) at any time ( and even if any previous right of re-entry has been waived ) and then the term will absolutely cease but without prejudice to any rights or remedies which may have accrued to the landlord against the tenant or the guarantor [ or to the tenant against the landlord ] in respect of any breach of covenant or other term of this lease ( including the breach in respect of which the re-entry is made ) all leases will , or should , contain a forfeiture provision which is usually in the form of a proviso reserving to the landlord a right of re-entry in the event of non-payment of rent , breach of covenant or circumstances resulting in , or likely to give rise to , the probability of the tenant being unable to perform its obligations under the lease , eg bankruptcy or liquidation .

( 4 ) Many tenants object to forfeiture provisions applying where distress or execution has been levied on its goods at the premises , as even in the best run organisations this sometimes occurs and it is not always an indication that the tenant is in financial difficulty .
( 4 ) many tenants object to forfeiture provisions applying where distress or [carrying out] has been levied on its goods at the premises , as even in the best run organisations this sometimes occurs and it is not always an indication that the tenant is in financial difficulty .

It is perhaps a reminder to the parties ' advisers to encourage the parties to have one final read through the engrossments before execution .
it is perhaps a reminder to the parties ' advisers to encourage the parties to have one final read through the engrossments before [carrying out] .

Execution of Deeds
[carrying out] of deeds

When , as conveyancers for a buyer , you send the engrossment of the conveyance , lease or transfer to the other side for execution , it 's wise to remind them to have the plan signed ( or sealed , as the case may be ) by the seller — and even then it 's remarkable how often the requirement can be overlooked .
when , as conveyancers for a buyer , you send the engrossment of the conveyance , lease or transfer to the other side for [carrying out] , it 's wise to remind them to have the plan signed ( or sealed , as the case may be ) by the seller — and even then it 's remarkable how often the requirement can be overlooked .

But it 's vital , because , as mentioned above , a seller 's conveyancer ( unlike a buyer 's ) ca n't sign on behalf of his or her client ; and if on completion , checking the execution of a transfer on behalf of the buyer , you find this requirement has not been observed , you should refuse to complete until it has .
but it 's vital , because , as mentioned above , a seller 's conveyancer ( unlike a buyer 's ) ca n't sign on behalf of his or her client ; and if on completion , checking the [carrying out] of a transfer on behalf of the buyer , you find this requirement has not been observed , you should refuse to complete until it has .

( e ) Leasehold property When your client is buying a leasehold property in a case where the lessor 's licence to assign is required , the licence ( which is always prepared by the lessor 's solicitor , who should submit the draft to you for your approval ) may require your client 's execution of a counterpart of the licence .
( e ) leasehold property when your client is buying a leasehold property in a case where the lessor 's licence to assign is required , the licence ( which is always prepared by the lessor 's solicitor , who should submit the draft to you for your approval ) may require your client 's [carrying out] of a counterpart of the licence .

The buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require execution .
the buyer as well as the seller will often have documents to sign ; for example , if the transfer or other document contains covenants by the buyer ( to observe restrictions or to erect a fence , or on a joint purchase ) the document vesting the property in him , her or them will require [carrying out] .

In that case have it signed before sending it to the seller 's conveyancer , otherwise you 'll be required to give your undertaking to have it executed after completion , and to supply a copy of the execution to the seller 's conveyancer .
in that case have it signed before sending it to the seller 's conveyancer , otherwise you 'll be required to give your undertaking to have it executed after completion , and to supply a copy of the [carrying out] to the seller 's conveyancer .

Even when there are no covenants by a buyer , if the purchase is in joint names execution by the buyers is necessary to commit them to the terms on which they hold the property as set out in the transfer .
even when there are no covenants by a buyer , if the purchase is in joint names [carrying out] by the buyers is necessary to commit them to the terms on which they hold the property as set out in the transfer .

When your client is buying leasehold property on the creation of the lease ( as with a new flat or maisonette ) and is also the original lessee , the counterpart will of course always require your client 's execution ; so will the mortgage if your client 's borrowing part of the purchase monies .
when your client is buying leasehold property on the creation of the lease ( as with a new flat or maisonette ) and is also the original lessee , the counterpart will of course always require your client 's [carrying out] ; so will the mortgage if your client 's borrowing part of the purchase monies .

When the buyer calls to sign the transfer or lease , see that any mortgage or other document requiring a signature ( such as an undertaking to a building society to carry out specified repairs ) is engrossed and ready for execution at the same time , to avoid unnecessary attendances ; and if you wish , you can let your client sign any undertakings as to outgoings instead of doing so on your client 's behalf ( Chapter 7 , head 2 ( c ) ) .
when the buyer calls to sign the transfer or lease , see that any mortgage or other document requiring a signature ( such as an undertaking to a building society to carry out specified repairs ) is engrossed and ready for [carrying out] at the same time , to avoid unnecessary attendances ; and if you wish , you can let your client sign any undertakings as to outgoings instead of doing so on your client 's behalf ( chapter 7 , head 2 ( c ) ) .

( 4 ) The Bills of Sale Act 1878 will apply to genuine sale transactions so that a sale of goods evidenced in writing , by virtue of which the seller remains in possession , is void against execution creditors and trustees in bankruptcy unless it is registered in compliance with the Act ( Bills of Sale Act 1878 s8 ) .
( 4 ) the bills of sale act 1878 will apply to genuine sale transactions so that a sale of goods evidenced in writing , by virtue of which the seller remains in possession , is void against [carrying out] creditors and trustees in bankruptcy unless it is registered in compliance with the act ( bills of sale act 1878 s8 ) .

For example , where an execution only customer ( whose relationship with a broker/dealer was that of principal in respect of decisions as to which securities to purchase and at what price ) starts to take and rely on the broker/dealer 's advice as to what to buy , a fiduciary element may be introduced into the relationship rendering the clause defining the relationship as that between two principals ineffective .
for example , where an [carrying out] only customer ( whose relationship with a broker/dealer was that of principal in respect of decisions as to which securities to purchase and at what price ) starts to take and rely on the broker/dealer 's advice as to what to buy , a fiduciary element may be introduced into the relationship rendering the clause defining the relationship as that between two principals ineffective .

If you want to start a program without clearing all the variables , you can use the statement where nnnn is number of the line at which you wish execution of the program to start .
if you want to start a program without clearing all the variables , you can use the statement where nnnn is number of the line at which you wish [carrying out] of the program to start .

11 Execution of documents
11 [carrying out] of documents

Sealing after that date does not invalidate the deed ; the presence of a seal is merely superfluous to the requirements for execution .
sealing after that date does not invalidate the deed ; the presence of a seal is merely superfluous to the requirements for [carrying out] .

Some solicitors acting for the husband may take a robust view to save their clients costs and , following the court order , may merely dispatch the title deeds to the wife 's solicitors on the basis that the husband has no further interest in them and that they will receive a conveyance for execution by the husband in due course .
some solicitors acting for the husband may take a robust view to save their clients costs and , following the court order , may merely dispatch the title deeds to the wife 's solicitors on the basis that the husband has no further interest in them and that they will receive a conveyance for [carrying out] by the husband in due course .

In unregistered conveyancing this is not satisfactory , as the husband 's solicitors can not ( unless they have taken an abstract ) check on receiving the conveyance for execution if proper indemnities are proferred in respect of any covenants and other matters to which the property is subject .
in unregistered conveyancing this is not satisfactory , as the husband 's solicitors can not ( unless they have taken an abstract ) check on receiving the conveyance for [carrying out] if proper indemnities are proferred in respect of any covenants and other matters to which the property is subject .

If a more than reasonable time has elapsed since the engrossed conveyance or transfer was submitted for execution by the husband , then the steps set out in Chapter 8 are a guide as to the procedure to be followed before application is made to the court asking the court to execute the conveyance or transfer on behalf of the husband .
if a more than reasonable time has elapsed since the engrossed conveyance or transfer was submitted for [carrying out] by the husband , then the steps set out in chapter 8 are a guide as to the procedure to be followed before application is made to the court asking the court to execute the conveyance or transfer on behalf of the husband .

Betterment had been conceived as ‘ any increase in the value of land ( including the buildings thereon ) arising from central or local government action , whether positive , for example by the execution of public works or improvements , or negative , for example by the imposition of restrictions on the other land ’ .
betterment had been conceived as ‘ any increase in the value of land ( including the buildings thereon ) arising from central or local government action , whether positive , for example by the [carrying out] of public works or improvements , or negative , for example by the imposition of restrictions on the other land ’ .

The operator can write , run and debug programs by ‘ driving ’ the simulated controls and the simulator responds appropriately even to the extent of execution times .
the operator can write , run and debug programs by ‘ driving ’ the simulated controls and the simulator responds appropriately even to the extent of [carrying out] times .

Copies of judgments are to be sent in all cases except where a warrant of execution is issued straight away ( Ord 22 , r 1 ( 3 ) ) .
copies of judgments are to be sent in all cases except where a warrant of [carrying out] is issued straight away ( ord 22 , r 1 ( 3 ) ) .

After judgment , execution may not be issued against a third party without leave of the court until the defendant has satisfied the judgment against him ( Ord 12 , r 3 ( 4 ) ) .
after judgment , [carrying out] may not be issued against a third party without leave of the court until the defendant has satisfied the judgment against him ( ord 12 , r 3 ( 4 ) ) .

Where a counterclaim ( or set-off and counterclaim ) are transferred to the High Court but judgment has been given on the claim save for the question of set-off , execution is stayed thereon until the proceedings transferred to the High Court have been concluded , unless the High Court otherwise orders ( s 42(2) ) .
where a counterclaim ( or set-off and counterclaim ) are transferred to the high court but judgment has been given on the claim save for the question of set-off , [carrying out] is stayed thereon until the proceedings transferred to the high court have been concluded , unless the high court otherwise orders ( s 42(2) ) .

If the proceedings are not wholly discontinued , execution may not issue without leave ( Ord 18 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) .
if the proceedings are not wholly discontinued , [carrying out] may not issue without leave ( ord 18 , r 2 ( 2 ) ) .

Where a possession order is made in respect of a " regulated tenancy " of residential property in a discretionary case ( Cases 1 – 10 ) , the court may stay or suspend execution , or postpone the date of possession for such periods as it thinks fit but it must ( unless there is exceptional hardship ) impose conditions as to payment of rent ( or mesne profits ) and arrears : s 100 of the Rent Act 1977 ; s 75(1) — ( 3 ) of the Housing Act 1980 .
where a possession order is made in respect of a " regulated tenancy " of residential property in a discretionary case ( cases 1 – 10 ) , the court may stay or suspend [carrying out] , or postpone the date of possession for such periods as it thinks fit but it must ( unless there is exceptional hardship ) impose conditions as to payment of rent ( or mesne profits ) and arrears : s 100 of the rent act 1977 ; s 75(1) — ( 3 ) of the housing act 1980 .

The request ( if for the purpose of enforcement ) shall not be dealt with until after any pending proceedings whet her for variation of an instalment order , setting aside , an administration order , or a stay of execution , are determined ( Ord 25 , r 13 ) .
the request ( if for the purpose of enforcement ) shall not be dealt with until after any pending proceedings whet her for variation of an instalment order , setting aside , an administration order , or a stay of [carrying out] , are determined ( ord 25 , r 13 ) .

Suspension of warrants of execution
suspension of warrants of [carrying out]

There is general power to stay warrants of execution under s 88 of the 1984 Act .
there is general power to stay warrants of [carrying out] under s 88 of the 1984 act .

The court may allow a request for a warrant of execution to be amended at any time to show the debtor 's amended address or place of levy ( Ord 15 , r 1 ( 1 ) ( a ) ) .
the court may allow a request for a warrant of [carrying out] to be amended at any time to show the debtor 's amended address or place of levy ( ord 15 , r 1 ( 1 ) ( a ) ) .

Where execution of a warrant or variation of a district judge 's order is concerned , application is to be made to the district judge , and in the case of variation of a judge 's order to the judge ( Order 49 , r 6 ; order in Form 32 ( 4 ) ) .
where [carrying out] of a warrant or variation of a district judge 's order is concerned , application is to be made to the district judge , and in the case of variation of a judge 's order to the judge ( order 49 , r 6 ; order in form 32 ( 4 ) ) .

The court may in such circumstances give an early hearing or order execution to proceed notwithstanding the application ( Moore v Registrar of Lambeth County Court , above ) .
the court may in such circumstances give an early hearing or order [carrying out] to proceed notwithstanding the application ( moore v registrar of lambeth county court , above ) .

In fact the acknowledgement in most cases either has the seller 's conditions printed on the back , or refers to the execution of the contract in accordance with the quotation in such a way that the seller 's conditions on the back of the quotation are incorporated by reference .
in fact the acknowledgement in most cases either has the seller 's conditions printed on the back , or refers to the [carrying out] of the contract in accordance with the quotation in such a way that the seller 's conditions on the back of the quotation are incorporated by reference .

Provided that this section shall not affect any general rule of law relating to the execution of deeds or negotiable instruments .
provided that this section shall not affect any general rule of law relating to the [carrying out] of deeds or negotiable instruments .

( c ) Enforcement of judgments Where there has been a judgment against the firm , execution may be issued against : ( 1 ) assets of the firm ; or ( 2 ) any person who has acknowledged service as a partner ; or ( 3 ) any person served as a partner who has failed to acknowledge service ; or ( 4 ) any person who has admitted in his pleading to being a partner or who has been found by the court to be a partner .
( c ) enforcement of judgments where there has been a judgment against the firm , [carrying out] may be issued against : ( 1 ) assets of the firm ; or ( 2 ) any person who has acknowledged service as a partner ; or ( 3 ) any person served as a partner who has failed to acknowledge service ; or ( 4 ) any person who has admitted in his pleading to being a partner or who has been found by the court to be a partner .

There are two provisos as follows : ( 1 ) execution will not issue against either property or persons without leave of the court where the proceedings have been brought against the firm by one of its members or by another firm having partners in common with the firm against which or against the partners of which execution is sought ; ( 2 ) execution will not issue against a partner if he is out of the jurisdiction at the date when the proceedings were commenced unless he has acknowledged service or was duly served within the jurisdiction as a partner or outside the jurisdiction after leave had been obtained to so serve him .
there are two provisos as follows : ( 1 ) [carrying out] will not issue against either property or persons without leave of the court where the proceedings have been brought against the firm by one of its members or by another firm having partners in common with the firm against which or against the partners of which [carrying out] is sought ; ( 2 ) [carrying out] will not issue against a partner if he is out of the jurisdiction at the date when the proceedings were commenced unless he has acknowledged service or was duly served within the jurisdiction as a partner or outside the jurisdiction after leave had been obtained to so serve him .

Execution of the partnership agreement as a deed is only required when , and this will rarely be the case with solicitors ' firms , it seeks to transfer land or an interest in land : otherwise an agreement under hand will be sufficient .
[carrying out] of the partnership agreement as a deed is only required when , and this will rarely be the case with solicitors ' firms , it seeks to transfer land or an interest in land : otherwise an agreement under hand will be sufficient .

All too frequently heads of agreement alone are drawn up and the full agreement left for later long delayed execution .
all too frequently heads of agreement alone are drawn up and the full agreement left for later long delayed [carrying out] .

For instance , some building leases encountered in practice provide that `` any … dispute … in any way relating to the execution of the project shall be referred to the decision of an independent surveyor ( acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) … `` .
for instance , some building leases encountered in practice provide that `` any … dispute … in any way relating to the [carrying out] of the project shall be referred to the decision of an independent surveyor ( acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) … `` .

An example of enforcement is `` execution `` , which means seizure and removal of the defendant 's goods to the value of the unsatisfied judgment plus interest and costs .
an example of enforcement is `` [carrying out] `` , which means seizure and removal of the defendant 's goods to the value of the unsatisfied judgment plus interest and costs .

Where a lease creates a term of years which is expressed to run from some date earlier than that of the execution of the lease , the term created will be a term which begins on the date the lease is executed , and not the earlier date .
where a lease creates a term of years which is expressed to run from some date earlier than that of the [carrying out] of the lease , the term created will be a term which begins on the date the lease is executed , and not the earlier date .

These principles do not prevent the parties from defining the expiration of the term by reference to a date before that of execution of the lease , or from making contractual provisions which take effect by reference to such a date , as by defining the period for the operation of a break-clause or an increase of rent .
these principles do not prevent the parties from defining the expiration of the term by reference to a date before that of [carrying out] of the lease , or from making contractual provisions which take effect by reference to such a date , as by defining the period for the operation of a break-clause or an increase of rent .

There is nothing in these principles to prevent the lease from creating obligations in respect of any period before the execution of the lease .
there is nothing in these principles to prevent the lease from creating obligations in respect of any period before the [carrying out] of the lease .

They are likely to include the following : ( a ) the execution and exchange of the acquisition agreement ( by which Newco will buy the business from the vendor ) ; ( b ) the managers having subscribed in cash for ordinary shares in Newco ; ( c ) the passing of any necessary shareholders ' resolutions ; ( d ) receipt by the investors of a satisfactory accountants ' report , audited accounts and management accounts ; ( e ) the managers having entered into service agreements ; ( f ) receipt by the investors of certificates of title ; ( g ) the investors being satisfied with the loan and banking facilities being provided to Newco ; ( h ) keyman insurance having been taken out for the benefit of the company over the lives of each of the managers .
they are likely to include the following : ( a ) the [carrying out] and exchange of the acquisition agreement ( by which newco will buy the business from the vendor ) ; ( b ) the managers having subscribed in cash for ordinary shares in newco ; ( c ) the passing of any necessary shareholders ' resolutions ; ( d ) receipt by the investors of a satisfactory accountants ' report , audited accounts and management accounts ; ( e ) the managers having entered into service agreements ; ( f ) receipt by the investors of certificates of title ; ( g ) the investors being satisfied with the loan and banking facilities being provided to newco ; ( h ) keyman insurance having been taken out for the benefit of the company over the lives of each of the managers .

The following is an example of a suitable clause : It is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the Articles of Association the investor shall be entitled at any time after Completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the Managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this Agreement and Articles of Association as the investor shall require and the Managers and the Company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the execution of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the Investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .
the following is an example of a suitable clause : it is hereby agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in the articles of association the investor shall be entitled at any time after completion to transfer all or any part of the investor 's shares to another investor or investors approved by the managers ( such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ) to the intent and effect that any such investors shall be entitled to the benefit of all such provisions of this agreement and articles of association as the investor shall require and the managers and the company shall do or procure to be done ( insofar as it lies within their respective powers ) all such matters and things , including the [carrying out] of all such documents as shall be necessary or which the investors shall reasonably require for the purpose of giving effect to the provisions of this clause .

The execution of heads of terms is not an essential part of the transaction and will not be appropriate in all instances .
the [carrying out] of heads of terms is not an essential part of the transaction and will not be appropriate in all instances .

The two themes converge in the final act , when the Queen is faced with the warrant for Essex 's execution .
the two themes converge in the final act , when the queen is faced with the warrant for essex 's [carrying out] .

The final `` Dawn `` sequence then has the effect both of a reprise , closing the musical form , and of an ironic comment on the human tragedy which , when it is taken out of the public arena into the privacy of Grimes 's mind , actually passes out of the consciousness and memory of those who , only a few hours before , have been clamouring loudest for its execution .
the final `` dawn `` sequence then has the effect both of a reprise , closing the musical form , and of an ironic comment on the human tragedy which , when it is taken out of the public arena into the privacy of grimes 's mind , actually passes out of the consciousness and memory of those who , only a few hours before , have been clamouring loudest for its [carrying out] .

The actual historical event portrayed in the vignette is the execution of six Greek cabinet ministers , including the ex-premier , in Athens in 1922 .
the actual historical event portrayed in the vignette is the [carrying out] of six greek cabinet ministers , including the ex-premier , in athens in 1922 .

The time of the execution is also altered , being brought back to a time traditionally associated with `` dawn `` executions .
the time of the [carrying out] is also altered , being brought back to a time traditionally associated with `` dawn `` executions .

However that may be , it is a sturdy example of a defensive town house of the period , and serves today as a repository for souvenirs of the queen ( some of dubious authenticity ) , including a replica of her death mask , the Communion plate she used on the morning of her execution , and her royal seal .
however that may be , it is a sturdy example of a defensive town house of the period , and serves today as a repository for souvenirs of the queen ( some of dubious authenticity ) , including a replica of her death mask , the communion plate she used on the morning of her [carrying out] , and her royal seal .

In 1987 , the four-hundredth anniversary of her execution , events throughout the country included a ride by Jedburgh men and women in costume retracing the royal route to and from Hermitage .
in 1987 , the four-hundredth anniversary of her [carrying out] , events throughout the country included a ride by jedburgh men and women in costume retracing the royal route to and from hermitage .

On the one side of this act of rebellion lie the details of the plan for the tabernacle ( Exodus 25–31 ) , and on the other side the details of the execution of that plan , point by point ( Exodus 35–40 ) .
on the one side of this act of rebellion lie the details of the plan for the tabernacle ( exodus 25–31 ) , and on the other side the details of the [carrying out] of that plan , point by point ( exodus 35–40 ) .

But however admirable Eliot 's aspirations are , his execution of them in this book is on occasions bizarre .
but however admirable eliot 's aspirations are , his [carrying out] of them in this book is on occasions bizarre .

He claimed that the circumstances of putting the death penalty into effect , in particular the likelihood of a long delay between sentence and execution during which time he would be on death row , would constitute an inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment contrary to Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
he claimed that the circumstances of putting the death penalty into effect , in particular the likelihood of a long delay between sentence and [carrying out] during which time he would be on death row , would constitute an inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment contrary to article 3 of the european convention on human rights .

There had been cries for his public execution but Jamel Mobuto had made it quite clear that Ngune would be tried and , if found guilty , sentenced to life imprisonment .
there had been cries for his public [carrying out] but jamel mobuto had made it quite clear that ngune would be tried and , if found guilty , sentenced to life imprisonment .

The execution of a provo murder gang in Coagh a few months ago brought about the usual uproar from the republican politicians .
the [carrying out] of a provo murder gang in coagh a few months ago brought about the usual uproar from the republican politicians .

Carrying out the odd execution now and again is not enough .
carrying out the odd [carrying out] now and again is not enough .

He gave full instructions for the execution of various religious and charitable bequests , and in particular outlined the practical steps to be taken to found a school in Stockport .
he gave full instructions for the [carrying out] of various religious and charitable bequests , and in particular outlined the practical steps to be taken to found a school in stockport .

The execution of the will was certainly not a quick and easy process because of the number and geographical range of the bequests : there were the arrangements for his burial in the Church of St. Thomas of Acre in London , the founding of a chapel at Woodhead and the School in Stockport , together with masses and annual and daily services of prayers for his soul , road building in Essex , repair of the Cripplegate in London , gifts to the poor in and around Stockport and London and to churches in Stockport , Ashton , and Mottram , mourning rings to be made for particular friends , and legacies to his family .
the [carrying out] of the will was certainly not a quick and easy process because of the number and geographical range of the bequests : there were the arrangements for his burial in the church of st. thomas of acre in london , the founding of a chapel at woodhead and the school in stockport , together with masses and annual and daily services of prayers for his soul , road building in essex , repair of the cripplegate in london , gifts to the poor in and around stockport and london and to churches in stockport , ashton , and mottram , mourning rings to be made for particular friends , and legacies to his family .

Although Read 's will was far more detailed than Sir Edmond 's , the circumstances surrounding its execution are rather more obscure ; certainly little notice appears to have been taken of the complicated procedure for appointment .
although read 's will was far more detailed than sir edmond 's , the circumstances surrounding its [carrying out] are rather more obscure ; certainly little notice appears to have been taken of the complicated procedure for appointment .

He was a skilled architect who would grow used to praise , but he must have been pleased to hear that the Goldsmiths regarded his school as `` not excelled by any other building of a similar construction in solidity , taste , and execution .
he was a skilled architect who would grow used to praise , but he must have been pleased to hear that the goldsmiths regarded his school as `` not excelled by any other building of a similar construction in solidity , taste , and [carrying out] .

Information from Fuchs led to the arrest , and in 1953 , the execution of the Americans Julius and Ethel Rosenberg .
information from fuchs led to the arrest , and in 1953 , the [carrying out] of the americans julius and ethel rosenberg .

In Croatia there was at least one case of an apparent war execution of an ‘ unsympathetic journalist ’ .
in croatia there was at least one case of an apparent war [carrying out] of an ‘ unsympathetic journalist ’ .

Shall we assume that the Home Secretary , too , will grant a reprieve to William Joyce ( ‘ Lord Haw Haw ’ ) because by January 3 , 1946 , the date of his execution , Germany had ceased to be an enemy country ?
shall we assume that the home secretary , too , will grant a reprieve to william joyce ( ‘ lord haw haw ’ ) because by january 3 , 1946 , the date of his [carrying out] , germany had ceased to be an enemy country ?

This was all legal and proper , but in the execution of this work things went sadly wrong .
this was all legal and proper , but in the [carrying out] of this work things went sadly wrong .

Constantius set out on a determined course of retribution , seeking out all the followers of Magnentius and exacting punishment by execution , imprisonment and confiscation of their estates and wealth .
constantius set out on a determined course of retribution , seeking out all the followers of magnentius and exacting punishment by [carrying out] , imprisonment and confiscation of their estates and wealth .

After further torture and forced confessions , they were tried , which in effect meant execution , imprisonment or exile .
after further torture and forced confessions , they were tried , which in effect meant [carrying out] , imprisonment or exile .

Once the decision ‘ matures into validity ’ as it were , acts already done in execution of it also mature into legality because maturity is retrospective .
once the decision ‘ matures into validity ’ as it were , acts already done in [carrying out] of it also mature into legality because maturity is retrospective .

Acts done in execution of the decision before the date of the quashing remain legal , but any such act done after that date would be illegal .
acts done in [carrying out] of the decision before the date of the quashing remain legal , but any such act done after that date would be illegal .

Second — The refurbishment of the Villahermosa Palace shall be completed within eighteen ( 18 ) months , undertaken by the Foundation in co-operation with the Spanish Government and begin immediately after the establishment of the Foundation and the execution of the Loan Agreement mentioned in Clause Three below .
second — the refurbishment of the villahermosa palace shall be completed within eighteen ( 18 ) months , undertaken by the foundation in co-operation with the spanish government and begin immediately after the establishment of the foundation and the [carrying out] of the loan agreement mentioned in clause three below .

To resolve this , the execution time required by each algorithm to process all three documents was measured , and the result is shown in Figure 3.3 .
to resolve this , the [carrying out] time required by each algorithm to process all three documents was measured , and the result is shown in figure 3.3 .

Not surprisingly , execution time increases with larger window sizes in a fairly linear fashion , due to the greater number of word positions to consider .
not surprisingly , [carrying out] time increases with larger window sizes in a fairly linear fashion , due to the greater number of word positions to consider .

It would appear that the slightly superior performance of the complex algorithm does not justify the increase in execution time .
it would appear that the slightly superior performance of the complex algorithm does not justify the increase in [carrying out] time .

This was in Wales , where royal authority had been dangerously undermined by the execution of William Herbert , earl of Pembroke .
this was in wales , where royal authority had been dangerously undermined by the [carrying out] of william herbert , earl of pembroke .

Gloucester again relinquished peripheral holdings in exchange for the last addition to his Yorkshire estates in March 1478 , shortly after the execution of Clarence .
gloucester again relinquished peripheral holdings in exchange for the last addition to his yorkshire estates in march 1478 , shortly after the [carrying out] of clarence .

But the family were also linked tenurially with the house of York , and after William Tyrell 's execution it was the dowager duchess of York who had custody of James and his land , although she granted both to William 's widow and her feoffees .
but the family were also linked tenurially with the house of york , and after william tyrell 's [carrying out] it was the dowager duchess of york who had custody of james and his land , although she granted both to william 's widow and her feoffees .

His first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned Rivers and Grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him constituted treason .
his first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the [carrying out] of the imprisoned rivers and grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him constituted treason .

Certainly Polydore Vergil seems to have fallen victim to his own condensed chronology when he argues that it was the events at Stony Stratford which caused Hastings to mistrust Gloucester and so led to Hastings ' opposition and execution .
certainly polydore vergil seems to have fallen victim to his own condensed chronology when he argues that it was the events at stony stratford which caused hastings to mistrust gloucester and so led to hastings ' opposition and [carrying out] .

Somewhat more plausible is the possibility that Gloucester had decided to proceed to the execution of the captured Woodvilles ( as his letter to York perhaps implies ) and that Hastings , while willing to see Woodville power limited , was not prepared to countenance their execution .
somewhat more plausible is the possibility that gloucester had decided to proceed to the [carrying out] of the captured woodvilles ( as his letter to york perhaps implies ) and that hastings , while willing to see woodville power limited , was not prepared to countenance their [carrying out] .

Governments are expected by the public to have ‘ policies ’ , based upon general considerations and principles ; and they delegate the execution of those policies to their officials .
governments are expected by the public to have ‘ policies ’ , based upon general considerations and principles ; and they delegate the [carrying out] of those policies to their officials .

In practice the boundary between the formation of policy and its execution is not always clear , and politicians sometimes complain that officials usurp the higher functions .
in practice the boundary between the formation of policy and its [carrying out] is not always clear , and politicians sometimes complain that officials usurp the higher functions .

By 1400 a sophisticated machine had been assembled for the transmission , authentication , and execution of the decisions made in the upper echelons of government , and for conducting such recurrent and routine operations as the collection and payment of money .
by 1400 a sophisticated machine had been assembled for the transmission , authentication , and [carrying out] of the decisions made in the upper echelons of government , and for conducting such recurrent and routine operations as the collection and payment of money .

The steward of a lordship or the master of the royal game might guard the Crown 's interests as a landlord — or put in a deputy to do so but he was not concerned with the collection of taxes , the maintenance of order , and the execution of justice .
the steward of a lordship or the master of the royal game might guard the crown 's interests as a landlord — or put in a deputy to do so but he was not concerned with the collection of taxes , the maintenance of order , and the [carrying out] of justice .

Much the same reasoning led to the steadfast refusal of the Unidroit Study Group to yield to pressures to extend the scope of the Convention on International Financial Leasing to cover general issues of priority of competing claims to leased equipment , though article 7 does contain provisions preserving the lessor 's real rights against the claims of the lessee 's trustee in bankruptcy and execution and other creditors .
much the same reasoning led to the steadfast refusal of the unidroit study group to yield to pressures to extend the scope of the convention on international financial leasing to cover general issues of priority of competing claims to leased equipment , though article 7 does contain provisions preserving the lessor 's real rights against the claims of the lessee 's trustee in bankruptcy and [carrying out] and other creditors .

Under the common law of Sri Lanka , Roman-Dutch law , a mortgagee of both movables and immovables can recover payment of the debt secured only through legal action ( known as parate execution ) .
under the common law of sri lanka , roman-dutch law , a mortgagee of both movables and immovables can recover payment of the debt secured only through legal action ( known as parate [carrying out] ) .

For our purposes , however , the most important result was that the Mortgage Act 1949 did not change fundamentally the Roman-Dutch law on parate execution .
for our purposes , however , the most important result was that the mortgage act 1949 did not change fundamentally the roman-dutch law on parate [carrying out] .

Apart from the statutory exceptions made after Independence for some of the state banks , parate execution was not permitted .
apart from the statutory exceptions made after independence for some of the state banks , parate [carrying out] was not permitted .

Then , in 1985 , a government-appointed committee , the Wimalaratne Committee , recommended that parate execution in relation to corporeal movables be extended .
then , in 1985 , a government-appointed committee , the wimalaratne committee , recommended that parate [carrying out] in relation to corporeal movables be extended .

The right of parate execution in this instance will contribute to easy and enlarged availability , and reduced cost , of credit against such security .
the right of parate [carrying out] in this instance will contribute to easy and enlarged availability , and reduced cost , of credit against such security .

Now as part of the tranche of legislation mentioned at the outset of this section , parate execution is extended in Sri Lanka .
now as part of the tranche of legislation mentioned at the outset of this section , parate [carrying out] is extended in sri lanka .

Most importantly for our purposes , the Recovery of Loans by Banks ( Special provision ) Act 1990 grants to commercial banks , although not to finance companies , the right to parate execution already conferred on state banks .
most importantly for our purposes , the recovery of loans by banks ( special provision ) act 1990 grants to commercial banks , although not to finance companies , the right to parate [carrying out] already conferred on state banks .

In the light of the facts which emerged subsequently , he believed that Evans ' execution was not justified and that a mistake had been made .
in the light of the facts which emerged subsequently , he believed that evans ' [carrying out] was not justified and that a mistake had been made .

They were : ( a ) murders in the course or furtherance of theft , ( b ) murders by shooting or causing an explosion , ( c ) murders in the course or for the purpose of resisting lawful arrest or of escaping from legal custody , ( d ) murders of police officers in the execution of their duty and persons assisting them , and ( e ) murders by prisoners of prison officers in the execution of their duty and persons assisting them .
they were : ( a ) murders in the course or furtherance of theft , ( b ) murders by shooting or causing an explosion , ( c ) murders in the course or for the purpose of resisting lawful arrest or of escaping from legal custody , ( d ) murders of police officers in the [carrying out] of their duty and persons assisting them , and ( e ) murders by prisoners of prison officers in the [carrying out] of their duty and persons assisting them .

It was the last , far more trivial act , that led to his execution , rather than the brutal killing which would not otherwise have attracted the death penalty .
it was the last , far more trivial act , that led to his [carrying out] , rather than the brutal killing which would not otherwise have attracted the death penalty .

The challenge to its authority increased its reliance upon the secular power , upon fines , torture , and execution .
the challenge to its authority increased its reliance upon the secular power , upon fines , torture , and [carrying out] .

But the impossibility of relying upon orderly execution generated a mass of unproductive paper-work .
but the impossibility of relying upon orderly [carrying out] generated a mass of unproductive paper-work .

In late November a stay of execution seemed possible when some rodeo interests in North Queensland successfully lobbied the Labor caucus , arguing that the ban would mean destitution for this icon of Australian bush spirit , traditionally sponsored by tobacco .
in late november a stay of [carrying out] seemed possible when some rodeo interests in north queensland successfully lobbied the labor caucus , arguing that the ban would mean destitution for this icon of australian bush spirit , traditionally sponsored by tobacco .

The rationale of virtual-memory systems is that they can allocate memory on the basis of the actually observed demands for storage rather than on the potential , or worst case estimates , for the execution of a program .
the rationale of virtual-memory systems is that they can allocate memory on the basis of the actually observed demands for storage rather than on the potential , or worst case estimates , for the [carrying out] of a program .

In early computers , as mentioned above , input/output ( or transput ) operations were treated in the same way as internal operations ( such as addition ) ; once the operation had been started , the control unit awaited its completion , before continuing with the extraction , decoding , and execution of the next instruction .
in early computers , as mentioned above , input/output ( or transput ) operations were treated in the same way as internal operations ( such as addition ) ; once the operation had been started , the control unit awaited its completion , before continuing with the extraction , decoding , and [carrying out] of the next instruction .

Two disadvantages of such techniques are that each word has to have a tag field added to it ( and this may need to be quite long to hold a suitable range of values ) , and execution of each instruction becomes more complicated ( and therefore possibly slower ) .
two disadvantages of such techniques are that each word has to have a tag field added to it ( and this may need to be quite long to hold a suitable range of values ) , and [carrying out] of each instruction becomes more complicated ( and therefore possibly slower ) .

The simplest transfer of control instruction is , of course , the unconditional jump or unconditional branch , after the execution of which the next instruction is taken from the store address specified in the jump instruction .
the simplest transfer of control instruction is , of course , the unconditional jump or unconditional branch , after the [carrying out] of which the next instruction is taken from the store address specified in the jump instruction .

Most first and second generation computers had such an instruction to stop the computer , the instruction sometimes containing a store address at which execution was to be resumed upon suitable manual intervention .
most first and second generation computers had such an instruction to stop the computer , the instruction sometimes containing a store address at which [carrying out] was to be resumed upon suitable manual intervention .

An extracode is an instruction which has a normal instruction format , but attempted execution of which causes an interrupt to be taken into the supervisor , instead of causing execution by the hardware .
an extracode is an instruction which has a normal instruction format , but attempted [carrying out] of which causes an interrupt to be taken into the supervisor , instead of causing [carrying out] by the hardware .

While it is currently in execution , a process occupies certain registers within the processor , certain areas of main storage , and certain transput devices or parts of devices ( such as disc storage areas ) .
while it is currently in [carrying out] , a process occupies certain registers within the processor , certain areas of main storage , and certain transput devices or parts of devices ( such as disc storage areas ) .

For example , the fetching and execution of a `` store accumulator `` instruction can be broken down into a sequence of more primitive operations as shown in Figure 3.19 .
for example , the fetching and [carrying out] of a `` store accumulator `` instruction can be broken down into a sequence of more primitive operations as shown in figure 3.19 .

Notice also that we need extra electronics and time in the micro-instruction execution cycle to decode the fields .
notice also that we need extra electronics and time in the micro-instruction [carrying out] cycle to decode the fields .

( b ) Failure to answer police questions does not , by itself , amount to obstruction of the police in the execution of their duty .
( b ) failure to answer police questions does not , by itself , amount to obstruction of the police in the [carrying out] of their duty .

He dreamed the actual execution , including his head being separated from his body , and then abruptly woke up to find that his bed headboard had fallen and struck him on the back of the neck in the same place as the guillotine in the dream .
he dreamed the actual [carrying out] , including his head being separated from his body , and then abruptly woke up to find that his bed headboard had fallen and struck him on the back of the neck in the same place as the guillotine in the dream .

This might mean for instance rapidity in execution , neatness and correctness , skilful handling of small type and so on .
this might mean for instance rapidity in [carrying out] , neatness and correctness , skilful handling of small type and so on .

Within a few months of his execution a comment in the Notable British Trials volume which dealt with his case put this misgiving into perspective .
within a few months of his [carrying out] a comment in the notable british trials volume which dealt with his case put this misgiving into perspective .

When , not long before his execution , he passed comment on the mass-murder of the Nazi camps , it was only to point out that there were problems in supply and control during the last days of the Third Reich .
when , not long before his [carrying out] , he passed comment on the mass-murder of the nazi camps , it was only to point out that there were problems in supply and control during the last days of the third reich .

In one tirade of this kind — by no means his most bitter — he denounced those English intellectuals who ‘ skulked in lecture rooms ’ during the First World War to avoid the rigours of battle , and who were unmoved by the German execution of an English heroine like Nurse Edith Cavell .
in one tirade of this kind — by no means his most bitter — he denounced those english intellectuals who ‘ skulked in lecture rooms ’ during the first world war to avoid the rigours of battle , and who were unmoved by the german [carrying out] of an english heroine like nurse edith cavell .

Why should the Roman Church in Constantine 's time have adopted such a position , theologically so scandalous ? For nearly three hundred years , Christians had defied the might of the Empire , had steadfastly refused to compromise their convictions , had allowed themselves to be martyred , had found solace in the prospect of a greater glory in heaven . Why now should they be prepared to recognise as Messiah precisely the imperial authority which , three centuries before , had crucified Jesus — and which continued to practise execution by crucifixion on rebels against the State ?
why should the roman church in constantine 's time have adopted such a position , theologically so scandalous ? for nearly three hundred years , christians had defied the might of the empire , had steadfastly refused to compromise their convictions , had allowed themselves to be martyred , had found solace in the prospect of a greater glory in heaven . why now should they be prepared to recognise as messiah precisely the imperial authority which , three centuries before , had crucified jesus — and which continued to practise [carrying out] by crucifixion on rebels against the state ?

So far as methods of service are concerned , Article 7 of the Draft Convention begins with the clear statement that ‘ in the execution of a request service shall be effected as nearly as practicable in the manner prescribed by the law of the [ state of destination ] for analogous documents of local origin ' .
so far as methods of service are concerned , article 7 of the draft convention begins with the clear statement that ‘ in the [carrying out] of a request service shall be effected as nearly as practicable in the manner prescribed by the law of the [ state of destination ] for analogous documents of local origin ' .

the service requested is intended to confer on the tribunal making the request jurisdiction over a person who by the law of the State of execution can not be subjected to such jurisdiction .
the service requested is intended to confer on the tribunal making the request jurisdiction over a person who by the law of the state of [carrying out] can not be subjected to such jurisdiction .

However , Article 16 allows ‘ the States Parties ’ ( and the use of the plural is puzzling , as the action contemplated seems to be by individual states , and will be effective in this context only insofar as the declarant state is the state of destination ) to declare that the convention 's provisions cover the execution of letters rogatory in criminal , labour , and ‘ contentious-administrative ’ cases .
however , article 16 allows ‘ the states parties ’ ( and the use of the plural is puzzling , as the action contemplated seems to be by individual states , and will be effective in this context only insofar as the declarant state is the state of destination ) to declare that the convention 's provisions cover the [carrying out] of letters rogatory in criminal , labour , and ‘ contentious-administrative ’ cases .

Procedure for execution
procedure for [carrying out]

The execution of letters rogatory is governed by the law of the state of destination , though special procedures or formalities requested by the issuing authority may be observed if to do so would not be contrary to that law .
the [carrying out] of letters rogatory is governed by the law of the state of destination , though special procedures or formalities requested by the issuing authority may be observed if to do so would not be contrary to that law .

It does however provide expressly that execution of letters rogatory does not imply ultimate recognition of the jurisdiction of the authority issuing the letter rogatory or a commitment to recognise or enforce any judgment .
it does however provide expressly that [carrying out] of letters rogatory does not imply ultimate recognition of the jurisdiction of the authority issuing the letter rogatory or a commitment to recognise or enforce any judgment .

The forms are of the Letter Rogatory itself , which follows the functional layout of the Hague ‘ Request ’ rather than the formal , almost supplicatory , style of a traditional letter rogatory ; a statement of Essential Information for the Addressee , corresponding to the Hague ‘ Summary of the Document to be Served ’ ; and a Certificate of execution or non-execution again on the model of the corresponding Hague document .
the forms are of the letter rogatory itself , which follows the functional layout of the hague ‘ request ’ rather than the formal , almost supplicatory , style of a traditional letter rogatory ; a statement of essential information for the addressee , corresponding to the hague ‘ summary of the document to be served ’ ; and a certificate of [carrying out] or non-execution again on the model of the corresponding hague document .

However , as the travaux préparatoires indicate , many countries in the Americas require the costs of judicial acts to be borne by the interested parties , and the Protocol reflects this by allowing a state of destination to seek payment from the party seeking execution of the letter rogatory of charges payable under its local law .
however , as the travaux préparatoires indicate , many countries in the americas require the costs of judicial acts to be borne by the interested parties , and the protocol reflects this by allowing a state of destination to seek payment from the party seeking [carrying out] of the letter rogatory of charges payable under its local law .

This is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the execution of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .
this is a remarkably brief document , providing so far as service of documents is concerned for letters of request to be addressed by a diplomatic or consular officer of the requesting state to the competent authority of the requested state , and for the [carrying out] of any request the authenticity of which was not in doubt unless the requested state considered that this would be contrary to its public policy .

It seems , therefore , that Anton Piller orders should not be made for service and execution outside the jurisdiction .
it seems , therefore , that anton piller orders should not be made for service and [carrying out] outside the jurisdiction .

Perhaps more significant in this context was the stance taken by the United Kingdom and the European Court of Human Rights when a case was brought before the Court alleging that the service and execution of a particular Anton Piller order amounted to an unjustified interference with the applicants ‘ right to respect for his private and family life , his home and his correspondence ’ under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights .
perhaps more significant in this context was the stance taken by the united kingdom and the european court of human rights when a case was brought before the court alleging that the service and [carrying out] of a particular anton piller order amounted to an unjustified interference with the applicants ‘ right to respect for his private and family life , his home and his correspondence ’ under article 8 of the european convention on human rights .

The Court emphasised the importance of that element of the English practice that entrusts the execution of an order to the plaintiff 's solicitors and requires them to give a series of undertakings as to the manner of execution and the use made of the information or documents obtained .
the court emphasised the importance of that element of the english practice that entrusts the [carrying out] of an order to the plaintiff 's solicitors and requires them to give a series of undertakings as to the manner of [carrying out] and the use made of the information or documents obtained .

The execution of the letters rogatory might be refused only if the authenticity of the document was not established ; or if in the requested State its execution was not included within ‘ the attributes of judicial power ’ ; or if the request infringed the sovereignty or security of the requested State .
the [carrying out] of the letters rogatory might be refused only if the authenticity of the document was not established ; or if in the requested state its [carrying out] was not included within ‘ the attributes of judicial power ’ ; or if the request infringed the sovereignty or security of the requested state .

The act must be ‘ judicial ’ ; if it is not within the functions of the judiciary in the State of execution , e.g .
the act must be ‘ judicial ’ ; if it is not within the functions of the judiciary in the state of [carrying out] , e.g .

It is designed to operate as a ‘ check list ’ of all information which is considered to be desirable or necessary for the successful execution of the Request and its prompt return to the requesting authority .
it is designed to operate as a ‘ check list ’ of all information which is considered to be desirable or necessary for the successful [carrying out] of the request and its prompt return to the requesting authority .

The exceptional circumstances in which execution may be refused are very narrowly defined .
the exceptional circumstances in which [carrying out] may be refused are very narrowly defined .

The meeting of Experts in June 1978 discussed a difficult question , raised by the United States , as to whether or not a Central Authority was obliged to prosecute or to defend an appeal against a decision of the judicial authority granting or refusing execution of a Letter .
the meeting of experts in june 1978 discussed a difficult question , raised by the united states , as to whether or not a central authority was obliged to prosecute or to defend an appeal against a decision of the judicial authority granting or refusing [carrying out] of a letter .

Execution of Letters of Request
[carrying out] of letters of request

Attendance at the execution of the Letter of Request
attendance at the [carrying out] of the letter of request

Contracting States may declare that ‘ judicial personnel of the requesting authority ’ may be present at the execution of the letter .
contracting states may declare that ‘ judicial personnel of the requesting authority ’ may be present at the [carrying out] of the letter .

The judicial authority executing the request applies its own laws and procedures , save where a request is made to follow a special method or procedure , which is not incompatible with the law of the State of execution or impossible of performance by reason of its internal practice and procedure or by reason of other practical difficulties .
the judicial authority executing the request applies its own laws and procedures , save where a request is made to follow a special method or procedure , which is not incompatible with the law of the state of [carrying out] or impossible of performance by reason of its internal practice and procedure or by reason of other practical difficulties .

The documents establishing the execution of the Letter are to be sent by the requested authority to the requesting authority by the same channel as was used for transmission of the Request .
the documents establishing the [carrying out] of the letter are to be sent by the requested authority to the requesting authority by the same channel as was used for transmission of the request .

It might have continued had a prisoner on death row , Almond Nofomela , not made a dramatic confession on the eve of his execution on October 19 , 1989 .
it might have continued had a prisoner on death row , almond nofomela , not made a dramatic confession on the eve of his [carrying out] on october 19 , 1989 .

Examples of such housing were built in Europe in the 1940s , but when it came to the public sector imitations in this country , narrowness of concep-tion and meanness in execution translated the idea into the publicly owned slabs and boxes that have become a feature of the landscape in our major cities ( McDowell , 1983 ) .
examples of such housing were built in europe in the 1940s , but when it came to the public sector imitations in this country , narrowness of concep-tion and meanness in [carrying out] translated the idea into the publicly owned slabs and boxes that have become a feature of the landscape in our major cities ( mcdowell , 1983 ) .

There is a feeling that the photographer 's vision has been compromised , that between the idea and the execution something has escaped .
there is a feeling that the photographer 's vision has been compromised , that between the idea and the [carrying out] something has escaped .

Lancaster 's execution was followed by the despatch of many of his followers .
lancaster 's [carrying out] was followed by the despatch of many of his followers .

Six of his retainers were put to death at York on the day of his own execution , together with another eleven rebels , including Roger Clifford and John Mowbray , whose claim to the lordship of Gower had been set aside by the king in 1319 .
six of his retainers were put to death at york on the day of his own [carrying out] , together with another eleven rebels , including roger clifford and john mowbray , whose claim to the lordship of gower had been set aside by the king in 1319 .

Six weeks after Lancaster 's execution , on 2 May 1322 , parliament assembled at York to set the seal on the royalist victory .
six weeks after lancaster 's [carrying out] , on 2 may 1322 , parliament assembled at york to set the seal on the royalist victory .

After Rent 's execution the regime probably felt confident that it had overcome its enemies .
after rent 's [carrying out] the regime probably felt confident that it had overcome its enemies .

The implementation of the team recommendation programme is being finalised for execution this winter so that the full benefits of team working may be realised .
the implementation of the team recommendation programme is being finalised for [carrying out] this winter so that the full benefits of team working may be realised .

All 40 outstanding documents were duly written and agreed by the Bulgarian Nuclear safety Authority in time for execution .
all 40 outstanding documents were duly written and agreed by the bulgarian nuclear safety authority in time for [carrying out] .

The antler and noose would be used in the mock execution of the Morrisman , and the wild jig would bring everyone on to the green , laughing and screaming in the hot , summer night …
the antler and noose would be used in the mock [carrying out] of the morrisman , and the wild jig would bring everyone on to the green , laughing and screaming in the hot , summer night …

Choices can still be made between decision-making systems offering more or less opportunity for the involvement of workers in the design , planning and execution of production .
choices can still be made between decision-making systems offering more or less opportunity for the involvement of workers in the design , planning and [carrying out] of production .

This was in Wales , where royal authority had been dangerously undermined by the execution of William Herbert , earl of Pembroke .
this was in wales , where royal authority had been dangerously undermined by the [carrying out] of william herbert , earl of pembroke .

Gloucester again relinquished peripheral holdings in exchange for the last addition to his Yorkshire estates in March 1478 , shortly after the execution of Clarence .
gloucester again relinquished peripheral holdings in exchange for the last addition to his yorkshire estates in march 1478 , shortly after the [carrying out] of clarence .

But the family were also linked tenurially with the house of York , and after William Tyrell 's execution it was the dowager duchess of York who had custody of James and his land , although she granted both to William 's widow and her feoffees .
but the family were also linked tenurially with the house of york , and after william tyrell 's [carrying out] it was the dowager duchess of york who had custody of james and his land , although she granted both to william 's widow and her feoffees .

His first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the execution of the imprisoned Rivers and Grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him constituted treason .
his first move was to try and persuade the council to agree to the [carrying out] of the imprisoned rivers and grey on the grounds that their alleged plan to murder him constituted treason .

Certainly Polydore Vergil seems to have fallen victim to his own condensed chronology when he argues that it was the events at Stony Stratford which caused Hastings to mistrust Gloucester and so led to Hastings ' opposition and execution .
certainly polydore vergil seems to have fallen victim to his own condensed chronology when he argues that it was the events at stony stratford which caused hastings to mistrust gloucester and so led to hastings ' opposition and [carrying out] .

Somewhat more plausible is the possibility that Gloucester had decided to proceed to the execution of the captured Woodvilles ( as his letter to York perhaps implies ) and that Hastings , while willing to see Woodville power limited , was not prepared to countenance their execution .
somewhat more plausible is the possibility that gloucester had decided to proceed to the [carrying out] of the captured woodvilles ( as his letter to york perhaps implies ) and that hastings , while willing to see woodville power limited , was not prepared to countenance their [carrying out] .

In these areas there exist a number of churches which are Byzantine in inspiration but which differ from the eastern pattern in their execution .
in these areas there exist a number of churches which are byzantine in inspiration but which differ from the eastern pattern in their [carrying out] .

Best execution , they call it .
best [carrying out] , they call it .

Witnessing the construction of the object from the modules in the package and its execution under test ( if appropriate ) .
witnessing the construction of the object from the modules in the package and its [carrying out] under test ( if appropriate ) .

Interactive Execution
interactive [carrying out]

If there is any file access failure while the list is being produced , the program execution is terminated with a similar message .
if there is any file access failure while the list is being produced , the program [carrying out] is terminated with a similar message .

This option enables you to view and update the parameters for the execution of an Offline Cycle .
this option enables you to view and update the parameters for the [carrying out] of an offline cycle .

Indeed , the Paris Angels ' grade of high pressure , spacey funk is far closer in execution to the dance-enhanced Manc moves of late .
indeed , the paris angels ' grade of high pressure , spacey funk is far closer in [carrying out] to the dance-enhanced manc moves of late .

Performance is increased by prefetching the next instruction during the execution of the current instruction .
performance is increased by prefetching the next instruction during the [carrying out] of the current instruction .

The films that have tackled rape directly have been a strangely mixed bunch , confused in their intentions and their execution .
the films that have tackled rape directly have been a strangely mixed bunch , confused in their intentions and their [carrying out] .

Mothers , wives or other relatives who claim the bodies of executed loved ones have to pay 300 Iraq dinars ( £600 ) as an execution tax .
mothers , wives or other relatives who claim the bodies of executed loved ones have to pay 300 iraq dinars ( £600 ) as an [carrying out] tax .

Blocking of Californian execution
blocking of californian [carrying out]

On April 2 the Supreme Court ruled by six votes to three to uphold a stay of execution in the case of Robert Alton Harris , a convicted murderer who was due to die in the gas chamber of San Quentin Prison .
on april 2 the supreme court ruled by six votes to three to uphold a stay of [carrying out] in the case of robert alton harris , a convicted murderer who was due to die in the gas chamber of san quentin prison .

Harris 's death , scheduled for 3 a.m. on April 3 , was to have been the first execution in the state of California since 1967 .
harris 's death , scheduled for 3 a.m. on april 3 , was to have been the first [carrying out] in the state of california since 1967 .

At the end of March 1990 there were an estimated 277 prisoners awaiting execution in California .
at the end of march 1990 there were an estimated 277 prisoners awaiting [carrying out] in california .

On Nov. 16 , 1989 , an official government statement said that the execution and torture of " terrorists " was permitted under Islamic law .
on nov. 16 , 1989 , an official government statement said that the [carrying out] and torture of " terrorists " was permitted under islamic law .

Shia Moslems , who comprised a substantial minority of the Kuwaiti population , staged demonstrations in Kuwait City in September 1989 denouncing the execution of 16 Kuwaiti Shias in Saudi Arabia for their part in a July bomb attack in Mecca [ see pp .
shia moslems , who comprised a substantial minority of the kuwaiti population , staged demonstrations in kuwait city in september 1989 denouncing the [carrying out] of 16 kuwaiti shias in saudi arabia for their part in a july bomb attack in mecca [ see pp .

Execution of coup plotters
[carrying out] of coup plotters

Maj.-Gen. Ike Nwachukwu had chaired the tribunal which ordered the execution of 42 coup plotters in July [ see p. 37602 ] .
maj.-gen. ike nwachukwu had chaired the tribunal which ordered the [carrying out] of 42 coup plotters in july [ see p. 37602 ] .

Disciplinary proceedings were to be brought against Günter Sarge , who resigned as President of the Supreme Court on Jan. 19 , and against the deputy state Prosecutor-General , Harri Harland , for inadequate execution of their duties .
disciplinary proceedings were to be brought against günter sarge , who resigned as president of the supreme court on jan. 19 , and against the deputy state prosecutor-general , harri harland , for inadequate [carrying out] of their duties .

In a report published on Jan. 3 , the human rights organization Amnesty International accused the Israeli government of condoning , and even encouraging , the extrajudicial execution of Palestinian civilians in an effort to contain the intifada ( `` uprising `` ) .
in a report published on jan. 3 , the human rights organization amnesty international accused the israeli government of condoning , and even encouraging , the extrajudicial [carrying out] of palestinian civilians in an effort to contain the intifada ( `` uprising `` ) .

The convention 's first section on the main areas of co-operation was headed by a chapter on environmental issues , in which both sides committed themselves not just to respecting the environment in the planning and execution of aid projects , but also to ensuring that `` economic and social development is based on a sustainable balance between economic objectives , management of natural resources and enhancement of human resources ' .
the convention 's first section on the main areas of co-operation was headed by a chapter on environmental issues , in which both sides committed themselves not just to respecting the environment in the planning and [carrying out] of aid projects , but also to ensuring that `` economic and social development is based on a sustainable balance between economic objectives , management of natural resources and enhancement of human resources ' .

The section on development projects included more detailed provisions than previously on technical co-operation , implementation procedures , monitoring and evaluation of projects , and the allocation of responsibility for management and execution of projects .
the section on development projects included more detailed provisions than previously on technical co-operation , implementation procedures , monitoring and evaluation of projects , and the allocation of responsibility for management and [carrying out] of projects .

On June 22 , 1989 , a new law was ratified providing for the public execution of drug traffickers and dealers as well as of cultivators of plants used for drug production .
on june 22 , 1989 , a new law was ratified providing for the public [carrying out] of drug traffickers and dealers as well as of cultivators of plants used for drug production .

Maj.-Gen. Ike Nwachukwu had chaired the tribunal which ordered the execution of 42 coup plotters in July [ see p. 37602 ] .
maj.-gen. ike nwachukwu had chaired the tribunal which ordered the [carrying out] of 42 coup plotters in july [ see p. 37602 ] .

After completion of an 18-month inquiry a report was released by the United Kingdom Defence Ministry in October concluding that the Austrian President , Kurt Waldheim , was not involved in the execution of six British prisoners of war in Greece in 1944 , while a junior officer in the German Army , although he knew of their capture and probable fate [ see pp .
after completion of an 18-month inquiry a report was released by the united kingdom defence ministry in october concluding that the austrian president , kurt waldheim , was not involved in the [carrying out] of six british prisoners of war in greece in 1944 , while a junior officer in the german army , although he knew of their capture and probable fate [ see pp .

Waldheim continued to be banned from entering the United States because of his alleged participation in the execution and maltreatment of Allied prisoners and in the deportation of Jews .
waldheim continued to be banned from entering the united states because of his alleged participation in the [carrying out] and maltreatment of allied prisoners and in the deportation of jews .

Execution of Observer journalist
[carrying out] of observer journalist

Bazoft 's execution aroused widespread condemnation in the West .
bazoft 's [carrying out] aroused widespread condemnation in the west .

( Illegal posters acclaiming the overthrow and execution on Dec. 25 of the Romanian leader , Nicolae Ceausescu , had reportedly been put up on university campuses but quickly removed by the authorities . )
( illegal posters acclaiming the overthrow and [carrying out] on dec. 25 of the romanian leader , nicolae ceausescu , had reportedly been put up on university campuses but quickly removed by the authorities . )

Following the execution in December 1989 of the Romanian leader Nicolae Ceausescu , the 1988 decree awarding him the Order of Sükhbaatar was annulled .
following the [carrying out] in december 1989 of the romanian leader nicolae ceausescu , the 1988 decree awarding him the order of sükhbaatar was annulled .

After the execution of Majorian , Ricimer appointed Severus as emperor ; four years later he agreed to the elevation of Anthemius , but in 472 he had Anthemius executed and replaced him with Olybrius .
after the [carrying out] of majorian , ricimer appointed severus as emperor ; four years later he agreed to the elevation of anthemius , but in 472 he had anthemius executed and replaced him with olybrius .

The family connection was enhanced when Gundioc 's son , Gundobad , became Ricimer 's right-hand man , and as such he was responsible for the execution of Anthemius .
the family connection was enhanced when gundioc 's son , gundobad , became ricimer 's right-hand man , and as such he was responsible for the [carrying out] of anthemius .

The death sentences were commuted at the end of 1849 , but only when the prisoners had arrived at the place of execution and been led to believe , as Dostoevsky put it , that they `` had no more than a minute left to live `` .
the death sentences were commuted at the end of 1849 , but only when the prisoners had arrived at the place of [carrying out] and been led to believe , as dostoevsky put it , that they `` had no more than a minute left to live `` .

Eurobond firms participate in markets whose liquidity ( enabling rapid execution of large orders with minimum disturbance to prices or margins ) and efficiency ( in establishing prices which reflect all available information ) increase with the number of participants .
eurobond firms participate in markets whose liquidity ( enabling rapid [carrying out] of large orders with minimum disturbance to prices or margins ) and efficiency ( in establishing prices which reflect all available information ) increase with the number of participants .

By the eighteenth century foreign offices , departments of state concerned simply or mainly with the making and execution of foreign policy , could be seen in embryo in many parts of Europe .
by the eighteenth century foreign offices , departments of state concerned simply or mainly with the making and [carrying out] of foreign policy , could be seen in embryo in many parts of europe .

In rather the same way the practice of giving hostages for the due execution of a treaty , quite common in the distrustful atmosphere of the sixteenth century , was last seen in operation in 1748 , when two British peers were sent to Paris as guarantees of the restitution by Britain of the conquests she had made in north America at the expense of France .
in rather the same way the practice of giving hostages for the due [carrying out] of a treaty , quite common in the distrustful atmosphere of the sixteenth century , was last seen in operation in 1748 , when two british peers were sent to paris as guarantees of the restitution by britain of the conquests she had made in north america at the expense of france .

This sacramental process by which the body of Christ was healed was further stressed by the execution of the statutory obligation on parishioners to receive communion at least once a year .
this sacramental process by which the body of christ was healed was further stressed by the [carrying out] of the statutory obligation on parishioners to receive communion at least once a year .

When he remembers Christ condemned to carry his cross out of Jerusalem to the place of execution , he prays for compassion to identify with the sufferings of Mary , and when Christ is nailed to the cross the meditator 's awareness of the deadly processes of sin in himself appropriately obtrudes into the meditation .
when he remembers christ condemned to carry his cross out of jerusalem to the place of [carrying out] , he prays for compassion to identify with the sufferings of mary , and when christ is nailed to the cross the meditator 's awareness of the deadly processes of sin in himself appropriately obtrudes into the meditation .

best advice and best execution take reasonable steps to ensure that a transaction is effected on the best terms available at the time
best advice and best [carrying out] take reasonable steps to ensure that a transaction is effected on the best terms available at the time

Until the execution of any confidentiality agreement by your Representatives you agree to be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by your Representatives .
until the [carrying out] of any confidentiality agreement by your representatives you agree to be responsible for any breach of this agreement by your representatives .

Until the earliest of ( i ) the execution by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the Company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the Company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this Agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the Company regarding the Company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the Vendors .
until the earliest of ( i ) the [carrying out] by you of a definitive unconditional legally binding agreement regarding the acquisition of the company ; ( ii ) an acquisition of the company by a third party ; ( iii ) three years from the date of this agreement , you agree not to initiate or maintain contact ( except for those contacts made in the ordinary course of business ) with any officer , director or employee of the company regarding the company 's business , operations , prospects or finances , except with the express written permission of the vendors .

Even so , he was still almost caught out when Angel One launched his attack , by the eye-blurring speed of its execution .
even so , he was still almost caught out when angel one launched his attack , by the eye-blurring speed of its [carrying out] .

‘ He may have contravened the rules you devised , for your admittedly entertaining method of execution by single combat .
‘ he may have contravened the rules you devised , for your admittedly entertaining method of [carrying out] by single combat .

His response on that occasion was brilliant , both in planning and execution .
his response on that occasion was brilliant , both in planning and [carrying out] .

Involvement in the Initiative requires the Cambridge group to participate in the planning and execution of centrally organised surveys of work attitudes and work histories of individuals , and of households and employers .
involvement in the initiative requires the cambridge group to participate in the planning and [carrying out] of centrally organised surveys of work attitudes and work histories of individuals , and of households and employers .

With support from the Royal Institute of Public Administration and the Society of Local Authority Chief EXecutives in planning and execution , the research studies the genesis of the role , its development over time in response in different and changing environments , its present status , problems and fitness to needs , the characteristics of its occupants , and directions in which the local government executive function might most aptly develop to meet postulated future needs of local communities and environmental change .
with support from the royal institute of public administration and the society of local authority chief executives in planning and [carrying out] , the research studies the genesis of the role , its development over time in response in different and changing environments , its present status , problems and fitness to needs , the characteristics of its occupants , and directions in which the local government executive function might most aptly develop to meet postulated future needs of local communities and environmental change .

She was also absolutely open and honest ; her integrity blazed through all the details of cranky behaviour which the execution of her principles in her daily life demanded of her .
she was also absolutely open and honest ; her integrity blazed through all the details of cranky behaviour which the [carrying out] of her principles in her daily life demanded of her .

Preparation and execution of all work required for exhibits , posters etc .
preparation and [carrying out] of all work required for exhibits , posters etc .

Several motors can be controlled from the same microprocessor provided the execution time for each motor control routine is sufficiently short , as illustrated by the following example .
several motors can be controlled from the same microprocessor provided the [carrying out] time for each motor control routine is sufficiently short , as illustrated by the following example .

The latter , a somewhat shadowy figure in the biographical sources , is chiefly noted in the history of the time for having authorized with a fetva the execution of Seyh Bedreddin Simavi in 823/1420 ( ? )
the latter , a somewhat shadowy figure in the biographical sources , is chiefly noted in the history of the time for having authorized with a fetva the [carrying out] of seyh bedreddin simavi in 823/1420 ( ? )

Behind them hung a gilt looking-glass , Chinese in its style , cool as a breeze in its execution .
behind them hung a gilt looking-glass , chinese in its style , cool as a breeze in its [carrying out] .

The execution of these ideas with regard to graphical presentation and production of an addictive shoot-em-up arcade game have been carried out to the highest professional standard .
the [carrying out] of these ideas with regard to graphical presentation and production of an addictive shoot-em-up arcade game have been carried out to the highest professional standard .

speed of execution — 100 years in the life of a watershed can be simulated in a few seconds of computer time , and
speed of [carrying out] — 100 years in the life of a watershed can be simulated in a few seconds of computer time , and

His timing and execution were perfect , and the scene was done in one ‘ take ’ .
his timing and [carrying out] were perfect , and the scene was done in one ‘ take ’ .

The Westminster Review round the evolution of Gould 's work since his last publication quite remarkable , and Charles Wood , in his Ornithological Guide considered ‘ the plates in fidelity of delineation and beauty of execution are unrivalled ’ .
the westminster review round the evolution of gould 's work since his last publication quite remarkable , and charles wood , in his ornithological guide considered ‘ the plates in fidelity of delineation and beauty of [carrying out] are unrivalled ’ .

the execution in April 1980 of Imam Muhammad Baqer Sadr , the prominent Shiite cleric , whose house arrest the previous year had aroused Ayatollah Khomeini 's personal concern .
the [carrying out] in april 1980 of imam muhammad baqer sadr , the prominent shiite cleric , whose house arrest the previous year had aroused ayatollah khomeini 's personal concern .

Inside , the layout and execution are simple and austere .
inside , the layout and [carrying out] are simple and austere .

Near the Place des Greves , or rather the square close to it , a great crowd had gathered to witness an execution .
near the place des greves , or rather the square close to it , a great crowd had gathered to witness an [carrying out] .

Execution of documents 7 .
[carrying out] of documents 7 .

Effect of writ of execution
effect of writ of [carrying out]

If he does not , the successful plaintiff can enforce the judgment by causing a writ of execution to be issued .
if he does not , the successful plaintiff can enforce the judgment by causing a writ of [carrying out] to be issued .

However , section 138 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 protects the purchaser from this provided that when he bought the goods he was bona fide and unaware of any writ of execution relating to the defendant .
however , section 138 of the supreme court act 1981 protects the purchaser from this provided that when he bought the goods he was bona fide and unaware of any writ of [carrying out] relating to the defendant .

This would occur if the winner of the initial contract benefited from learning-by-doing during its execution and was able to appropriate those benefits , enabling him to compete advantageously when terms are renegotiated .
this would occur if the winner of the initial contract benefited from learning-by-doing during its [carrying out] and was able to appropriate those benefits , enabling him to compete advantageously when terms are renegotiated .

The decisions are put into effect by administrators , who may be more or less effective in their execution .
the decisions are put into effect by administrators , who may be more or less effective in their [carrying out] .

Once again Benjamin used his warrant , pushing his way through the grumbling spectators until we had a good view of both the execution scene and Smithfield Common .
once again benjamin used his warrant , pushing his way through the grumbling spectators until we had a good view of both the [carrying out] scene and smithfield common .

The execution stake was now hidden beneath its wall of flame .
the [carrying out] stake was now hidden beneath its wall of flame .

Benjamin remained locked in the sombre mood which had dogged him since he had witnessed Buckingham 's execution .
benjamin remained locked in the sombre mood which had dogged him since he had witnessed buckingham 's [carrying out] .

You could imagine Tutankhamun sparing a man on the point of execution , or ordering the death of thousands , without the slightest twitch of an eye muscle .
you could imagine tutankhamun sparing a man on the point of [carrying out] , or ordering the death of thousands , without the slightest twitch of an eye muscle .

‘ Every day hundreds of people — chained , pinioned and fettered were brought to [ the sultan 's hall ] and those who were for execution were executed , those for torture tortured , and those for beating beaten .
‘ every day hundreds of people — chained , pinioned and fettered were brought to [ the sultan 's hall ] and those who were for [carrying out] were executed , those for torture tortured , and those for beating beaten .

Nicols , Winch and Hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a subsequent assumpsit after the execution of the consideration is binding .
nicols , winch and hobart held that the action was well laid because it was alleged that there was a request before the endeavour was made and where there is such a precedent request , a subsequent assumpsit after the [carrying out] of the consideration is binding .

‘ Mr Swinton is reticent about everything to do with the painting except to express his relief and delight at the perfect union of conception and execution .
‘ mr swinton is reticent about everything to do with the painting except to express his relief and delight at the perfect union of conception and [carrying out] .

These courts continued to function until 1943 and sentenced thousands of Spaniards to execution or imprisonment .
these courts continued to function until 1943 and sentenced thousands of spaniards to [carrying out] or imprisonment .

Four days before the publication of the monarchists ' letter to Don Juan , the United Nations issued a condemnation of the Franco regime , following the execution in Madrid of ten Leftists accused of anti-regime guerrilla activities .
four days before the publication of the monarchists ' letter to don juan , the united nations issued a condemnation of the franco regime , following the [carrying out] in madrid of ten leftists accused of anti-regime guerrilla activities .

Widespread public discontent with soaring food prices was reported on July 29 to have led the government to order the execution of seven food merchants charged with profiteering .
widespread public discontent with soaring food prices was reported on july 29 to have led the government to order the [carrying out] of seven food merchants charged with profiteering .

In 1992 the death penalty remained in force in 106 countries , among them China , which was censured by the report for authorizing the execution of more than 1,000 people in 1991 .
in 1992 the death penalty remained in force in 106 countries , among them china , which was censured by the report for authorizing the [carrying out] of more than 1,000 people in 1991 .

The report accused the South African government of complicity in the extrajudicial execution of its political opponents .
the report accused the south african government of complicity in the extrajudicial [carrying out] of its political opponents .

President Saddam Hussein in a radio broadcast on Aug. 12 confirmed the execution , first reported in late July [ see p. 39026 , of merchants charged with profiteering .
president saddam hussein in a radio broadcast on aug. 12 confirmed the [carrying out] , first reported in late july [ see p. 39026 , of merchants charged with profiteering .

Execution of " counter-revolutionary " — trade relations
[carrying out] of " counter-revolutionary " — trade relations

Execution of Abu Iyad 's assassin
[carrying out] of abu iyad 's assassin

On April 20 the Egyptian liberal opposition newspaper Al Wafd said that Abu Salih had been placed under house arrest for opposing the execution on April 16 of 20 army officers involved in a coup attempt .
on april 20 the egyptian liberal opposition newspaper al wafd said that abu salih had been placed under house arrest for opposing the [carrying out] on april 16 of 20 army officers involved in a coup attempt .

Mehmet Kececiler , the most senior Minister of State , sparked a major controversy with a statement on Oct. 13 that the government wanted the Grand National Assembly ( parliament ) to sanction immediately the execution of nearly 200 political extremists .
mehmet kececiler , the most senior minister of state , sparked a major controversy with a statement on oct. 13 that the government wanted the grand national assembly ( parliament ) to sanction immediately the [carrying out] of nearly 200 political extremists .

Drug `` kingpins `` ( leading figures within large-scale drug operations ) would be liable for execution .
drug `` kingpins `` ( leading figures within large-scale drug operations ) would be liable for [carrying out] .

Paul Bezuidenhout , due to be hanged on March 5 following the rejection of his appeal the previous September , was granted a stay of execution by the Supreme Court .
paul bezuidenhout , due to be hanged on march 5 following the rejection of his appeal the previous september , was granted a stay of [carrying out] by the supreme court .

Execution warrants for March 7 were issued for two prisoners on death row , despite international calls for clemency .
[carrying out] warrants for march 7 were issued for two prisoners on death row , despite international calls for clemency .

In the event a stay of execution was granted on March 6 .
in the event a stay of [carrying out] was granted on march 6 .

They were said to face summary execution if found guilty of complicity in what had been the fifth rumoured coup attempt since the military took power in June 1989 .
they were said to face summary [carrying out] if found guilty of complicity in what had been the fifth rumoured coup attempt since the military took power in june 1989 .

Execution of drug offenders
[carrying out] of drug offenders

The execution on Oct. 9 of three members of the Islamic fundamentalist Nahda movement , along with two child murderers , represented a significant hardening of official policy towards the movement .
the [carrying out] on oct. 9 of three members of the islamic fundamentalist nahda movement , along with two child murderers , represented a significant hardening of official policy towards the movement .

Another four men and three women were sentenced to prison terms of between four and 30 years on charges of murder and piracy [ for January execution of alleged counter-revolutionary see p. 38715 ] .
another four men and three women were sentenced to prison terms of between four and 30 years on charges of murder and piracy [ for january [carrying out] of alleged counter-revolutionary see p. 38715 ] .

Execution of Roger Coleman
[carrying out] of roger coleman

The execution ended a case which had aroused intense public interest , not least because of strong evidence that Coleman was innocent of the crime of which he had been convicted .
the [carrying out] ended a case which had aroused intense public interest , not least because of strong evidence that coleman was innocent of the crime of which he had been convicted .

Darci Alves confessed to sole responsibility , in what was seen as an attempt to get his father acquitted , but a key prosecution witness , Genesio Ferreira da Silva , 15 , a former employee and relative of the Alves family , stated that he had overheard both of them plotting the murder and that they had celebrated its successful execution with a barbecue .
darci alves confessed to sole responsibility , in what was seen as an attempt to get his father acquitted , but a key prosecution witness , genesio ferreira da silva , 15 , a former employee and relative of the alves family , stated that he had overheard both of them plotting the murder and that they had celebrated its successful [carrying out] with a barbecue .

Execution of alleged assassin of Abu Iyad
[carrying out] of alleged assassin of abu iyad

In mid-1991 a major anti-drug campaign was launched which resulted in the imprisonment and execution of a number of drug offenders .
in mid-1991 a major anti-drug campaign was launched which resulted in the imprisonment and [carrying out] of a number of drug offenders .

The Afghan Islamic Press Agency reported on Sept. 15 that a public execution had taken place in Jalalabad that day .
the afghan islamic press agency reported on sept. 15 that a public [carrying out] had taken place in jalalabad that day .

Eleven convicted murderers were hanged on Nov. 15 in what was claimed by human rights activists as the biggest mass execution in the country 's history .
eleven convicted murderers were hanged on nov. 15 in what was claimed by human rights activists as the biggest mass [carrying out] in the country 's history .

Dismissal and reported execution of Iraqi Army Chief-of-Staff — Reported assassination of Iraqi governor of Kuwait
dismissal and reported [carrying out] of iraqi army chief-of-staff — reported assassination of iraqi governor of kuwait

The National Assembly on Oct. 1 approved the dissolution of the powerful National Defence Council , the body which had played a major role in the planning and execution of security policy during the Vietnam war .
the national assembly on oct. 1 approved the dissolution of the powerful national defence council , the body which had played a major role in the planning and [carrying out] of security policy during the vietnam war .

Execution of alleged coup plotters
[carrying out] of alleged coup plotters

39118-19 ] , the government issued a decree on Oct. 1 against `` subversion and terrorism `` , creating three secret courts , lowering the age of responsibility from 18 to 16 years and introducing sanctions including long prison terms and execution , without right of appeal .
39118-19 ] , the government issued a decree on oct. 1 against `` subversion and terrorism `` , creating three secret courts , lowering the age of responsibility from 18 to 16 years and introducing sanctions including long prison terms and [carrying out] , without right of appeal .

Martin Luther King , the 50th state to do so , and decided to switch its method of execution from gas chamber to lethal injection .
martin luther king , the 50th state to do so , and decided to switch its method of [carrying out] from gas chamber to lethal injection .

Organization and execution of coup
organization and [carrying out] of coup

Execution of coup plotters
[carrying out] of coup plotters

No details were given of the date of execution .
no details were given of the date of [carrying out] .

It was the first execution in California for 25 years and was conducted amidst an unprecedented degree of legal wrangling and confusion , a context which fuelled the divisive national debate concerning the legitimacy of the death sentence .
it was the first [carrying out] in california for 25 years and was conducted amidst an unprecedented degree of legal wrangling and confusion , a context which fuelled the divisive national debate concerning the legitimacy of the death sentence .

Although his crime had been extremely callous — after killing the boys he had consumed the remains of their half-eaten lunch — opponents of the death sentence had appealed for clemency on the grounds that Harris was mentally unfit for execution , having suffered from foetal-alcohol syndrome and extensive childhood abuse .
although his crime had been extremely callous — after killing the boys he had consumed the remains of their half-eaten lunch — opponents of the death sentence had appealed for clemency on the grounds that harris was mentally unfit for [carrying out] , having suffered from foetal-alcohol syndrome and extensive childhood abuse .

After exhausting the appeals process , the final execution date — the fifth to have been set for Harris — was arranged on March 14 .
after exhausting the appeals process , the final [carrying out] date — the fifth to have been set for harris — was arranged on march 14 .

Execution of Bahai
[carrying out] of bahai

The court ruled that there was sufficient evidence for a sixth charge , of complicity in the execution of seven Jewish hostages in 1944 , but that this was not a crime against humanity since it was not part of a " methodical extermination plan " , and that it therefore fell under a 20-year statute of limitations for the prosecution of " ordinary " war crimes .
the court ruled that there was sufficient evidence for a sixth charge , of complicity in the [carrying out] of seven jewish hostages in 1944 , but that this was not a crime against humanity since it was not part of a " methodical extermination plan " , and that it therefore fell under a 20-year statute of limitations for the prosecution of " ordinary " war crimes .

Amnesty International report on East Timor — Execution of Moslem extremist
amnesty international report on east timor — [carrying out] of moslem extremist

Execution of Israeli spies
[carrying out] of israeli spies

Deeds and their execution
deeds and their [carrying out]

( 1 ) Any rule of law which — ( a ) restricts the substances on which a deed may be written ; ( b ) requires a seal for the valid execution of an instrument as a deed by an individual ; or ( c ) requires authority by one person to another to deliver an instrument as a deed on his behalf to be given by deed , is abolished .
( 1 ) any rule of law which — ( a ) restricts the substances on which a deed may be written ; ( b ) requires a seal for the valid [carrying out] of an instrument as a deed by an individual ; or ( c ) requires authority by one person to another to deliver an instrument as a deed on his behalf to be given by deed , is abolished .

( 10 ) The references in this section to the execution of a deed by an individual do not include execution by a corporation sole and the reference in subsection ( 7 ) above to signing , sealing or delivery by an individual does not include signing , sealing or delivery by such a corporation .
( 10 ) the references in this section to the [carrying out] of a deed by an individual do not include [carrying out] by a corporation sole and the reference in subsection ( 7 ) above to signing , sealing or delivery by an individual does not include signing , sealing or delivery by such a corporation .

There is , of course , no doubt that the mere fact that a covenant , whether on the part of the landlord or of a tenant , involves an obligation to pay a liquidated sum of money does not of itself demonstrate that the covenant is not one which touches and concerns the land … The tenant argues … that , inasmuch as the tenant 's obligation to pay over the deposit on the execution of the lease was an obligation to secure the performance of covenants which touched and concerned the land , it was an obligation inextricably associated with covenants whose benefit and burden would pass with the reversion in the lease respectively .
there is , of course , no doubt that the mere fact that a covenant , whether on the part of the landlord or of a tenant , involves an obligation to pay a liquidated sum of money does not of itself demonstrate that the covenant is not one which touches and concerns the land … the tenant argues … that , inasmuch as the tenant 's obligation to pay over the deposit on the [carrying out] of the lease was an obligation to secure the performance of covenants which touched and concerned the land , it was an obligation inextricably associated with covenants whose benefit and burden would pass with the reversion in the lease respectively .

The sum deposited is to be paid on or before the execution of the lease .
the sum deposited is to be paid on or before the [carrying out] of the lease .

210 In all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and execution , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and execution to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such execution executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and execution executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .
210 in all cases between landlord and tenant , as often as it shall happen that one half year 's rent shall be in arrear , and the landlord or lessor , to whom the same is due , hath right by law to re-enter for the non-payment thereof , such landlord or lessor shall and may , without any formal demand or re-entry , serve a writ in ejectment for the recovery of the demised premises , which service shall stand in the place and stead of a demand and re-entry ; and in case of judgment against the defendant for non-appearance , if it shall be made appear to the court where the said action is depending , by affidavit , or be proved upon the trial in case the defendant appears , that half a year 's rent was due before the said writ was served , and that no sufficient distress was to be found on the demised premises , countervailing the arrears then due , and that the lessor had power to re-enter , then and in every such case the lessor shall recover judgment and [carrying out] , in the same manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded , and a re-entry made ; and in case the lessee or his assignee , or other person claiming or deriving under the said lease , shall permit and suffer judgment to be had and recovered on such trial in ejectment , and [carrying out] to be executed thereon , without paying the rent and arrears , together with full costs , and without proceeding for relief in equity within six months after such [carrying out] executed , then and in such case the said lessee , his assignee , and all other persons claiming and deriving under the said lease , shall be barred and foreclosed from all relief or remedy in law or equity , other than by bringing error for reversal of such judgment , in case the same shall be erroneous , and the said landlord or lessor shall from thenceforth hold the said demised premises discharged from such lease ; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to bar the right of any mortgagee of such lease , or any part thereof , who shall not be in possession , so as such mortgagee shall and do , within six months after such judgment obtained and [carrying out] executed pay all rent in arrear , and all costs and damages sustained by such lessor or person entitled to the remainder or reversion as aforesaid , and perform all the covenants and agreements which , on the part and behalf of the first lessee , are and ought to be performed .

( 4 ) Where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to execution of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .
( 4 ) where a lessor is proceeding by action or otherwise to enforce a right of re-entry or forfeiture under any covenant , proviso , or stipulation in a lease , or for non-payment of rent , the court may , on application by any person claiming as an under-lessee any estate or interest in the property comprised in the lease or any part thereof , either in the lessor 's action ( if any ) or in any action brought by such person for that purpose , make an order vesting , for the whole term of the lease or any less term , the property comprised in the lease , or any part thereof in any person entitled as under-lessee to any estate or interest in such property upon such conditions as to [carrying out] of any deed or other document , payment of rent , costs , expenses , damages , compensation , giving security , or otherwise , as the court in the circumstances of each case may think fit , but in no case shall any such under-lessee be entitled to require a lease to be granted to him for any longer term than he had his original sub-lease .

( c ) Independent contractors Section 2(4) ( b ) states : Where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty execution of any work of construction , maintenance or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier , the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps ( if any ) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done .
( c ) independent contractors section 2(4) ( b ) states : where damage is caused to a visitor by a danger due to the faulty [carrying out] of any work of construction , maintenance or repair by an independent contractor employed by the occupier , the occupier is not to be treated without more as answerable for the danger if in all the circumstances he had acted reasonably in entrusting the work to an independent contractor and had taken such steps ( if any ) as he reasonably ought in order to satisfy himself that the contractor was competent and that the work had been properly done .

( i ) The facts of the case must come within the section , which only applies to , the " faulty execution of … construction , maintenance or repair … " Where a case falls outside the section the common law rule will apply .
( i ) the facts of the case must come within the section , which only applies to , the " faulty [carrying out] of … construction , maintenance or repair … " where a case falls outside the section the common law rule will apply .

Apart from the meeting and coronation in London , and Cnut 's presence there at Christmas 1017 for Eadric 's execution , little is known of his whereabouts very early in the reign .
apart from the meeting and coronation in london , and cnut 's presence there at christmas 1017 for eadric 's [carrying out] , little is known of his whereabouts very early in the reign .

Subject to Section 310 of the Act , every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under Sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the Act in which relief is granted to him by the Court , and no Director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the Company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .
subject to section 310 of the act , every director or other officer of the company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the [carrying out] of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the act in which relief is granted to him by the court , and no director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the company in the [carrying out] of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .

Subject to Section 310 of the Act , every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under Sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the Act in which relief is granted to him by the Court , and no Director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the Company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .
subject to section 310 of the act , every director or other officer of the company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the [carrying out] of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto , including any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings , whether civil or criminal , in which judgement is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any application under sections 144 ( 3 ) or ( 4 ) or 727 of the act in which relief is granted to him by the court , and no director or other officer shall be liable for any loss , damage or misfortune which may happen to or be incurred by the company in the [carrying out] of the duties of his office or in relation thereto .

If the system is used to derive advice for a professional to use in the execution of his duties , the ultimate recipient of the advice may find that he has a right of action against the professional or the system developer ( or even the independent experts and knowledge engineers engaged by the system developer ) .
if the system is used to derive advice for a professional to use in the [carrying out] of his duties , the ultimate recipient of the advice may find that he has a right of action against the professional or the system developer ( or even the independent experts and knowledge engineers engaged by the system developer ) .

In this way the fabliaux present a consistent world of characters and events , a world that in terms of the motivation and execution of actions , of the basic set of relationships noted above , is very much a human world .
in this way the fabliaux present a consistent world of characters and events , a world that in terms of the motivation and [carrying out] of actions , of the basic set of relationships noted above , is very much a human world .

e ) Every member of the Executive Committee and its standing Sub-Committees and the holder of any office of the Society shall be entitled to be indemnified against all costs , charges , losses , expenses and liabilities incurred by them in the execution and discharge of their responsibilities relating to the Society .
e ) every member of the executive committee and its standing sub-committees and the holder of any office of the society shall be entitled to be indemnified against all costs , charges , losses , expenses and liabilities incurred by them in the [carrying out] and discharge of their responsibilities relating to the society .

He would watch an execution or a flogging with evident enjoyment .
he would watch an [carrying out] or a flogging with evident enjoyment .

Ajax hath lost a friend , And foams at the mouth , and he is armed and at it , Roaring for Troilus , who hath done today Mad and fantastic execution …
ajax hath lost a friend , and foams at the mouth , and he is armed and at it , roaring for troilus , who hath done today mad and fantastic [carrying out] …

We crossed the huge market square where a great throng had gathered to witness the execution of two brothers found guilty by the Judges of Assizes of plotting against the King .
we crossed the huge market square where a great throng had gathered to witness the [carrying out] of two brothers found guilty by the judges of assizes of plotting against the king .

We provide Free Representation to those awaiting execution in the West Indies in conjunction with our friends at the Law Society .
we provide free representation to those awaiting [carrying out] in the west indies in conjunction with our friends at the law society .

Commenting on the prospects , Jim O'Neill , international economist with Swiss Bank Corp , said : ‘ They 've got a stay of execution between now and the next set of trade figures .
commenting on the prospects , jim o'neill , international economist with swiss bank corp , said : ‘ they 've got a stay of [carrying out] between now and the next set of trade figures .

Included in the pardon were General Leopoldo Galtieri , the former army commander and president , and 38 other officers who faced trial over the disappearance and presumed execution of almost 9,000 people during the 1976-83 military regime .
included in the pardon were general leopoldo galtieri , the former army commander and president , and 38 other officers who faced trial over the disappearance and presumed [carrying out] of almost 9,000 people during the 1976-83 military regime .

In the execution of their duties the foresters often had to contend with armed bands of desperate men ; in many cases they were beaten and even killed while attempting to arrest Forest offenders .
in the [carrying out] of their duties the foresters often had to contend with armed bands of desperate men ; in many cases they were beaten and even killed while attempting to arrest forest offenders .

It prayed for relief in respect of ‘ the rigid execution of forest laws in the extremity ’ and ‘ the exaction of inordinate fees by some officers under the Lord Chief Justice of the Forest in Eyre , .
it prayed for relief in respect of ‘ the rigid [carrying out] of forest laws in the extremity ’ and ‘ the exaction of inordinate fees by some officers under the lord chief justice of the forest in eyre , .

Their emoluments were increased in accordance with their rank and dignity , but their offices were of course sinecures : the execution of Crown policy had long passed into the hands of the Surveyors-General of Woods and Forests .
their emoluments were increased in accordance with their rank and dignity , but their offices were of course sinecures : the [carrying out] of crown policy had long passed into the hands of the surveyors-general of woods and forests .

There was controversy in the second-century churches whether a Christian could be a magistrate or bear public authority , activities which might require apparently compromising with idolatry or condemning criminals to execution .
there was controversy in the second-century churches whether a christian could be a magistrate or bear public authority , activities which might require apparently compromising with idolatry or condemning criminals to [carrying out] .

St Paul had been sent to Rome a prisoner , and suffered eventual execution .
st paul had been sent to rome a prisoner , and suffered eventual [carrying out] .

And when it came its execution was planned with the perfectionist 's precision that was already Kylie 's hallmark .
and when it came its [carrying out] was planned with the perfectionist 's precision that was already kylie 's hallmark .

The state 's involvement offers crucial protection , since failure to accept a coin or tampering with it in some way , like making a forgery , then is regarded as a crime against the state , and serious penalties including execution have frequently been normal for such activities .
the state 's involvement offers crucial protection , since failure to accept a coin or tampering with it in some way , like making a forgery , then is regarded as a crime against the state , and serious penalties including [carrying out] have frequently been normal for such activities .

Sentenced to be hung by the peer 's privilege of a silken rope , for his transportation to Tyburn he dressed in his wedding suit , on the grounds that his marriage was the only occasion in his life to have caused him as much distress as his execution .
sentenced to be hung by the peer 's privilege of a silken rope , for his transportation to tyburn he dressed in his wedding suit , on the grounds that his marriage was the only occasion in his life to have caused him as much distress as his [carrying out] .

Zambia hunched miserably on a plump floor-cushion , awaiting execution of hir sentence .
zambia hunched miserably on a plump floor-cushion , awaiting [carrying out] of hir sentence .

Mr Waite said that during his captivity he endured torture , a mock execution and four years solitary confinement , including a period in which he lay blindfolded in a foetal position day and night with his hands and feet chained together .
mr waite said that during his captivity he endured torture , a mock [carrying out] and four years solitary confinement , including a period in which he lay blindfolded in a foetal position day and night with his hands and feet chained together .

’ Ali 's jab ( more like a straight of jolting electricity ) came in triplets , each a thousandth of a second in execution .
’ ali 's jab ( more like a straight of jolting electricity ) came in triplets , each a thousandth of a second in [carrying out] .

Execution and bankruptcy
[carrying out] and bankruptcy

When judgement has been obtained against a man in respect of any debt or liability , it will be enforced , if need be , by execution , i.e .
when judgement has been obtained against a man in respect of any debt or liability , it will be enforced , if need be , by [carrying out] , i.e .

At one time execution might be made against the debtor 's person , and he could be kept in prison indefinitely in default of payment .
at one time [carrying out] might be made against the debtor 's person , and he could be kept in prison indefinitely in default of payment .

When a person 's property is insufficient for payment of his debts , it would obviously be unfair that the creditors who first obtain judgement and execution should be paid in full , leaving nothing to those who may try to enforce their claims later ; nor is it desirable that a man should indefinitely remain under a load of debts which ( it may be through no fault of his own ) he is unable to meet .
when a person 's property is insufficient for payment of his debts , it would obviously be unfair that the creditors who first obtain judgement and [carrying out] should be paid in full , leaving nothing to those who may try to enforce their claims later ; nor is it desirable that a man should indefinitely remain under a load of debts which ( it may be through no fault of his own ) he is unable to meet .

Would you carry out the execution ?
would you carry out the [carrying out] ?

The state Supreme Court recently rejected his latest habeas corpus petition ; his execution is scheduled to take place at 3am in the gas chamber at San Quentin prison on April 3rd .
the state supreme court recently rejected his latest habeas corpus petition ; his [carrying out] is scheduled to take place at 3am in the gas chamber at san quentin prison on april 3rd .

The 1990 election campaigns are confirming that this lesson was well learnt : candidates are indulging in ghoulish rivalry in support of execution .
the 1990 election campaigns are confirming that this lesson was well learnt : candidates are indulging in ghoulish rivalry in support of [carrying out] .

Mr Van de Kamp , the state attorney-general , who admits to a personal distaste for execution , has responded with a commercial in which he boasts of sending people to death row — while , in the background , the camera dwells on a close-up of the gas chamber .
mr van de kamp , the state attorney-general , who admits to a personal distaste for [carrying out] , has responded with a commercial in which he boasts of sending people to death row — while , in the background , the camera dwells on a close-up of the gas chamber .

The Supreme Court under Chief Justice William Rehnquist is unhappy about the long delays between sentencing and execution .
the supreme court under chief justice william rehnquist is unhappy about the long delays between sentencing and [carrying out] .

Yet , thanks to the cumbersome appeals procedure , each execution currently costs between $ 2m and $ 5m , four or five times what it costs to keep someone in prison for life .
yet , thanks to the cumbersome appeals procedure , each [carrying out] currently costs between $ 2m and $ 5m , four or five times what it costs to keep someone in prison for life .

California 's first execution may open the floodgates .
california 's first [carrying out] may open the floodgates .

He is on death row awaiting execution for a non-political murder .
he is on death row awaiting [carrying out] for a non-political murder .

Mr Jonathon Crystal , defence counsel , said there would be an appeal against the amount of damages and was granted a stay of execution .
mr jonathon crystal , defence counsel , said there would be an appeal against the amount of damages and was granted a stay of [carrying out] .

Mr Jonathon Crystal , defence counsel , said there would be an appeal against the amount of damages and was granted a stay of execution .
mr jonathon crystal , defence counsel , said there would be an appeal against the amount of damages and was granted a stay of [carrying out] .

In order to administer this vast labyrinth of bargaining , there are some 200 committees which participate in the planning , implementation and execution of joint programmes and investment activities .
in order to administer this vast labyrinth of bargaining , there are some 200 committees which participate in the planning , implementation and [carrying out] of joint programmes and investment activities .

Funds were also provided by Lambeth Council as the local Inner City Partnership Authority , for the execution of landscaping and external works .
funds were also provided by lambeth council as the local inner city partnership authority , for the [carrying out] of landscaping and external works .

the big movie — the execution scene of Jew Süss ( 1934 ) , filmed at the Gaumont-British studio
the big movie — the [carrying out] scene of jew süss ( 1934 ) , filmed at the gaumont-british studio

But a few days before Khrushchev was summoned back to Moscow from the Black Sea for his political execution , Mr Voronov received an unexpected invitation to go hunting with Brezhnev .
but a few days before khrushchev was summoned back to moscow from the black sea for his political [carrying out] , mr voronov received an unexpected invitation to go hunting with brezhnev .

The execution , however , and this is typical of the 17th century Dutch masters , is more minute ; and the composition , completely determined by a diagonal , is stricter than that of the English painters .
the [carrying out] , however , and this is typical of the 17th century dutch masters , is more minute ; and the composition , completely determined by a diagonal , is stricter than that of the english painters .

No stay of execution .
no stay of [carrying out] .

His was the first reported execution in several months for an offence related to the ‘ counter-revolutionary rebellion ’ .
his was the first reported [carrying out] in several months for an offence related to the ‘ counter-revolutionary rebellion ’ .

In addition to imprisonment , those believed to have advocated Irian Jaya 's independence , whether through peaceful or violent means , continue to be at risk of torture , ill-treatment , ‘ disappearance ’ , and extrajudicial execution by Indonesian security forces .
in addition to imprisonment , those believed to have advocated irian jaya 's independence , whether through peaceful or violent means , continue to be at risk of torture , ill-treatment , ‘ disappearance ’ , and extrajudicial [carrying out] by indonesian security forces .

David had decided to seed ‘ voluntary ’ execution — to drop all appeals and allow his execution to take place .
david had decided to seed ‘ voluntary ’ [carrying out] — to drop all appeals and allow his [carrying out] to take place .

Those awaiting execution will spend their last days almost entirely alone .
those awaiting [carrying out] will spend their last days almost entirely alone .

My scepticism relates both to the planning and execution of this menu .
my scepticism relates both to the planning and [carrying out] of this menu .

It is suggested that recognition of this distinction is fundamental to the efficient and economical design and execution of stability tests .
it is suggested that recognition of this distinction is fundamental to the efficient and economical design and [carrying out] of stability tests .

It has considered the objectives of stability tests , their planning , execution and the interpretation of the results obtained .
it has considered the objectives of stability tests , their planning , [carrying out] and the interpretation of the results obtained .

The president became the Minister of Education with the duty to secure the effective execution by local authorities , under his control and direction , of the national policy for providing a varied and comprehensive educational service in every area .
the president became the minister of education with the duty to secure the effective [carrying out] by local authorities , under his control and direction , of the national policy for providing a varied and comprehensive educational service in every area .

No after action reports seem to have been filed for any of these early raids , which is not surprising considering the impromptu nature of their planning and execution .
no after action reports seem to have been filed for any of these early raids , which is not surprising considering the impromptu nature of their planning and [carrying out] .

The planning of operations by those who are going to carry them out , obviates delay and misunderstandings which happen to be caused by intermediate stages , and makes for the speed of execution which in any operation of this kind is an incalculable asset .
the planning of operations by those who are going to carry them out , obviates delay and misunderstandings which happen to be caused by intermediate stages , and makes for the speed of [carrying out] which in any operation of this kind is an incalculable asset .

The prints and drawings on display by Durer , Cranach , and others reveal the cruelty and revenge inflicted on both sides during the uprising , and in Muntzer 's execution in 1525 .
the prints and drawings on display by durer , cranach , and others reveal the cruelty and revenge inflicted on both sides during the uprising , and in muntzer 's [carrying out] in 1525 .

With German exactness , they show in elaborate detail the instruments of torture and execution .
with german exactness , they show in elaborate detail the instruments of torture and [carrying out] .

The company argued that it was given a stay of execution by other bankers even though it had defaulted on loans connected with its American Heileman brewing operations .
the company argued that it was given a stay of [carrying out] by other bankers even though it had defaulted on loans connected with its american heileman brewing operations .

From year to year they used the same handrails to go down into the past : lifting the cartwheel at the crossroads , the drilling sessions by the river , the first ambush , marching at night between the safe houses , the different characters in the houses , the food , the girls … The interrogation of William Taylor the spy and his execution by the light of a paraffin lantern among his own cattle in the byre .
from year to year they used the same handrails to go down into the past : lifting the cartwheel at the crossroads , the drilling sessions by the river , the first ambush , marching at night between the safe houses , the different characters in the houses , the food , the girls … the interrogation of william taylor the spy and his [carrying out] by the light of a paraffin lantern among his own cattle in the byre .

The Tans had swarmed over the countryside looking for them after the execution .
the tans had swarmed over the countryside looking for them after the [carrying out] .

Despite the disparity in execution the result is surprisingly similar .
despite the disparity in [carrying out] the result is surprisingly similar .

To enter you must ring a bell , which sounds like a fire alarm and summons the Securicor men who guard the building and whom it is a criminal offence to ‘ obstruct in execution of the Immigration Act ’ .
to enter you must ring a bell , which sounds like a fire alarm and summons the securicor men who guard the building and whom it is a criminal offence to ‘ obstruct in [carrying out] of the immigration act ’ .

That leaves only the third , and even then any serious nagging offensive requires careful planning and execution to stand a chance of success .
that leaves only the third , and even then any serious nagging offensive requires careful planning and [carrying out] to stand a chance of success .

The failure was not just one of execution , nor even one of mistaken concept ; it was more the product of a profound ambivalence in the relationship between the World Bank and the government .
the failure was not just one of [carrying out] , nor even one of mistaken concept ; it was more the product of a profound ambivalence in the relationship between the world bank and the government .

These compromises on both sides left important issues of policy , and responsibilities for execution , unresolved .
these compromises on both sides left important issues of policy , and responsibilities for [carrying out] , unresolved .

In the first case aid has frequently freed government revenue for purposes very different to those the donors would support ( a new presidential palace , a larger army , a new capital city ) ; in the second case corruption has affected the allocation of contracts in ways which damage project execution .
in the first case aid has frequently freed government revenue for purposes very different to those the donors would support ( a new presidential palace , a larger army , a new capital city ) ; in the second case corruption has affected the allocation of contracts in ways which damage project [carrying out] .

Leading African civil servants entrusted with the day-to-day execution of policy over the last twenty years know that these are not necessarily the major problems .
leading african civil servants entrusted with the day-to-day [carrying out] of policy over the last twenty years know that these are not necessarily the major problems .

Engels 's The Origin of the Family , Private Property and the State was published in 1884 , the year after Marx 's death , and [ on p. 71 ] the preface to the first edition begins thus : ‘ The following chapters are , in a sense , the execution of a bequest ’ .
engels 's the origin of the family , private property and the state was published in 1884 , the year after marx 's death , and [ on p. 71 ] the preface to the first edition begins thus : ‘ the following chapters are , in a sense , the [carrying out] of a bequest ’ .

‘ As things stand Mr Patten is minded to turn down the application , but there will be a 21-day stay of execution for appeals . ’
‘ as things stand mr patten is minded to turn down the application , but there will be a 21-day stay of [carrying out] for appeals . ’

Police sources said the shooting had the hallmarks of a ‘ professional execution ’ : a light handgun was used that would only ensure death if used at point-blank range .
police sources said the shooting had the hallmarks of a ‘ professional [carrying out] ’ : a light handgun was used that would only ensure death if used at point-blank range .

With their aesthetic appreciation and practical execution , they furthered knowledge of the multitude of new plants arriving in this country from overseas .
with their aesthetic appreciation and practical [carrying out] , they furthered knowledge of the multitude of new plants arriving in this country from overseas .

Another German atrocity was the execution by firing squad , in 1915 , of Nurse Edith Cavell , who had been matron of a Belgian Hospital in Brussells since 1907 , and had stayed on duty despite the German invasion of that country , and who had been accused by the Germans , of assisting British , French and Belgian soldiers to escape captivity .
another german atrocity was the [carrying out] by firing squad , in 1915 , of nurse edith cavell , who had been matron of a belgian hospital in brussells since 1907 , and had stayed on duty despite the german invasion of that country , and who had been accused by the germans , of assisting british , french and belgian soldiers to escape captivity .

Unlike the rats they had the right to trial and execution if found guilty , but then … rats have no rights .
unlike the rats they had the right to trial and [carrying out] if found guilty , but then … rats have no rights .

The team co-operated fully in the planning and execution of the research and this was much appreciated .
the team co-operated fully in the planning and [carrying out] of the research and this was much appreciated .

Once again the Saxons showed their spirit , and rose en masse to avenge this cruel execution .
once again the saxons showed their spirit , and rose en masse to avenge this cruel [carrying out] .

Frankish soldiers commit a terrible mass execution of defiant Saxons at Verden .
frankish soldiers commit a terrible mass [carrying out] of defiant saxons at verden .

Section 51 of the Police Act 1964 contains the offence of assaulting a police-officer in the execution of his or her duty .
section 51 of the police act 1964 contains the offence of assaulting a police-officer in the [carrying out] of his or her duty .

But somehow , poor execution usually means the maths do n't add up .
but somehow , poor [carrying out] usually means the maths do n't add up .

For those at the lower and middle grades , job security and risk-minimisation in decision-making may be their most important considerations in the execution of their duties , since government employment in many lesser developed countries is relatively secure ( compared with other jobs available ) , with special privileges such as pensions , health services , government schooling and housing .
for those at the lower and middle grades , job security and risk-minimisation in decision-making may be their most important considerations in the [carrying out] of their duties , since government employment in many lesser developed countries is relatively secure ( compared with other jobs available ) , with special privileges such as pensions , health services , government schooling and housing .

The crosses in the pavement mark their place of execution .
the crosses in the pavement mark their place of [carrying out] .

Note too , the bronze hand held up in blessing commemorating a place of execution by the Nazis .
note too , the bronze hand held up in blessing commemorating a place of [carrying out] by the nazis .

To the French he was a great innovator , an artist who brought a startling lightness to the execution of his pictures , and with it introduced a fresh breeze of English naturalism into French landscape painting .
to the french he was a great innovator , an artist who brought a startling lightness to the [carrying out] of his pictures , and with it introduced a fresh breeze of english naturalism into french landscape painting .

One of the very first of them was Rossini 's Elisabetta Regina d'Inghilterra , which revolves around a real enough subject : the execution of what might now be called political prisoners .
one of the very first of them was rossini 's elisabetta regina d'inghilterra , which revolves around a real enough subject : the [carrying out] of what might now be called political prisoners .

This endemic failure at the level of execution is counterbalanced , for those who are patient and sympathetic , by the audacity and grandeur of the conception .
this endemic failure at the level of [carrying out] is counterbalanced , for those who are patient and sympathetic , by the audacity and grandeur of the conception .

This is the main feature which saves Postscript from the slow execution normally associated with interpreted languages .
this is the main feature which saves postscript from the slow [carrying out] normally associated with interpreted languages .

His second goal was the highlight of the afternoon — the single-minded determination to score almost as impressive as the execution which saw him hold off Paul Parker and Alan McDonald and allow the ball to run past him before spinning and shooting across David Seaman , from right to left .
his second goal was the highlight of the afternoon — the single-minded determination to score almost as impressive as the [carrying out] which saw him hold off paul parker and alan mcdonald and allow the ball to run past him before spinning and shooting across david seaman , from right to left .

Millwall 's chagrin was heightened by the knowledge that their redoubt had been stormed by a full-back , Bowen 's 60th minute winner being a cold blooded execution from Robert Fleck 's spear of a short through-ball .
millwall 's chagrin was heightened by the knowledge that their redoubt had been stormed by a full-back , bowen 's 60th minute winner being a cold blooded [carrying out] from robert fleck 's spear of a short through-ball .

Within weeks of Gallardo 's murder , Valenzuela found himself taking part in Bratti 's execution .
within weeks of gallardo 's murder , valenzuela found himself taking part in bratti 's [carrying out] .

It would maximise civilian tactics of resistance and defuse the natural potential for violence , containing and eventually eliminating the marginal but intrusive phenomenon of collaborator activation by Israeli security authorities and collaborator execution by local Palestinians .
it would maximise civilian tactics of resistance and defuse the natural potential for violence , containing and eventually eliminating the marginal but intrusive phenomenon of collaborator activation by israeli security authorities and collaborator [carrying out] by local palestinians .

Of their long list of successes the most recent and most famous was the arrest , conviction and execution of two thugs , Browne and Kennedy , who had heartlessly blasted to death an Essex police constable named Gutteridge .
of their long list of successes the most recent and most famous was the arrest , conviction and [carrying out] of two thugs , browne and kennedy , who had heartlessly blasted to death an essex police constable named gutteridge .

The execution was carried out on 10 June 1896 at Newgate .
the [carrying out] was carried out on 10 june 1896 at newgate .

‘ The bodies were cut down at 9am precisely and then the jury proceeded to the execution room to view the bodies .
‘ the bodies were cut down at 9am precisely and then the jury proceeded to the [carrying out] room to view the bodies .

Shortly before his execution , John Hutt admitted the murder of Ann Pearman .
shortly before his [carrying out] , john hutt admitted the murder of ann pearman .

From the camps of Europe , those who had avoided the execution pits and the gas chambers had at last reached the Promised Land about which their cantors had sung at Auschwitz .
from the camps of europe , those who had avoided the [carrying out] pits and the gas chambers had at last reached the promised land about which their cantors had sung at auschwitz .

The Phalangists stormed into Tony Franjieh 's home , murdered 32 of his supporters and bodyguards and then set about the ritual execution of Suleiman Franjieh 's beloved son .
the phalangists stormed into tony franjieh 's home , murdered 32 of his supporters and bodyguards and then set about the ritual [carrying out] of suleiman franjieh 's beloved son .

This time , a theoretical revision was created by Josef Stalin , the Bolshevik responsible for the execution of policy on the national question : in effect , the right could be reversed .
this time , a theoretical revision was created by josef stalin , the bolshevik responsible for the [carrying out] of policy on the national question : in effect , the right could be reversed .

Failure to obey any instructions he or she might issue in this context may amount to the statutory offence of obstruction of a police officer in the execution of his duty , for which the sentence can be either imprisonment or a substantial fine .
failure to obey any instructions he or she might issue in this context may amount to the statutory offence of obstruction of a police officer in the [carrying out] of his duty , for which the sentence can be either imprisonment or a substantial fine .

The overwhelming majority of Scottish cases related to one of four offences : conduct likely or intended to cause a breach of the peace , obstruction of a police officer in the execution of his or her duty , criminal damage or breach of bail conditions ( Wallington , 1985 : 150 ) .
the overwhelming majority of scottish cases related to one of four offences : conduct likely or intended to cause a breach of the peace , obstruction of a police officer in the [carrying out] of his or her duty , criminal damage or breach of bail conditions ( wallington , 1985 : 150 ) .

The police treated those who refused to turn back as being vulnerable to the charge of obstruction of the police in the execution of their duty , contrary to section 51 ( 3 ) of the Police Act 1964 .
the police treated those who refused to turn back as being vulnerable to the charge of obstruction of the police in the [carrying out] of their duty , contrary to section 51 ( 3 ) of the police act 1964 .

Section 1 of the 1944 Act gave tremendous responsibilities to the Minister : ‘ It shall be the duty of the Minister of Education to promote the education of the people of England and Wales and the progressive development of institutions devoted to that purpose , and to secure the effective execution by Local Authorities , under his control and direction , of national policy for providing a comprehensive educational service in every area .
section 1 of the 1944 act gave tremendous responsibilities to the minister : ‘ it shall be the duty of the minister of education to promote the education of the people of england and wales and the progressive development of institutions devoted to that purpose , and to secure the effective [carrying out] by local authorities , under his control and direction , of national policy for providing a comprehensive educational service in every area .

An eleventh-century manuscript 's depiction of war between Christians and Moors , and its inevitable outcome — baptism or execution .
an eleventh-century manuscript 's depiction of war between christians and moors , and its inevitable outcome — baptism or [carrying out] .

But he was also boorish , sadistic and greedy , once personally overseeing the execution of 2,500 Moslem prisoners .
but he was also boorish , sadistic and greedy , once personally overseeing the [carrying out] of 2,500 moslem prisoners .

If they were held at bay longer than they anticipated and carried into the final day , it only seemed a stay of execution for the West Indies .
if they were held at bay longer than they anticipated and carried into the final day , it only seemed a stay of [carrying out] for the west indies .

You may also think that you would like help with the planning and execution of the catering .
you may also think that you would like help with the planning and [carrying out] of the catering .

The rebels held their fire till the dragoons were within ten yards [ 9 m ] of them , then replied with ‘ a very sharp , popping kind ’ of volley which did such execution that one bystander ‘ saw daylight through them in several places ’ .
the rebels held their fire till the dragoons were within ten yards [ 9 m ] of them , then replied with ‘ a very sharp , popping kind ’ of volley which did such [carrying out] that one bystander ‘ saw daylight through them in several places ’ .

The war was in fact fought largely in the Mediterranean and is best remembered for the execution of Admiral Byng , in March 1757 , for his failure to protect British-held Minorca .
the war was in fact fought largely in the mediterranean and is best remembered for the [carrying out] of admiral byng , in march 1757 , for his failure to protect british-held minorca .

The Queen of Hearts tirades : ‘ Execution first , trial after .
the queen of hearts tirades : ‘ [carrying out] first , trial after .

The Execution Dock , Wapping , east London , where , until the eighteenth century , pirates were hanged at low-water mark and their bodies left dangling in chains until three tides had flowed over them .
the [carrying out] dock , wapping , east london , where , until the eighteenth century , pirates were hanged at low-water mark and their bodies left dangling in chains until three tides had flowed over them .

Scheherezade begins the long series of tales that constitute The Arabian Nights , so successfully stimulating the King 's curiosity to hear more that he constantly defers the order for her execution .
scheherezade begins the long series of tales that constitute the arabian nights , so successfully stimulating the king 's curiosity to hear more that he constantly defers the order for her [carrying out] .

a reference to the execution of the Chevalier de la Barre who was accused of sacrilege at Abbéville in 1766 , having passed within 30 yards of a procession in which a crucifix was being carried without removing his hat .
a reference to the [carrying out] of the chevalier de la barre who was accused of sacrilege at abbéville in 1766 , having passed within 30 yards of a procession in which a crucifix was being carried without removing his hat .

Development and international aid are frequently misguided in inception , disastrous in execution and catastrophic for the local people .
development and international aid are frequently misguided in inception , disastrous in [carrying out] and catastrophic for the local people .

Poole remembered that at the place of execution Ann Rice , ‘ almost lifeless ’ , was brought at John Walford 's request from the back of an enormous crowd .
poole remembered that at the place of [carrying out] ann rice , ‘ almost lifeless ’ , was brought at john walford 's request from the back of an enormous crowd .

The control and execution of changes to the plan
the control and [carrying out] of changes to the plan

The execution of changes to the plan
the [carrying out] of changes to the plan

Of Action and Execution : Procedure
of action and [carrying out] : procedure

Proceedings for execution of the judgment began thirty days after the case had ended ; if no satisfaction had been given , the plaintiff returned to court to bring an action on the judgment ( actio iudicati ) .
proceedings for [carrying out] of the judgment began thirty days after the case had ended ; if no satisfaction had been given , the plaintiff returned to court to bring an action on the judgment ( actio iudicati ) .

So long as he was successful in that action too , a further thirty days later he was authorized to proceed to execution .
so long as he was successful in that action too , a further thirty days later he was authorized to proceed to [carrying out] .

Execution under the extraordinary procedure was not altogether different .
[carrying out] under the extraordinary procedure was not altogether different .

So the notion was accepted that the magistrate should be responsible for execution of the sentence he , or the judge appointed by him , had pronounced .
so the notion was accepted that the magistrate should be responsible for [carrying out] of the sentence he , or the judge appointed by him , had pronounced .

It must remain true , however , that this potentially valuable ability to obtain execution in rem was limited to certain cases .
it must remain true , however , that this potentially valuable ability to obtain [carrying out] in rem was limited to certain cases .

Since a sentence was the basis for execution , and the sentence was pronounced inter partes , execution too must have been similarly limited .
since a sentence was the basis for [carrying out] , and the sentence was pronounced inter partes , [carrying out] too must have been similarly limited .

Thus , execution in rem can have been available only where the person sued was actually in possession of the object .
thus , [carrying out] in rem can have been available only where the person sued was actually in possession of the object .

But this fact alone would hardly entitle a beneficiary to execution in rem against a third party : to allow that would be to indulge in a breach of fundamental principle and equity .
but this fact alone would hardly entitle a beneficiary to [carrying out] in rem against a third party : to allow that would be to indulge in a breach of fundamental principle and equity .

The picture which emerges is not of a remedy in rem in the sense of an initial action granted against third parties in possession of the property under trust ; instead the missio was a means of execution against third parties which was available following a normal action in personam .
the picture which emerges is not of a remedy in rem in the sense of an initial action granted against third parties in possession of the property under trust ; instead the missio was a means of [carrying out] against third parties which was available following a normal action in personam .

The key question here ( as in the case of modern law outlined earlier ) is in precisely what circumstances this real execution was available .
the key question here ( as in the case of modern law outlined earlier ) is in precisely what circumstances this real [carrying out] was available .

There are two extremes : either it can be decided that the creditors are free to distrain on trust property as on any other ; or else it may be decided that the trust property is exempt from such execution .
there are two extremes : either it can be decided that the creditors are free to distrain on trust property as on any other ; or else it may be decided that the trust property is exempt from such [carrying out] .

Where the trustee is insolvent , the trust property in his possession is not subject to normal execution .
where the trustee is insolvent , the trust property in his possession is not subject to normal [carrying out] .

If the land has been sold by the creditor , no execution in rem is made available , and the heir is required to pay only the price of the land to the beneficiary .
if the land has been sold by the creditor , no [carrying out] in rem is made available , and the heir is required to pay only the price of the land to the beneficiary .

Here then the trust remains valid , but since the passage of the actual trust object into the hands of a third person can be attributed directly to the testator and his debts , no execution in rem is allowed .
here then the trust remains valid , but since the passage of the actual trust object into the hands of a third person can be attributed directly to the testator and his debts , no [carrying out] in rem is allowed .

For Section 2 has already argued that in trusts judgment and execution could be given in ipsam rem .
for section 2 has already argued that in trusts judgment and [carrying out] could be given in ipsam rem .

It also allowed execution against the trust property itself , instead of being bound to condemnation in a sum of money .
it also allowed [carrying out] against the trust property itself , instead of being bound to condemnation in a sum of money .

If an editing change or the execution of a command was a mistake , you can frequently ‘ undo ’ the error if you notice it in time ; ie ( generally ) before you do any more editing , or give any more commands .
if an editing change or the [carrying out] of a command was a mistake , you can frequently ‘ undo ’ the error if you notice it in time ; ie ( generally ) before you do any more editing , or give any more commands .

They can only be cancelled before execution .
they can only be cancelled before [carrying out] .

The Video-wall presentation attempts to give an impression of what actually happened over those 18 tumultuous days between the reading of the Proclamation and the execution of James Connolly .
the video-wall presentation attempts to give an impression of what actually happened over those 18 tumultuous days between the reading of the proclamation and the [carrying out] of james connolly .

We must not add to the execution of this plan — physical obstacles to moral difficulties , for it will be enough to fight through prejudice and ignorance .
we must not add to the [carrying out] of this plan — physical obstacles to moral difficulties , for it will be enough to fight through prejudice and ignorance .

Power to enter private premises at all reasonable hours , on production of a duly authorised document , if requested , is given to environmental health officers to enable them to carry out their duties under the Acts , and any person who wilfully obstructs an officer in the execution of his duty shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50 .
power to enter private premises at all reasonable hours , on production of a duly authorised document , if requested , is given to environmental health officers to enable them to carry out their duties under the acts , and any person who wilfully obstructs an officer in the [carrying out] of his duty shall be liable to a fine not exceeding £50 .

controlling execution of the plan ;
controlling [carrying out] of the plan ;

The Commission has shown that it is able to act with relative speed under this procedure and has taken a variety of actions under it , including ordering a party to supply another party , refusing to allow undertakings to acquire further shares in a company in a takeover situation , ordering the cessation of predatory pricing and an order requiring the execution of a detailed supply agreement under which the Commission was to be notified of any price changes by the offending party or any case where it was unable to fulfil orders .
the commission has shown that it is able to act with relative speed under this procedure and has taken a variety of actions under it , including ordering a party to supply another party , refusing to allow undertakings to acquire further shares in a company in a takeover situation , ordering the cessation of predatory pricing and an order requiring the [carrying out] of a detailed supply agreement under which the commission was to be notified of any price changes by the offending party or any case where it was unable to fulfil orders .

Arrangements such as joint market research , and the joint execution of research work up to the stage of industrial application , were stated to be compatible with Article 85 ( 1 ) , provided that participating companies did not restrict their freedom of action .
arrangements such as joint market research , and the joint [carrying out] of research work up to the stage of industrial application , were stated to be compatible with article 85 ( 1 ) , provided that participating companies did not restrict their freedom of action .

If a prisoner did not apply in the next term after execution to receive the benefit of the Act , he lost it .
if a prisoner did not apply in the next term after [carrying out] to receive the benefit of the act , he lost it .

If he was absent again , the plaintiff declared on oath the amount of the debt , whereupon the Commissioner could order an ‘ execution ’ either against the body or goods of the uncooperative debtor .
if he was absent again , the plaintiff declared on oath the amount of the debt , whereupon the commissioner could order an ‘ [carrying out] ’ either against the body or goods of the uncooperative debtor .

Of that number considerably less than one-tenth were actually imprisoned for the full period specified , the mere ordering of the execution against the body having produced the almost immediate payment of the debt in nine cases out of ten .
of that number considerably less than one-tenth were actually imprisoned for the full period specified , the mere ordering of the [carrying out] against the body having produced the almost immediate payment of the debt in nine cases out of ten .

He had execution of the warrant for his arrest stayed for twenty-one days to allow the young peer to appeal .
he had [carrying out] of the warrant for his arrest stayed for twenty-one days to allow the young peer to appeal .

Most applied for a ‘ warrant of execution ’ .
most applied for a ‘ warrant of [carrying out] ’ .

In 1987 county courts issued 160,000 warrants of execution but only in 2,882 cases were goods actually seized and sold .
in 1987 county courts issued 160,000 warrants of [carrying out] but only in 2,882 cases were goods actually seized and sold .

If he should come to hear of all this , however , he still had the right to apply to the court for a ‘ stay of execution ’ .
if he should come to hear of all this , however , he still had the right to apply to the court for a ‘ stay of [carrying out] ’ .

Just as the idea of a voyage was more satisfying than the trip itself for the poet Baudelaire , the Romantic tradition in France is strong enough for the idea of a well thought-out plan to be more important than its execution .
just as the idea of a voyage was more satisfying than the trip itself for the poet baudelaire , the romantic tradition in france is strong enough for the idea of a well thought-out plan to be more important than its [carrying out] .

The Treaty of Canterbury was signed later the same month and included among its provisions of the establishment of an Intergovernmental Commission to monitor the execution of the concession , and a Safety Authority which advises the Commission on all safety matters relating to the construction and operation of the Tunnel .
the treaty of canterbury was signed later the same month and included among its provisions of the establishment of an intergovernmental commission to monitor the [carrying out] of the concession , and a safety authority which advises the commission on all safety matters relating to the construction and operation of the tunnel .

It was also the execution ground and the decomposing bodies of four criminals twirled from the makeshift gibbet .
it was also the [carrying out] ground and the decomposing bodies of four criminals twirled from the makeshift gibbet .

This pressure must bring about greater awareness of the need for good management techniques both in the organisation of a practice or department and in the execution of clients ' work .
this pressure must bring about greater awareness of the need for good management techniques both in the organisation of a practice or department and in the [carrying out] of clients ' work .

In order to preserve certain client relationships it may be necessary for a partner ( not responsible for the particular specialisation required ) to maintain personal control whilst delegating the execution of the task to the group or department concerned .
in order to preserve certain client relationships it may be necessary for a partner ( not responsible for the particular specialisation required ) to maintain personal control whilst delegating the [carrying out] of the task to the group or department concerned .

The fine balance between proper execution of the task and its achievement in minimum time can only be set with experience and even then never exactly .
the fine balance between proper [carrying out] of the task and its achievement in minimum time can only be set with experience and even then never exactly .

The design , costing , supervision and execution of a project may be undertaken by different individuals within the organisation but by informal agreement , not legally based demarcation .
the design , costing , supervision and [carrying out] of a project may be undertaken by different individuals within the organisation but by informal agreement , not legally based demarcation .

If both of these activities are to be taught , then two objectives are needed so that we can distinguish between failures of planning and failures in execution .
if both of these activities are to be taught , then two objectives are needed so that we can distinguish between failures of planning and failures in [carrying out] .

If the student is known to be competent at planning , and it is the details of execution we are to teach , then a double objective would be acceptable .
if the student is known to be competent at planning , and it is the details of [carrying out] we are to teach , then a double objective would be acceptable .

During the cognitive phase , students attempt to intellectualise the skill and form a verbal plan which guides execution .
during the cognitive phase , students attempt to intellectualise the skill and form a verbal plan which guides [carrying out] .

Most of the visual ideas were imported but he found Ethel Helliwell brilliant at organizing the execution of them .
most of the visual ideas were imported but he found ethel helliwell brilliant at organizing the [carrying out] of them .

‘ Surrounded by the melancholy gloom of night , how different the views of the artist and lover to those of the ‘ lean unwashed artificer ’ who at the very moment greedily swallowing sedition is all agog to hurl destruction on his rulers , who in their turns are as anxiously providing means to prevent its execution . ’
‘ surrounded by the melancholy gloom of night , how different the views of the artist and lover to those of the ‘ lean unwashed artificer ’ who at the very moment greedily swallowing sedition is all agog to hurl destruction on his rulers , who in their turns are as anxiously providing means to prevent its [carrying out] . ’

Head teachers and other teachers were surveyed and asked to describe their preparation for , execution of , and follow-up after topic work .
head teachers and other teachers were surveyed and asked to describe their preparation for , [carrying out] of , and follow-up after topic work .

The first style was employed in the execution of literary and liturgical manuscripts , and those of the second in the preparation of official , royal , legal and business documents .
the first style was employed in the [carrying out] of literary and liturgical manuscripts , and those of the second in the preparation of official , royal , legal and business documents .

that successful execution of the contract for a month will be rewarded by a family treat ( first month : an outing to a favourite restaurant ) .
that successful [carrying out] of the contract for a month will be rewarded by a family treat ( first month : an outing to a favourite restaurant ) .

The plans would become the absolute copyright of the Government , to choose from the several plans the whole or such parts as might be found desirable ; but the architects would not have the slightest claim to be employed in the execution of the works .
the plans would become the absolute copyright of the government , to choose from the several plans the whole or such parts as might be found desirable ; but the architects would not have the slightest claim to be employed in the [carrying out] of the works .

The judges were certainly aware that with such an arrangement , they could be seen as having ignored the merits of the designs and the practicalities of execution , and attempted to explain their position in their report to Hall .
the judges were certainly aware that with such an arrangement , they could be seen as having ignored the merits of the designs and the practicalities of [carrying out] , and attempted to explain their position in their report to hall .

El Teatro Campesino ( the Farmworkers ’ Theater ) practiced the art of el relajo in the execution of its actos ( dramas ) and in the social protest messages propagated through satire and laughter .
el teatro campesino ( the farmworkers ’ theater ) practiced the art of el relajo in the [carrying out] of its actos ( dramas ) and in the social protest messages propagated through satire and laughter .

Must they be allowed to finally fail of execution , even had it been perfectly clear that by the use of the means necessary to their execution some single law , made in such extreme tenderness of the citizen ’ s liberty that , practically , it relieves more of the guilty than of the innocent , should to a very limited extent be violated ?
must they be allowed to finally fail of [carrying out] , even had it been perfectly clear that by the use of the means necessary to their [carrying out] some single law , made in such extreme tenderness of the citizen ’ s liberty that , practically , it relieves more of the guilty than of the innocent , should to a very limited extent be violated ?

It was the prison and place of execution immortalized in the novel Heart of Midlothian , by Sir Walter Scott .
it was the prison and place of [carrying out] immortalized in the novel heart of midlothian , by sir walter scott .

It was also a place of execution .
it was also a place of [carrying out] .

His speech from the dock and his horrendous execution have become the stuff of legend .
his speech from the dock and his horrendous [carrying out] have become the stuff of legend .

Fifteen of the leaders were executed , including Pearse and the wounded Connolly , who was brought to his execution in an ambulance and shot tied to a chair .
fifteen of the leaders were executed , including pearse and the wounded connolly , who was brought to his [carrying out] in an ambulance and shot tied to a chair .

Jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion , a Roman form of execution for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals .
jesus was put on trial quickly and condemned to crucifixion , a roman form of [carrying out] for political and religious dissidents as well as for common criminals .

In a province rife with rebellion and retaliation , the execution in Jerusalem of yet another religious leader from the Galilee did not by itself have an immediate effect on history .
in a province rife with rebellion and retaliation , the [carrying out] in jerusalem of yet another religious leader from the galilee did not by itself have an immediate effect on history .

The massive Palais de Justice , housing the law courts of modern Paris , holds echoes of the nation ’ s earliest kings , who dwelt here , and of the aristocrats and Rev­o­lu­tionary leaders who , in turn , were imprisoned here before execution .
the massive palais de justice , housing the law courts of modern paris , holds echoes of the nation ’ s earliest kings , who dwelt here , and of the aristocrats and rev­o­lu­tionary leaders who , in turn , were imprisoned here before [carrying out] .

The Salle des Girondins displays a guillotine blade , the crucifix to which Marie-Antoinette prayed before execution , and the lock of Robespierre ’ s cell .
the salle des girondins displays a guillotine blade , the crucifix to which marie-antoinette prayed before [carrying out] , and the lock of robespierre ’ s cell .

After the execution of Guru Tegh Bahadur , his son , Guru Gobind Singh , exalted the faithful to be ever ready for armed defense .
after the [carrying out] of guru tegh bahadur , his son , guru gobind singh , exalted the faithful to be ever ready for armed defense .

To assert Spain ’ s authority and extinguish dissent , he ordered the execution of five Creole rebels .
to assert spain ’ s authority and extinguish dissent , he ordered the [carrying out] of five creole rebels .

The execution of a troublemaker from Toronto brought in a retaliatory force of Ontario troops , and Riel fled to the United States .
the [carrying out] of a troublemaker from toronto brought in a retaliatory force of ontario troops , and riel fled to the united states .

In 1649 , the islanders were appalled to learn of the execution of Charles I and the proclamation of Cromwell ’ s Commonwealth .
in 1649 , the islanders were appalled to learn of the [carrying out] of charles i and the proclamation of cromwell ’ s commonwealth .

The garish painting , an exercise in bad judgment and sloppy execution , depicts evolution from an ammonite to a dinosaur to advanced ( and presumably socialist ) Homo sapiens .
the garish painting , an exercise in bad judgment and sloppy [carrying out] , depicts evolution from an ammonite to a dinosaur to advanced ( and presumably socialist ) homo sapiens .

Stop at the Byzantine church in the village — you ’ ll find stone from the ancient site used here too — and see the stone execution block of the martyrs .
stop at the byzantine church in the village — you ’ ll find stone from the ancient site used here too — and see the stone [carrying out] block of the martyrs .

Congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the execution of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions .
congress may wish to consider whether the new department , as proposed , will dedicate sufficient management capacity and accountability to ensure the [carrying out] of nonhomeland security missions , as well as consider potential alternatives to the current framework for handling these important functions .

This is necessary not only for the budget resolution and appropriations process , but also for tracking budget execution and for accountability to Congress .
this is necessary not only for the budget resolution and appropriations process , but also for tracking budget [carrying out] and for accountability to congress .

The CFO Electronic Commerce Task Force has created an interagency team , the Financial Implementation Team for Electronic Commerce ( FITEC ) , to help create integrated strategies , execution plans , and schedules for achieving the federal CFO financial community 's electronic commerce goals .
the cfo electronic commerce task force has created an interagency team , the financial implementation team for electronic commerce ( fitec ) , to help create integrated strategies , [carrying out] plans , and schedules for achieving the federal cfo financial community 's electronic commerce goals .

As defined in this standard , `` annual investment '' includes more than the annual expenditure reported by character class for budget execution .
as defined in this standard , `` annual investment '' includes more than the annual expenditure reported by character class for budget [carrying out] .

As defined in this standard , `` annual investment '' includes more than the annual expenditure reported by character class for budget execution .
as defined in this standard , `` annual investment '' includes more than the annual expenditure reported by character class for budget [carrying out] .

As defined in this standard , `` annual investment '' includes more than the annual expenditure reported by character class for budget execution .
as defined in this standard , `` annual investment '' includes more than the annual expenditure reported by character class for budget [carrying out] .

It tracks the use of each appropriation for specified purposes in separate budget accounts through the various stages of budget execution from appropriation to apportionment and allotment to obligation and eventual outlay .
it tracks the use of each appropriation for specified purposes in separate budget accounts through the various stages of budget [carrying out] from appropriation to apportionment and allotment to obligation and eventual outlay .

In addition , the reports have been tied into DOD 's Planning , Programming , Budget , and Execution System .
in addition , the reports have been tied into dod 's planning , programming , budget , and [carrying out] system .

Control activities are the policies , procedures , techniques , and mechanisms that enforce management 's directives , such as the process of adhering to requirements for budget development and execution .
control activities are the policies , procedures , techniques , and mechanisms that enforce management 's directives , such as the process of adhering to requirements for budget development and [carrying out] .

They include a wide range of diverse activities such as approvals , authorizations , verifications , reconciliations , performance reviews , Page 11 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Examples of Control Activities maintenance of security , and the creation and maintenance of related records which provide evidence of execution of these activities as well as appropriate documentation .
they include a wide range of diverse activities such as approvals , authorizations , verifications , reconciliations , performance reviews , page 11 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) examples of control activities maintenance of security , and the creation and maintenance of related records which provide evidence of [carrying out] of these activities as well as appropriate documentation .

Examples include edit checks of data entered , accounting for transactions in numerical sequences , comparing file totals with control Page 13 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) Physical Control Over Vulnerable Assets Establishment and Review of Performance Measures and Indicators Segregation of Duties Proper Execution of Transactions and Events accounts , and controlling access to data , files , and programs .
examples include edit checks of data entered , accounting for transactions in numerical sequences , comparing file totals with control page 13 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) physical control over vulnerable assets establishment and review of performance measures and indicators segregation of duties proper [carrying out] of transactions and events accounts , and controlling access to data , files , and programs .

The majority of the responding agencies maintain multiple regional project execution offices .
the majority of the responding agencies maintain multiple regional project [carrying out] offices .

The Commission believes that the new rule will benefit investors because the publication of trading interest at prices that improve specialists ' and market makers ' quotes presents investors with improved execution opportunities and improved access to best prices when they buy or sell securities .
the commission believes that the new rule will benefit investors because the publication of trading interest at prices that improve specialists ' and market makers ' quotes presents investors with improved [carrying out] opportunities and improved access to best prices when they buy or sell securities .

CIOs of leading organizations we interviewed described a consistent set of key principles of information management that they believed contributed to the successful execution of their responsibilities .
cios of leading organizations we interviewed described a consistent set of key principles of information management that they believed contributed to the successful [carrying out] of their responsibilities .

The last section in figure 2 , ƒOrganizational Foci , ≈ illustrates how both principles within a single critical success factor require the same organizational units to collaborate in their execution .
the last section in figure 2 , ƒorganizational foci , ≈ illustrates how both principles within a single critical success factor require the same organizational units to collaborate in their [carrying out] .

The common features within a critical success factor can become especially significant as the CIO , and other players , plan the execution of the six principles described in this guide .
the common features within a critical success factor can become especially significant as the cio , and other players , plan the [carrying out] of the six principles described in this guide .

The successful execution of these two critical success factors depends to a great extent on officials other than the CIO .
the successful [carrying out] of these two critical success factors depends to a great extent on officials other than the cio .

Executive leadership is essential to the successful execution of this factor .
executive leadership is essential to the successful [carrying out] of this factor .

Once these decisions are made , the CIO organization must provide effective , responsive support through efficient allocation of resources and the day-to-day execution of its responsibilities .
once these decisions are made , the cio organization must provide effective , responsive support through efficient allocation of resources and the day-to-day [carrying out] of its responsibilities .

More generally , the key conditions and strategies can be thought of as addressing specific aspects of the six primary principles , which CIOs from all sectors agree are critical to the successful execution of their responsibilities and realization of the potential benefits of information technology investments .
more generally , the key conditions and strategies can be thought of as addressing specific aspects of the six primary principles , which cios from all sectors agree are critical to the successful [carrying out] of their responsibilities and realization of the potential benefits of information technology investments .

In this case , a faster execution is possible than shown on Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A .
in this case , a faster [carrying out] is possible than shown on exhibit a-5 in appendix a .

In this conception , the NCTC should plan actions , assigning responsibilities for operational direction and execution to other agencies .
in this conception , the nctc should plan actions , assigning responsibilities for operational direction and [carrying out] to other agencies .

The DCI 's Counterterrorist Center would become a CIA unit , to handle the direction and execution of tasks assigned to the CIA .
the dci 's counterterrorist center would become a cia unit , to handle the direction and [carrying out] of tasks assigned to the cia .

The State Department 's counterterrorism office would be a critical participant in the NCTC 's work , taking the lead in directing the execution of the counterterrorism foreign policy mission .
the state department 's counterterrorism office would be a critical participant in the nctc 's work , taking the lead in directing the [carrying out] of the counterterrorism foreign policy mission .

The investigations spotlighted the importance of accountability and official responsibility for faithful execution of laws .
the investigations spotlighted the importance of accountability and official responsibility for faithful [carrying out] of laws .

The NCTC should not direct the actual execution of these operations , leaving that job to the agencies .
the nctc should not direct the actual [carrying out] of these operations , leaving that job to the agencies .

We have noticed that some very large private firms rely on a powerful CEO who has significant control over how money is spent and can hire or fire leaders of the major divisions , assisted by a relatively modest staff , while leaving responsibility for execution in the operating divisions .
we have noticed that some very large private firms rely on a powerful ceo who has significant control over how money is spent and can hire or fire leaders of the major divisions , assisted by a relatively modest staff , while leaving responsibility for [carrying out] in the operating divisions .

The CIA should retain responsibility for the direction and execution of clandestine and covert operations , as assigned by the relevant national intelligence center and authorized by the National Intelligence Director and the president .
the cia should retain responsibility for the direction and [carrying out] of clandestine and covert operations , as assigned by the relevant national intelligence center and authorized by the national intelligence director and the president .

There it should be consolidated with the capabilities for training , direction , and execution of such operations already being developed in the Special Operations Command .
there it should be consolidated with the capabilities for training , direction , and [carrying out] of such operations already being developed in the special operations command .

In April 1996 , Mzoudi and Motassadeq witnessed the execution of Atta 's will .
in april 1996 , mzoudi and motassadeq witnessed the [carrying out] of atta 's will .

That document reports Murad describing his idea of crashing a plane into CIA headquarters , but in this report Murad claims he was thinking of hijacking a commercial aircraft to do it , saying the idea had come up in a casual conversation with Yousef with no specific plan for its execution .
that document reports murad describing his idea of crashing a plane into cia headquarters , but in this report murad claims he was thinking of hijacking a commercial aircraft to do it , saying the idea had come up in a casual conversation with yousef with no specific plan for its [carrying out] .

Laboratory studies often use the simultaneous execution of two different tasks ( dual tasks ) to simulate the more realistic situations where humans time-share activities .
laboratory studies often use the simultaneous [carrying out] of two different tasks ( dual tasks ) to simulate the more realistic situations where humans time-share activities .

In particular , it believes that the best way to train a new generation of African scientists is by teaching them on the job , that is , involving them fully in the planning and execution of the trial , rather than flying in European experts who leave as soon as the trial is finished .
in particular , it believes that the best way to train a new generation of african scientists is by teaching them on the job , that is , involving them fully in the planning and [carrying out] of the trial , rather than flying in european experts who leave as soon as the trial is finished .

Young men have left the country “ en masse ” for fear of execution and migrated to the high-prevalence areas in India .
young men have left the country “ en masse ” for fear of [carrying out] and migrated to the high-prevalence areas in india .

As examples , clinical trials should have independent data safety monitoring boards charged to review the study design , execution , data analysis , and publication of results .
as examples , clinical trials should have independent data safety monitoring boards charged to review the study design , [carrying out] , data analysis , and publication of results .

Whereas fluent controls activated left frontal brain areas involved in language planning before central areas involved in speech execution , this pattern was absent , even reversed , in stutterers .
whereas fluent controls activated left frontal brain areas involved in language planning before central areas involved in speech [carrying out] , this pattern was absent , even reversed , in stutterers .

Even with BMIs that use neural activity recorded with invasive electrodes to yield higher bandwidth and thus allow for the execution of more complex tasks , it remains unclear whether the quality of the signal will ever suffice for a patient to freely , safely , and effectively control a prosthetic arm to perform daily tasks .
even with bmis that use neural activity recorded with invasive electrodes to yield higher bandwidth and thus allow for the [carrying out] of more complex tasks , it remains unclear whether the quality of the signal will ever suffice for a patient to freely , safely , and effectively control a prosthetic arm to perform daily tasks .

The NYT runs a story inside about an execution conducted last night with possible political ramifications .
the nyt runs a story inside about an [carrying out] conducted last night with possible political ramifications .

Nevertheless , the state decided not to issue a stay of execution for the man and instead put him to death on time .
nevertheless , the state decided not to issue a stay of [carrying out] for the man and instead put him to death on time .

When the question was posted , Missouri 's governor had just said he 'd wait to kill Darrell Mease until the pope left the room , postponing the execution , originally set for Jan. 27 as part of the papal welcoming ceremony ( or perhaps not ; I 've misplaced my program ) , until Feb. 10 .
when the question was posted , missouri 's governor had just said he 'd wait to kill darrell mease until the pope left the room , postponing the [carrying out] , originally set for jan. 27 as part of the papal welcoming ceremony ( or perhaps not ; i 've misplaced my program ) , until feb. 10 .

The creativity to carry out the execution in bold new ways . ''
the creativity to carry out the [carrying out] in bold new ways . ''

His execution may not win the requisite parliamentary approval , because Turkish politicians fear martyring him and sparking Kurdish unrest .
his [carrying out] may not win the requisite parliamentary approval , because turkish politicians fear martyring him and sparking kurdish unrest .

By the time Asses of Fire has been trimmed by the MPAA to a permissible one minute , the children of America are cursing authority figures and a militant countermovement -- MAC , or Mothers Against Canada , led by Kyle 's Ethel Merman-ish mom -- has marked Terrance and Phillip for execution and driven the United States to war against its neighbor to the north .
by the time asses of fire has been trimmed by the mpaa to a permissible one minute , the children of america are cursing authority figures and a militant countermovement -- mac , or mothers against canada , led by kyle 's ethel merman-ish mom -- has marked terrance and phillip for [carrying out] and driven the united states to war against its neighbor to the north .

The sentencing to death for murder and treason of the Kurdish separatist leader Abdullah Ocalan was the top story Wednesday across Europe , with practically all newspapers urging the Turkish government to call off his execution .
the sentencing to death for murder and treason of the kurdish separatist leader abdullah ocalan was the top story wednesday across europe , with practically all newspapers urging the turkish government to call off his [carrying out] .

Critics are harsh on the film 's premise and execution , but a few find bright spots in Judd 's beauty and Tommy Lee Jones ' gritty turn as her parole officer .
critics are harsh on the film 's premise and [carrying out] , but a few find bright spots in judd 's beauty and tommy lee jones ' gritty turn as her parole officer .

I 'm attending his execution as a witness and covering it for my employer , the Miami Herald .
i 'm attending his [carrying out] as a witness and covering it for my employer , the miami herald .

I thought of Jesse Tafero earlier this month when I read about the execution of Bud Davis in the Florida electric chair .
i thought of jesse tafero earlier this month when i read about the [carrying out] of bud davis in the florida electric chair .

Bush proclaimed that the execution let everyone know that Florida was against the murder of innocent people .
bush proclaimed that the [carrying out] let everyone know that florida was against the murder of innocent people .

When flames erupted from Jesse Tafero during the execution I witnessed , prison officials blamed the fire on the water-filled sponge attached to his head that was placed there to conduct electricity from the electrode .
when flames erupted from jesse tafero during the [carrying out] i witnessed , prison officials blamed the fire on the water-filled sponge attached to his head that was placed there to conduct electricity from the electrode .

A simulated execution was conducted with a fire-resistant sea sponge : a tub of water standing in for a human body and a colander for a human head .
a simulated [carrying out] was conducted with a fire-resistant sea sponge : a tub of water standing in for a human body and a colander for a human head .

When Pedro Medina 's head caught fire during his March 1997 execution , the Florida Supreme Court ordered the Department of Corrections to write down its electric chair protocol , previously just a folksy word-of-mouth operation in Q Wing .
when pedro medina 's head caught fire during his march 1997 [carrying out] , the florida supreme court ordered the department of corrections to write down its electric chair protocol , previously just a folksy word-of-mouth operation in q wing .

Flames , my notes say , about Tafero 's execution .
flames , my notes say , about tafero 's [carrying out] .

The idea of spoofing the superficial , back-stabbing world of teen pageants seems funny to most critics , but all agree that the execution is abysmal .
the idea of spoofing the superficial , back-stabbing world of teen pageants seems funny to most critics , but all agree that the [carrying out] is abysmal .

Bill Clinton flew home in the midst of his presidential campaign to supervise the execution of a retarded killer .
bill clinton flew home in the midst of his presidential campaign to supervise the [carrying out] of a retarded killer .

Although the plot seems ripped from You 've Got Mail , the novel is far more sophisticated in its execution -- a Milan Kundera-like inquiry into ontology , the uniqueness of e-mail communication , and human existence in general .
although the plot seems ripped from you 've got mail , the novel is far more sophisticated in its [carrying out] -- a milan kundera-like inquiry into ontology , the uniqueness of e-mail communication , and human existence in general .

I , like you , on the morning of May 4 , 1990 , attended the legal execution of Jesse Tafero , at the Florida State Prison .
i , like you , on the morning of may 4 , 1990 , attended the legal [carrying out] of jesse tafero , at the florida state prison .

I , like you , was attending his execution as a witness , not for my former employer , the Florida Highway Patrol , but to complete a cycle .
i , like you , was attending his [carrying out] as a witness , not for my former employer , the florida highway patrol , but to complete a cycle .

I will save you the description of the scene that morning , but it is indelible in my mind , as Tafero 's execution obviously is in yours .
i will save you the description of the scene that morning , but it is indelible in my mind , as tafero 's [carrying out] obviously is in yours .

His best example of empiricism 's limits was the ( apocryphal ) story of how , at the dawn of the Enlightenment , a scientist tried to establish the existence of the human soul `` not by speculating on the Vital Principle and the Intrinsic Substance of the Soul , as described in Aristotle and the Church Fathers , but by weighing a condemned criminal before and after execution . ''
his best example of empiricism 's limits was the ( apocryphal ) story of how , at the dawn of the enlightenment , a scientist tried to establish the existence of the human soul `` not by speculating on the vital principle and the intrinsic substance of the soul , as described in aristotle and the church fathers , but by weighing a condemned criminal before and after [carrying out] . ''

I recall in England , when I was growing up , it took the proved hanging of the wrong man on two separate occasions , plus the execution of an attractive young woman after a tabloid-sensational , lovers-quarrel murder trial finally to turn public opinion .
i recall in england , when i was growing up , it took the proved hanging of the wrong man on two separate occasions , plus the [carrying out] of an attractive young woman after a tabloid-sensational , lovers-quarrel murder trial finally to turn public opinion .

The notion of having college freshmen explore the `` realities '' of these two campuses in a `` Diary '' ( Seth Bisen-Hersh of MIT , Ben Trachtenberg of Yale ) is very appealing -- the problem arises in the execution .
the notion of having college freshmen explore the `` realities '' of these two campuses in a `` diary '' ( seth bisen-hersh of mit , ben trachtenberg of yale ) is very appealing -- the problem arises in the [carrying out] .

Shuman 's breezy article largely omits the implications of the reliability , flexibility , and security provided by Java in order to emphasize the cost of these benefits in execution speed .
shuman 's breezy article largely omits the implications of the reliability , flexibility , and security provided by java in order to emphasize the cost of these benefits in [carrying out] speed .

Then Israeli police said they had arrested an armed Palestinian squad in the process of abducting an Arab land dealer , evidently for execution .
then israeli police said they had arrested an armed palestinian squad in the process of abducting an arab land dealer , evidently for [carrying out] .

Critical and commercial success for the biography of Gravano , `` the most famous snitch in Mob history , '' who brought down John `` the Teflon Don '' Gotti , offed 18 people , and ordered his own brother-in-law 's execution .
critical and commercial success for the biography of gravano , `` the most famous snitch in mob history , '' who brought down john `` the teflon don '' gotti , offed 18 people , and ordered his own brother-in-law 's [carrying out] .

Critics excuse failed experiments ( such as paintings on aluminum ) and recent assembly-line productions ( the execution of his ideas by a dozen assistants ) because of the importance of the artist 's conceptual innovations .
critics excuse failed experiments ( such as paintings on aluminum ) and recent assembly-line productions ( the [carrying out] of his ideas by a dozen assistants ) because of the importance of the artist 's conceptual innovations .

A clever idea -- incorporating common urban myths into a traditional horror movie -- paired with so-so execution results in a lukewarm set of reviews .
a clever idea -- incorporating common urban myths into a traditional horror movie -- paired with so-so [carrying out] results in a lukewarm set of reviews .

In France , Germany , and Spain , the execution of Tucker in Huntsville , Texas , was the subject of much adverse comment .
in france , germany , and spain , the [carrying out] of tucker in huntsville , texas , was the subject of much adverse comment .

The newspaper 's main headline was `` The execution of Karla Tucker underlines the banalization of the death penalty in the United States , '' while its editorial , headlined `` A Justice That Kills , '' said this was a kind of justice that could never be justified .
the newspaper 's main headline was `` the [carrying out] of karla tucker underlines the banalization of the death penalty in the united states , '' while its editorial , headlined `` a justice that kills , '' said this was a kind of justice that could never be justified .

Of the 3,300 people awaiting execution in the United States on Jan. 1 , 1998 , 48 percent were white and 41 percent black , [ even though African-Americans ] represent only 12 percent of the American population . ''
of the 3,300 people awaiting [carrying out] in the united states on jan. 1 , 1998 , 48 percent were white and 41 percent black , [ even though african-americans ] represent only 12 percent of the american population . ''

In Paris Sunday , Le Monde published a front-page cartoon of a cameraman filming inside the president 's trousers , while its editorial , titled `` The American Pillory , '' condemned Kenneth Starr 's `` persecution '' of the president and the broadcasting of the grand jury videotapes as the equivalent of `` a public execution . ''
in paris sunday , le monde published a front-page cartoon of a cameraman filming inside the president 's trousers , while its editorial , titled `` the american pillory , '' condemned kenneth starr 's `` persecution '' of the president and the broadcasting of the grand jury videotapes as the equivalent of `` a public [carrying out] . ''

Wednesday , the Independent of London reported what it claimed were exclusive background details to the execution of four Jordanian students in Baghdad last month , which soured relations between Jordan and Iraq .
wednesday , the independent of london reported what it claimed were exclusive background details to the [carrying out] of four jordanian students in baghdad last month , which soured relations between jordan and iraq .

Outstripping Zippergate in column inches Monday was the imminent execution of Karla Faye Tucker , which was the subject of the editorial in the liberal Independent of London .
outstripping zippergate in column inches monday was the imminent [carrying out] of karla faye tucker , which was the subject of the editorial in the liberal independent of london .

The great four-against-three contrary-motion chromatic scales , one of the most thrilling virtuoso passages in the literature , are bland in spite of Levin 's awesome execution .
the great four-against-three contrary-motion chromatic scales , one of the most thrilling virtuoso passages in the literature , are bland in spite of levin 's awesome [carrying out] .

It 's not quite as seamy over at Frontline , which spent three years researching the life , crimes , and recent execution of the talkative Clifford Boggess ( PBS , Tuesday , 9 p.m. ) .
it 's not quite as seamy over at frontline , which spent three years researching the life , crimes , and recent [carrying out] of the talkative clifford boggess ( pbs , tuesday , 9 p.m. ) .

The execution is even more problematic : There is an abundance of bad acting , heavy-handed moralizing , obvious dialogue -- and , of course , the obligatory elderly Indian skulking about to highlight the mysticism of the situation .
the [carrying out] is even more problematic : there is an abundance of bad acting , heavy-handed moralizing , obvious dialogue -- and , of course , the obligatory elderly indian skulking about to highlight the mysticism of the situation .

This intelligence rose all the way up to British Foreign Minister Anthony Eden , who quashed it , and Winston Churchill , who enfolded it in grandiose speeches about mass execution that did n't quite explain what was occurring .
this intelligence rose all the way up to british foreign minister anthony eden , who quashed it , and winston churchill , who enfolded it in grandiose speeches about mass [carrying out] that did n't quite explain what was occurring .

Both say that America is eager for revenge and note that McVeigh is the ideal candidate for execution -- remorseless , intelligent , well defended , white .
both say that america is eager for revenge and note that mcveigh is the ideal candidate for [carrying out] -- remorseless , intelligent , well defended , white .

Bud Welch , the father of an Oklahoma City victim , writes columns in Time and Newsweek about why he opposes McVeigh 's execution .
bud welch , the father of an oklahoma city victim , writes columns in time and newsweek about why he opposes mcveigh 's [carrying out] .

USA Today leads with Texas ' rare execution of a female prisoner .
usa today leads with texas ' rare [carrying out] of a female prisoner .

The NYT , in the wake of the Karla Faye Tucker execution , ran in Sunday 's `` Week in Review '' a brutally reported and mug-shot illustrated piece by Sam Howe Verhovek on some of the other women waiting on America 's Death Rows .
the nyt , in the wake of the karla faye tucker [carrying out] , ran in sunday 's `` week in review '' a brutally reported and mug-shot illustrated piece by sam howe verhovek on some of the other women waiting on america 's death rows .

The Wall Street Journal `` Legal Beat '' column reports that for the first time ever the International Court of Justice in The Hague , the U.N. 's main legal arm , has intervened in a U.S. criminal case and ordered the U.S. to stay the execution of a Paraguayan citizen convicted of murder in Virginia .
the wall street journal `` legal beat '' column reports that for the first time ever the international court of justice in the hague , the u.n. 's main legal arm , has intervened in a u.s. criminal case and ordered the u.s. to stay the [carrying out] of a paraguayan citizen convicted of murder in virginia .

Does n't `` Partial-birth abortion '' seems about as logical as `` partial-life execution ? '' )
does n't `` partial-birth abortion '' seems about as logical as `` partial-life [carrying out] ? '' )

Bush believed that Tucker was sincerely penitent and that she wanted to escape execution in order to help set other prisoners straight .
bush believed that tucker was sincerely penitent and that she wanted to escape [carrying out] in order to help set other prisoners straight .

Axel von dem Bussche reeled in shock from a mass execution of Jews in the Ukraine ; Peter Yorck von Wartenburg stated at his treason trial in 1944 that the escalation of anti-Semitism into genocide was the single cause of his `` inner break '' with Nazism ( a claim that gained him nothing before a Nazi court ) ; and Tresckow understood the genocidal implications of the orders accompanying plans for the Russian invasion .
axel von dem bussche reeled in shock from a mass [carrying out] of jews in the ukraine ; peter yorck von wartenburg stated at his treason trial in 1944 that the escalation of anti-semitism into genocide was the single cause of his `` inner break '' with nazism ( a claim that gained him nothing before a nazi court ) ; and tresckow understood the genocidal implications of the orders accompanying plans for the russian invasion .

He quickly found out who was going to be seeing FDR that morning -- it was Vice President Henry Wallace -- and persuaded him to win a stay of execution .
he quickly found out who was going to be seeing fdr that morning -- it was vice president henry wallace -- and persuaded him to win a stay of [carrying out] .

You can see all the anger and exhilaration of the period in this large piece ( nearly 3 feet by 4 ) , full of wheels and crowds and heads whose eyes have been replaced by other things , its yellowed newsprint color jazzed by a patch of blue in the upper left , its improvisatorial speed of execution shown by how the glued surfaces have rippled .
you can see all the anger and exhilaration of the period in this large piece ( nearly 3 feet by 4 ) , full of wheels and crowds and heads whose eyes have been replaced by other things , its yellowed newsprint color jazzed by a patch of blue in the upper left , its improvisatorial speed of [carrying out] shown by how the glued surfaces have rippled .

Looking at the photos of murderers awaiting execution , one feels invited to ask -- are they human beings ?
looking at the photos of murderers awaiting [carrying out] , one feels invited to ask -- are they human beings ?

Speaking of unsavory human rights records ... a NYT front piece announces `` Florida Passes Bill to Quicken Execution Pace . ''
speaking of unsavory human rights records ... a nyt front piece announces `` florida passes bill to quicken [carrying out] pace . ''

The Florida law will `` shorten the length between sentencing and execution to 5 years '' from the current average of 14 .
the florida law will `` shorten the length between sentencing and [carrying out] to 5 years '' from the current average of 14 .

Executions may be a less-effective deterrent than convictions , but they are nevertheless an extremely powerful deterrent ; according to Ehrlich 's numbers , one additional execution in 1950 could well have prevented over 20 murders .
executions may be a less-effective deterrent than convictions , but they are nevertheless an extremely powerful deterrent ; according to ehrlich 's numbers , one additional [carrying out] in 1950 could well have prevented over 20 murders .

Below , I give the method of execution ; you name the state that employs it .
below , i give the method of [carrying out] ; you name the state that employs it .

A popular technique for moral edification was taking a child to a public execution .
a popular technique for moral edification was taking a child to a public [carrying out] .

The Turkish parliament must approve his execution before it can be carried out .
the turkish parliament must approve his [carrying out] before it can be carried out .

If Leuchter became a hero to neo-Nazis , he also became a target of Jewish groups and a pariah even in the execution business .
if leuchter became a hero to neo-nazis , he also became a target of jewish groups and a pariah even in the [carrying out] business .

The day before an execution , the condemned man is sent away and a surrogate ( Harry Dean Stanton ) does a dress rehearsal .
the day before an [carrying out] , the condemned man is sent away and a surrogate ( harry dean stanton ) does a dress rehearsal .

T he Green Mile also features a giant , mentally slow `` Negra '' under sentence of execution .
t he green mile also features a giant , mentally slow `` negra '' under sentence of [carrying out] .

From March to September 1988 , the Iraqi army seized every Kurd in a vast `` prohibited area '' and carted off nearly 100,000 civilians for execution ; it also used chemical weapons against the Kurdish population .
from march to september 1988 , the iraqi army seized every kurd in a vast `` prohibited area '' and carted off nearly 100,000 civilians for [carrying out] ; it also used chemical weapons against the kurdish population .

If a work is `` about '' `` abandon , irrationality , and ecstatic release , '' but its execution displays `` measure , reason , and control '' -- one might place any number of baroque operas in this category , for instance , or Nathaniel Hawthorne , for that matter .
if a work is `` about '' `` abandon , irrationality , and ecstatic release , '' but its [carrying out] displays `` measure , reason , and control '' -- one might place any number of baroque operas in this category , for instance , or nathaniel hawthorne , for that matter .

They absorbed Columbine 's football team community values -- aggression , planning , cohesion , and physical sacrifice for the goal -- in the methodical planning and execution of their atrocity .
they absorbed columbine 's football team community values -- aggression , planning , cohesion , and physical sacrifice for the goal -- in the methodical planning and [carrying out] of their atrocity .

As a white journalist ( played by Eastwood ) hastens to save an innocent black man ( Isaiah Washington ) from execution for the murder of a pregnant white convenience-store cashier , Eastwood cuts from the reporter 's car careening around hairpin curves to poison-bearing tubes being inserted into the black man 's veins : screeching car , needle in vein , screeching car , poison descending the tube , screeching car , clock going tick-tick-tick , glazed expression on the dying man 's face , screeech ... Not even Robert Altman , who parodied this sort of climax in The Player , was cynical enough to let his sellout filmmaker play the intravenous card .
as a white journalist ( played by eastwood ) hastens to save an innocent black man ( isaiah washington ) from [carrying out] for the murder of a pregnant white convenience-store cashier , eastwood cuts from the reporter 's car careening around hairpin curves to poison-bearing tubes being inserted into the black man 's veins : screeching car , needle in vein , screeching car , poison descending the tube , screeching car , clock going tick-tick-tick , glazed expression on the dying man 's face , screeech ... not even robert altman , who parodied this sort of climax in the player , was cynical enough to let his sellout filmmaker play the intravenous card .

The script , credited to Larry Gross , Paul Brickman , and Stephen Schiff ( from a potboiler by Andrew Klavan ) , is often laughably schematic , but much of what 's outside its ramrod narrative is masterfully orchestrated : the physical exam on Beachum that begins the film ( he 's in perfect health to be killed ) , the meetings between the warden and his guards on execution procedure , the testing of the different colored phones -- one connected to the governor 's office -- outside the lethal injection chamber .
the script , credited to larry gross , paul brickman , and stephen schiff ( from a potboiler by andrew klavan ) , is often laughably schematic , but much of what 's outside its ramrod narrative is masterfully orchestrated : the physical exam on beachum that begins the film ( he 's in perfect health to be killed ) , the meetings between the warden and his guards on [carrying out] procedure , the testing of the different colored phones -- one connected to the governor 's office -- outside the lethal injection chamber .

The list comprises people awaiting execution , arranged by time spent on death row ; White was removed from the list by lethal injection .
the list comprises people awaiting [carrying out] , arranged by time spent on death row ; white was removed from the list by lethal injection .

Only three men , two in Georgia and one in Florida , have been awaiting execution longer .
only three men , two in georgia and one in florida , have been awaiting [carrying out] longer .

One of the many amazing things about `` Spikey '' Isikoff 's new book , Uncovering Clinton , is the dexterity of its execution .
one of the many amazing things about `` spikey '' isikoff 's new book , uncovering clinton , is the dexterity of its [carrying out] .

Though , perhaps , a deed is unobserved , its execution can sometimes be safely inferred from the facts .
though , perhaps , a deed is unobserved , its [carrying out] can sometimes be safely inferred from the facts .

In this case , Denzel Washington plays a homicide detective named John Hobbes who pays a visit to a killer just before his execution .
in this case , denzel washington plays a homicide detective named john hobbes who pays a visit to a killer just before his [carrying out] .

Communist Party boss ( ostensibly a social democrat ) Ion Iliescu ruled between a mob 's execution of longtime strongman Nicolae Ceausescu in 1989 and his own loss of an election last year .
communist party boss ( ostensibly a social democrat ) ion iliescu ruled between a mob 's [carrying out] of longtime strongman nicolae ceausescu in 1989 and his own loss of an election last year .

This kind of public execution of reform would look terrible , so Lott might try to mitigate a filibuster by offering as a substitute his own phony reform bill .
this kind of public [carrying out] of reform would look terrible , so lott might try to mitigate a filibuster by offering as a substitute his own phony reform bill .

The International Court of Justice had asked Virginia to postpone the execution , saying police had violated the Vienna Convention by failing to inform Breard of his right to be helped by Paraguayan consular officials .
the international court of justice had asked virginia to postpone the [carrying out] , saying police had violated the vienna convention by failing to inform breard of his right to be helped by paraguayan consular officials .

U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and other internationalists protested the execution would embolden other countries to deprive U.S. citizens overseas of the same rights .
u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright and other internationalists protested the [carrying out] would embolden other countries to deprive u.s. citizens overseas of the same rights .

Commenting on a documentary in which parents witnessed the execution of the killer of two of their children , a Chicago Sun-Times columnist wrote : `` Watching him die gave them a sense of closure . ''
commenting on a documentary in which parents witnessed the [carrying out] of the killer of two of their children , a chicago sun-times columnist wrote : `` watching him die gave them a sense of closure . ''

Because its campaigns tend to involve the planning and execution of individual acts rather than all-out warfare , IRA members look and act more like professional criminals than like revolutionaries .
because its campaigns tend to involve the planning and [carrying out] of individual acts rather than all-out warfare , ira members look and act more like professional criminals than like revolutionaries .

Then Johnson seemed all-powerful , Jehovahlike in the execution of his swift and terrible authority .
then johnson seemed all-powerful , jehovahlike in the [carrying out] of his swift and terrible authority .

The paper claims that the most authoritative source on the common law known to those who wrote and ratified the Constitution includes in its list of `` high misdemeanors '' that can be committed by those serving the public trust , both `` obstructing the execution of lawful process '' and `` willful and corrupt perjury . ''
the paper claims that the most authoritative source on the common law known to those who wrote and ratified the constitution includes in its list of `` high misdemeanors '' that can be committed by those serving the public trust , both `` obstructing the [carrying out] of lawful process '' and `` willful and corrupt perjury . ''

USAT describes King upon his condemnation as `` unrepentant and smirking , '' and notes that he is the first white person to face execution for killing a black person in modern Texas history .
usat describes king upon his condemnation as `` unrepentant and smirking , '' and notes that he is the first white person to face [carrying out] for killing a black person in modern texas history .

The NYT lead says that while the broad outlines of U.S. aid to Guatemala 's military have been known , the report confirms that the CIA 's training of Guatemala 's military in counterinsurgency techniques `` had a significant bearing '' on the human rights violations it committed , including torture , kidnapping , and execution .
the nyt lead says that while the broad outlines of u.s. aid to guatemala 's military have been known , the report confirms that the cia 's training of guatemala 's military in counterinsurgency techniques `` had a significant bearing '' on the human rights violations it committed , including torture , kidnapping , and [carrying out] .

Princess Diana 's musings , in her sea of troubles , could go back to her association with a nayful of knaves , particularly one , one of an execution of officers who have betrayed her confidences .
princess diana 's musings , in her sea of troubles , could go back to her association with a nayful of knaves , particularly one , one of an [carrying out] of officers who have betrayed her confidences .

His daughter having noticed that the death-warrant was expected from London , attired herself in men 's clothes , and twice attacked and robbed the mails ( between Belford and Berwick ) , which conveyed the death-warrants ; thus , by delaying the execution , giving time to Sir John Cochrane 's father , the Earl of Dundonald , to make interest with Father Peter ( a Jesuit ) , King James 's Confessor , who , for the sum of five thousand pounds [ something like $ 5 million today ] , agreed to intercede with his Royal Master in favour of Sir John Cochrane , and to procure his pardon ; which was effected .
his daughter having noticed that the death-warrant was expected from london , attired herself in men 's clothes , and twice attacked and robbed the mails ( between belford and berwick ) , which conveyed the death-warrants ; thus , by delaying the [carrying out] , giving time to sir john cochrane 's father , the earl of dundonald , to make interest with father peter ( a jesuit ) , king james 's confessor , who , for the sum of five thousand pounds [ something like $ 5 million today ] , agreed to intercede with his royal master in favour of sir john cochrane , and to procure his pardon ; which was effected .

