The nation-state , then , exemplifies the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty : supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control .
the nation-state , then , [shows] the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty : supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control .

Their first project , the design of a wetland to treat household sewage from a hotel a few miles from Drumnadrochit and Loch Ness , exemplifies this belief .
their first project , the design of a wetland to treat household sewage from a hotel a few miles from drumnadrochit and loch ness , [shows] this belief .

Carol , who has learned to manage her meagre budget as carefully as any accountant , exemplifies the deeper problem of Easterhouse behind the unemployment , said to be 30 per cent , but much higher when the unemployed 16- to 18-year-olds , those on invalidity benefit and people who do not register for non-existent work are taken into account .
carol , who has learned to manage her meagre budget as carefully as any accountant , [shows] the deeper problem of easterhouse behind the unemployment , said to be 30 per cent , but much higher when the unemployed 16- to 18-year-olds , those on invalidity benefit and people who do not register for non-existent work are taken into account .

Living things are always integrated into their thermal environment , and thermoregulation exemplifies stages in progressive adaptation to the rigours of terrestrial life .
living things are always integrated into their thermal environment , and thermoregulation [shows] stages in progressive adaptation to the rigours of terrestrial life .

This paper exemplifies the main bottom-up approach used in this field , and also uses higher-level context .
this paper [shows] the main bottom-up approach used in this field , and also uses higher-level context .

This exemplifies one of the enigmas of the contemporary art world , and it touches on the problem of what decides out likes and dislikes in art .
this [shows] one of the enigmas of the contemporary art world , and it touches on the problem of what decides out likes and dislikes in art .

But this only exemplifies a much more general unevenness in such welfare provision , affected by many external factors such as local authority politics .
but this only [shows] a much more general unevenness in such welfare provision , affected by many external factors such as local authority politics .

This early text already exemplifies the pattern of narrative passages and meditations upon them which became the regular mode of presentation in the fuller texts of 1805 and 1850 ; and the sophisticated author is only too aware of the division within himself which the method leads to :
this early text already [shows] the pattern of narrative passages and meditations upon them which became the regular mode of presentation in the fuller texts of 1805 and 1850 ; and the sophisticated author is only too aware of the division within himself which the method leads to :

The Period Pain Chatmeister Terry Wogan exemplifies the Seventies penchant for shirts and ties made out of the same floral tablecloth .
the period pain chatmeister terry wogan [shows] the seventies penchant for shirts and ties made out of the same floral tablecloth .

And he only exemplifies a much stronger theme in the work as a whole : the failure of the good , one might even say a sense of ‘ defeatism ’ .
and he only [shows] a much stronger theme in the work as a whole : the failure of the good , one might even say a sense of ‘ defeatism ’ .

Georg Lukács exemplifies the beginning of this development .
georg lukács [shows] the beginning of this development .

This project has been described in some detail for it exemplifies the way social workers may need to adapt their skills , to work with colleagues from other disciplines , and also to work at one remove from the client , in sustaining an informal care network , or a family network .
this project has been described in some detail for it [shows] the way social workers may need to adapt their skills , to work with colleagues from other disciplines , and also to work at one remove from the client , in sustaining an informal care network , or a family network .

The evolution of British law governing the moral and physical welfare of children exemplifies this confusion .
the evolution of british law governing the moral and physical welfare of children [shows] this confusion .

The growing concern about marital rape exemplifies how some forms of serious sexual violence can be excluded from both the law and media coverage .
the growing concern about marital rape [shows] how some forms of serious sexual violence can be excluded from both the law and media coverage .

The approach taken here exemplifies what emerged in our discussions during the conference as a major theoretical orientation : a view of human action — peacefulness or violence — as the outcome of choices made by people actively in pursuit of particular purposes and goals , choices made and enacted within particular psychologically and culturally constituted realities which they themselves are actively constructing ( see Buckley , Howell , O'Nell , Overing , Gibson , Howe , Campbell , this volume ) .
the approach taken here [shows] what emerged in our discussions during the conference as a major theoretical orientation : a view of human action — peacefulness or violence — as the outcome of choices made by people actively in pursuit of particular purposes and goals , choices made and enacted within particular psychologically and culturally constituted realities which they themselves are actively constructing ( see buckley , howell , o'nell , overing , gibson , howe , campbell , this volume ) .

Each position represented a form of that convergence of interests which the term ‘ culture ’ itself , with its persistent range of relational emphases , notably exemplifies .
each position represented a form of that convergence of interests which the term ‘ culture ’ itself , with its persistent range of relational emphases , notably [shows] .

Like Hegel , Simmel exemplifies the result with a characterization of certain attitudes to the world .
like hegel , simmel [shows] the result with a characterization of certain attitudes to the world .

finally , its physical presence exemplifies the concept of praxis , in that this materiality is always an element in cultural transformation .
finally , its physical presence [shows] the concept of praxis , in that this materiality is always an element in cultural transformation .

The proper modernist artefact is always held to be aesthetically pleasing precisely to the degree to which it exemplifies the adage that form follows function ( Benton and Benton 1975 ) .
the proper modernist artefact is always held to be aesthetically pleasing precisely to the degree to which it [shows] the adage that form follows function ( benton and benton 1975 ) .

It is true that 8 exemplifies a recurrent semantic contrast , but this is possible only because of the presence of m — in both sentences .
it is true that 8 [shows] a recurrent semantic contrast , but this is possible only because of the presence of m — in both sentences .

Thus , The aspidistra kicked the bucket exemplifies inappropriateness because replacing kick the bucket with its cognitive synonym die removes the dissonance .
thus , the aspidistra kicked the bucket [shows] inappropriateness because replacing kick the bucket with its cognitive synonym die removes the dissonance .

The Derwent valley , which exemplifies along its bottom so much industrial history of the water-power age , attracted large mills from the beginning by reason of its fast-flowing river ; but not everyone admired the result as Wright of Derby did . Uvedale Price in his Essays on the Picturesque ( 1810 ) observed :
the derwent valley , which [shows] along its bottom so much industrial history of the water-power age , attracted large mills from the beginning by reason of its fast-flowing river ; but not everyone admired the result as wright of derby did . uvedale price in his essays on the picturesque ( 1810 ) observed :

The Jewish garrison at Elephantine ( p. 63 ) exemplifies the mixed racial and cultural character of the Persian Empire : it was a garrison of Jews , stationed in Egypt , commanded by Iranians , owing allegiance to Persia , recording its business in Aramaic , on a site whose name is Greek ( the ‘ place of ivory ’ ) ; finally , among the names identified in its papyri is a Chorasmian from north of the River Oxus in Afghanistan .
the jewish garrison at elephantine ( p. 63 ) [shows] the mixed racial and cultural character of the persian empire : it was a garrison of jews , stationed in egypt , commanded by iranians , owing allegiance to persia , recording its business in aramaic , on a site whose name is greek ( the ‘ place of ivory ’ ) ; finally , among the names identified in its papyri is a chorasmian from north of the river oxus in afghanistan .

Lamia , the subject of George Frampton 's sculpture of 1899/1900 which is one of the most important pieces at Stoke-on-Trent exemplifies this evasiveness .
lamia , the subject of george frampton 's sculpture of 1899/1900 which is one of the most important pieces at stoke-on-trent [shows] this evasiveness .

But on the way an opportunity arises after about 10km ( 6 miles ) to make a detour to visit a community which exemplifies some splendid large-scale , almost manorial , farmsteadings , as well as two magnificent late baroque inns ( Gasthofe ) of the turn of eighteenth-nineteenth century , with the imposing hip-roofs of the best Emmental tradition .
but on the way an opportunity arises after about 10km ( 6 miles ) to make a detour to visit a community which [shows] some splendid large-scale , almost manorial , farmsteadings , as well as two magnificent late baroque inns ( gasthofe ) of the turn of eighteenth-nineteenth century , with the imposing hip-roofs of the best emmental tradition .

Indeed , he may wish to discuss , not ‘ rules ’ but regularities , simply because his data constantly exemplifies non-categorial phenomena .
indeed , he may wish to discuss , not ‘ rules ’ but regularities , simply because his data constantly [shows] non-categorial phenomena .

Although he discusses and exemplifies the other maxims , Grice does not elaborate on the simple instruction ‘ Be relevant .
although he discusses and [shows] the other maxims , grice does not elaborate on the simple instruction ‘ be relevant .

My Lords , this appeal exemplifies the conflict between two principles , one that no one ought to be compelled to incriminate himself and the other that justice should be done between the parties to an action .
my lords , this appeal [shows] the conflict between two principles , one that no one ought to be compelled to incriminate himself and the other that justice should be done between the parties to an action .

Substituting for the father , Novella exemplifies a certain them in women 's history which can illuminate changing attitudes to the female production of art .
substituting for the father , novella [shows] a certain them in women 's history which can illuminate changing attitudes to the female production of art .

Recognition of a general duty to provide reasons furnishes an example of a central aspect of natural justice which could well be improved , while the application of procedural rights in the context of employment relationships and aliens exemplifies particular areas where significant change should be made .
recognition of a general duty to provide reasons furnishes an example of a central aspect of natural justice which could well be improved , while the application of procedural rights in the context of employment relationships and aliens [shows] particular areas where significant change should be made .

The ‘ bubble ’ strategy introduced in 1979 , and incorporated into the Emissions Trading Policy of 1982 , exemplifies the flexible approach by giving plant managers considerable freedom in finding the cheapest , most efficient way of meeting pollution control standards ( Behr , 1979 ; Liroff , 1980 ) .
the ‘ bubble ’ strategy introduced in 1979 , and incorporated into the emissions trading policy of 1982 , [shows] the flexible approach by giving plant managers considerable freedom in finding the cheapest , most efficient way of meeting pollution control standards ( behr , 1979 ; liroff , 1980 ) .

The conversation at Monboddo that afternoon exemplifies it ; they considered how Homer never describes his characters , but permits them to develop themselves .
the conversation at monboddo that afternoon [shows] it ; they considered how homer never describes his characters , but permits them to develop themselves .

… on the one hand , close to being submerged by the detritus of civilization whose broken-up quality she both registers and exemplifies … ; on the other hand , playing with that very sense of loss , that same detritus , and producing ( sometimes ) an exhilarating laughter . ( 126 ; italics in the original )
… on the one hand , close to being submerged by the detritus of civilization whose broken-up quality she both registers and [shows] … ; on the other hand , playing with that very sense of loss , that same detritus , and producing ( sometimes ) an exhilarating laughter . ( 126 ; italics in the original )

Though the novel is not the sole domain of either narrative or fiction , in contemporary Western culture it exemplifies both .
though the novel is not the sole domain of either narrative or fiction , in contemporary western culture it [shows] both .

’ Flynn argues that housing policy exemplifies the shift from collective to individualised welfare provision .
’ flynn argues that housing policy [shows] the shift from collective to individualised welfare provision .

It exemplifies his preferred touch/feel alternative approach to medicine .
it [shows] his preferred touch/feel alternative approach to medicine .

The furore raised by the 1988 winner , Alison Watt , whose reward was the sitting given by the Queen Mother , exemplifies problems a portraitist faces .
the furore raised by the 1988 winner , alison watt , whose reward was the sitting given by the queen mother , [shows] problems a portraitist faces .

Mercator 's career exemplifies the close links which existed between mathematical theorists , teachers , and instrument-makers at this time .
mercator 's career [shows] the close links which existed between mathematical theorists , teachers , and instrument-makers at this time .

Suffused with a sense of history , precise yet pragmatic in mood , the book 's readability gains from its author 's gentle sense of irony , and exemplifies an Edwardian affinity between literature and ‘ social science ’ that has since been lost .
suffused with a sense of history , precise yet pragmatic in mood , the book 's readability gains from its author 's gentle sense of irony , and [shows] an edwardian affinity between literature and ‘ social science ’ that has since been lost .

1614–1648 ) , businessman and royal office-holder , exemplifies the interconnections between industry and government in early Stuart England .
1614–1648 ) , businessman and royal office-holder , [shows] the interconnections between industry and government in early stuart england .

Such progress exemplifies the way in which a physical geographer can contribute by deriving a world pattern that depends upon the most recently reviewed methods for assessing sediment yield and presenting it in a form that is pertinent to applications in a wide range of disciplines .
such progress [shows] the way in which a physical geographer can contribute by deriving a world pattern that depends upon the most recently reviewed methods for assessing sediment yield and presenting it in a form that is pertinent to applications in a wide range of disciplines .

It is further discursive in the Foucauldian sense ( and exemplifies cultural differentiation ) in that primacy in modernist cinema is given to this separate cultural and discursive level .
it is further discursive in the foucauldian sense ( and [shows] cultural differentiation ) in that primacy in modernist cinema is given to this separate cultural and discursive level .

In his paper he exemplifies an approach to the teaching of stylistics that keeps technical jargon to a minimum and that aims to develop in the students a keen sensitivity for the way in which all levels of language , including grammatical choices , can contribute to the creation of aesthetic effects .
in his paper he [shows] an approach to the teaching of stylistics that keeps technical jargon to a minimum and that aims to develop in the students a keen sensitivity for the way in which all levels of language , including grammatical choices , can contribute to the creation of aesthetic effects .

The key plan of Campra 's first tragédie , Hésione ( 1700 ) , exemplifies his own typically economic tonal designs ( table 3 ) .
the key plan of campra 's first tragédie , hésione ( 1700 ) , [shows] his own typically economic tonal designs ( table 3 ) .

All knowledge is particular , said one luminary of the Enlightenment , and this book exemplifies the dictum marvellously .
all knowledge is particular , said one luminary of the enlightenment , and this book [shows] the dictum marvellously .

The startling image of a piano encircled by a wedding ring exemplifies the notion of affinities developed by Magritte from the 1930s .
the startling image of a piano encircled by a wedding ring [shows] the notion of affinities developed by magritte from the 1930s .

No firm better exemplifies the problems of the Province 's traditional industries and perhaps none better symbolises a ‘ spirit of renewed optimism in the area 's ability to deliver .
no firm better [shows] the problems of the province 's traditional industries and perhaps none better symbolises a ‘ spirit of renewed optimism in the area 's ability to deliver .

Beanz Meanz Heinz exemplifies this , it is represented as children 's food and it is the moment of consumption which is celebrated , not the process of its production .
beanz meanz heinz [shows] this , it is represented as children 's food and it is the moment of consumption which is celebrated , not the process of its production .

Rather , it simply exemplifies the paradoxes of the client-lawyer relationship which the profession 's firms are having to address and , indeed , many of which are succeeding in doing so .
rather , it simply [shows] the paradoxes of the client-lawyer relationship which the profession 's firms are having to address and , indeed , many of which are succeeding in doing so .

It exemplifies a group of people who have separate lives , ideas and attitudes , who are united because they 're in a common space and ( if the drama is working ) because they now share a common concern : something has happened which they have to deal with by working together .
it [shows] a group of people who have separate lives , ideas and attitudes , who are united because they 're in a common space and ( if the drama is working ) because they now share a common concern : something has happened which they have to deal with by working together .

`` The Giant 's Toothache `` ( earlier in this chapter ) exemplifies how we might use forum theatre to construct a character .
`` the giant 's toothache `` ( earlier in this chapter ) [shows] how we might use forum theatre to construct a character .

Rego 's work threatens because it challenges the cosy myths of childhood , Christopher Steven 's ‘ Giant ’ ( 1988 ) exemplifies the ways in which the threat of ‘ The boy is the father of the man ’ emerges .
rego 's work threatens because it challenges the cosy myths of childhood , christopher steven 's ‘ giant ’ ( 1988 ) [shows] the ways in which the threat of ‘ the boy is the father of the man ’ emerges .

Samson Agonistes exemplifies a problem which has stood at the centre of current inquiry into the negotiations a text has with an historical context .
samson agonistes [shows] a problem which has stood at the centre of current inquiry into the negotiations a text has with an historical context .

The case of Doctor Faustus exemplifies how we can not be sure which version of the play was the more common experience of audiences and whether they understood the two versions as offering something markedly different or not .
the case of doctor faustus [shows] how we can not be sure which version of the play was the more common experience of audiences and whether they understood the two versions as offering something markedly different or not .

Barthes 's The Fashion System exemplifies this linguistic principle in its attempt to read the grammar of fashion .
barthes 's the fashion system [shows] this linguistic principle in its attempt to read the grammar of fashion .

Nor from the point of view of the speaker , is there any hard and fast boundary between these and a non-restrictive adjective used in order to make explicit some property , when it is suspected that the hearer is unaware that it is implied by the use of the noun , as with poisonous in : ( 10 ) she threw Maisie 's lunch-box out of the window because it had a poisonous red-back spider in it Note that ( 10 ) further exemplifies the fact that whether an adjective is taken as restrictive or not depends on the rest of the entity-identifying phrase rather than just on the head noun .
nor from the point of view of the speaker , is there any hard and fast boundary between these and a non-restrictive adjective used in order to make explicit some property , when it is suspected that the hearer is unaware that it is implied by the use of the noun , as with poisonous in : ( 10 ) she threw maisie 's lunch-box out of the window because it had a poisonous red-back spider in it note that ( 10 ) further [shows] the fact that whether an adjective is taken as restrictive or not depends on the rest of the entity-identifying phrase rather than just on the head noun .

The final and comprehensive pose struck by the Nun 's Priest is one that exemplifies the high ethic of the Canterbury Tales — a pragmatic and tolerant attitude of human good fellowship — by virtue of the truly merry tale that the Nun 's Priest tells , laughing at and with his characters and readers but scorning and destroying none .
the final and comprehensive pose struck by the nun 's priest is one that [shows] the high ethic of the canterbury tales — a pragmatic and tolerant attitude of human good fellowship — by virtue of the truly merry tale that the nun 's priest tells , laughing at and with his characters and readers but scorning and destroying none .

Joos ( 1964 : 52 ) exemplifies an approach which proposes two separate verb forms — the `` infinitive `` , which is always preceded by to , and the `` presentative `` , which is not .
joos ( 1964 : 52 ) [shows] an approach which proposes two separate verb forms — the `` infinitive `` , which is always preceded by to , and the `` presentative `` , which is not .

More than this , it not only exemplifies but portrays artistic creativity in a stunning exposure of the human mind and its elaborate yet primal mechanism of imagination .
more than this , it not only [shows] but portrays artistic creativity in a stunning exposure of the human mind and its elaborate yet primal mechanism of imagination .

Built in 1749 of blue glazed and red bricks in the local ‘ Wantage ’ style , it exemplifies the comfortably satisfactory feeling of mid-Georgian domestic architecture .
built in 1749 of blue glazed and red bricks in the local ‘ wantage ’ style , it [shows] the comfortably satisfactory feeling of mid-georgian domestic architecture .

Nothing exemplifies the spirit of the family more than musar : instruction ( as moral training ) which is given to Jewish children .
nothing [shows] the spirit of the family more than musar : instruction ( as moral training ) which is given to jewish children .

It is best expressed in the admonition ‘ To act nobly , to speak purely , and to think charitably , ’ and nothing exemplifies Leonard 's deepest nature than this triune pattern , then and now .
it is best expressed in the admonition ‘ to act nobly , to speak purely , and to think charitably , ’ and nothing [shows] leonard 's deepest nature than this triune pattern , then and now .

One example ( September 1980 ) headed ‘ University Challenge ’ exemplifies this antipathy , with a full page of cartoons on graduate candidates illustrating a range of negative symbols .
one example ( september 1980 ) headed ‘ university challenge ’ [shows] this antipathy , with a full page of cartoons on graduate candidates illustrating a range of negative symbols .

More generally , though , his discussion of these chronotopes exemplifies the way in which the shifting organization of space and time can be used to plot generic change .
more generally , though , his discussion of these chronotopes [shows] the way in which the shifting organization of space and time can be used to plot generic change .

But Carson is also suggesting how the fantasized desire for the ‘ other ’ actually begins at home as a domestic projection ; how fantasy is ineradicably social and , as such , susceptibility to stereotypes of all kinds , including racial and racist ones ; how fantasy of and for the other exemplifies the mobilities of desire and identification .
but carson is also suggesting how the fantasized desire for the ‘ other ’ actually begins at home as a domestic projection ; how fantasy is ineradicably social and , as such , susceptibility to stereotypes of all kinds , including racial and racist ones ; how fantasy of and for the other [shows] the mobilities of desire and identification .

This election exemplifies the ‘ nevertheless ’ principle .
this election [shows] the ‘ nevertheless ’ principle .

That broken comb exemplifies the apparently inexhaustible strength of the novel 's flotsam , its disjunctive detail which makes nevertheless for tonal coherence .
that broken comb [shows] the apparently inexhaustible strength of the novel 's flotsam , its disjunctive detail which makes nevertheless for tonal coherence .

He embraces suicide as deed , as the one true act in a false world , as supreme podvig , as feat to end feats , God-killing , god-making ; and in doing so he exemplifies , as others before and Ivan Karamazov after him , the truth that Dostoevsky can only satisfy his hunger for crisis and clarity by bestowing it on the enemy .
he embraces suicide as deed , as the one true act in a false world , as supreme podvig , as feat to end feats , god-killing , god-making ; and in doing so he [shows] , as others before and ivan karamazov after him , the truth that dostoevsky can only satisfy his hunger for crisis and clarity by bestowing it on the enemy .

Franz Kafka perfectly exemplifies the efficacy of art in counteracting emotional wounds , if not in healing them .
franz kafka perfectly [shows] the efficacy of art in counteracting emotional wounds , if not in healing them .

But it is precisely this problematic relationship between language and reality that instead of rendering the term theoretically redundant exemplifies one of the problems implicit in all urban social theory but addressed only occasionally .
but it is precisely this problematic relationship between language and reality that instead of rendering the term theoretically redundant [shows] one of the problems implicit in all urban social theory but addressed only occasionally .

Adaptation is one of the longer chapters since it exemplifies fitness .
adaptation is one of the longer chapters since it [shows] fitness .

The first-year unit exemplifies the approach and aims of the strand as a whole , by concentrating on a number of accessible and contentious issues such as the media , censorship and freedom of information , the environment , and the ethics of medical and scientific research .
the first-year unit [shows] the approach and aims of the strand as a whole , by concentrating on a number of accessible and contentious issues such as the media , censorship and freedom of information , the environment , and the ethics of medical and scientific research .

The growth of private-label programs among retailers in the 1980s exemplifies this trend .
the growth of private-label programs among retailers in the 1980s [shows] this trend .

The figure of el pelado ( the clown ) distinctly exemplifies the rascuache outlook , the underdog figure , who is both victim and hero at the same time , a Cantinflas archetype .
the figure of el pelado ( the clown ) distinctly [shows] the rascuache outlook , the underdog figure , who is both victim and hero at the same time , a cantinflas archetype .

The sanctuary exemplifies piety and militancy .
the sanctuary [shows] piety and militancy .

Known as Viejo Vallarta it is comprised of the signature cobblestone village extending to the north and south of the Cuale River , and it exemplifies Mexico at its traditional best .
known as viejo vallarta it is comprised of the signature cobblestone village extending to the north and south of the cuale river , and it [shows] mexico at its traditional best .

The PBO structure exemplifies new directions in accountability for the federal government because the PBO 's Chief Operating Officer , who reports to the Secretary of Education , is held directly and personally accountable , through an employment contract , for achieving measurable organizational and individual goals .
the pbo structure [shows] new directions in accountability for the federal government because the pbo 's chief operating officer , who reports to the secretary of education , is held directly and personally accountable , through an employment contract , for achieving measurable organizational and individual goals .

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed No one exemplifies the model of the terrorist entrepreneur more clearly than Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the principal architect of the 9/11 attacks .
khalid sheikh mohammed no one [shows] the model of the terrorist entrepreneur more clearly than khalid sheikh mohammed , the principal architect of the 9/11 attacks .

It exemplifies the support and encouragement that the faculty and community provides .
it [shows] the support and encouragement that the faculty and community provides .

I mention this history , rather than dueling with Sedlak and Broadhurst 's statistics , because I think that it exemplifies their selective presentation of information .
i mention this history , rather than dueling with sedlak and broadhurst 's statistics , because i think that it [shows] their selective presentation of information .

The papers explain that the deal exemplifies the virtues of vertical integration , nicely defined by the WP as `` the ability to produce entertainment and simultaneously distribute it . ''
the papers explain that the deal [shows] the virtues of vertical integration , nicely defined by the wp as `` the ability to produce entertainment and simultaneously distribute it . ''

It exemplifies liberals ' wholehearted embrace of the gay-rights movement : `` [ T ] he very fact that the vice president could use the phrase 'came out ' and assume that his listeners knew exactly what he meant is an indication of how the private language of the homosexual subculture has become the common language of the cultural elite . ''
it [shows] liberals ' wholehearted embrace of the gay-rights movement : `` [ t ] he very fact that the vice president could use the phrase 'came out ' and assume that his listeners knew exactly what he meant is an indication of how the private language of the homosexual subculture has become the common language of the cultural elite . ''

An editorial in last Saturday 's WP about the Taliban 's harboring of Osama bin Laden exemplifies some of the pointlessness of this hidebound genre .
an editorial in last saturday 's wp about the taliban 's harboring of osama bin laden [shows] some of the pointlessness of this hidebound genre .

This exemplifies the paper 's admirable general policy when dealing with unnamed sources of at least communicating to the reader the source 's motivation and personal connection to the story .
this [shows] the paper 's admirable general policy when dealing with unnamed sources of at least communicating to the reader the source 's motivation and personal connection to the story .

