Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style , the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected .
of many passages in the book that [show] the author's vivid style , the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected .

Falling most easily prey to an adverse market movement , for this rank of traders can least afford to lose , virtually anything the odd-lot traders do , marketwise , is taken to exemplify the `` wrong '' thing to do .
falling most easily prey to an adverse market movement , for this rank of traders can least afford to lose , virtually anything the odd-lot traders do , marketwise , is taken to [show] the `` wrong '' thing to do .

Unfortunately these proposals only exemplify the muddled thinking which seems so often to lie at the heart of Edinburgh 's traffic policies .
unfortunately these proposals only [show] the muddled thinking which seems so often to lie at the heart of edinburgh 's traffic policies .

In a speech at the conference , Bill Gulliver , a blind person who runs his own business , said : ‘ Some firms exemplify blindness not in terms of visual impairment , but crass ignorance .
in a speech at the conference , bill gulliver , a blind person who runs his own business , said : ‘ some firms [show] blindness not in terms of visual impairment , but crass ignorance .

Lastly , Ingolstadt is used to exemplify the approach that could be adopted in an historically important and attractive city centre .
lastly , ingolstadt is used to [show] the approach that could be adopted in an historically important and attractive city centre .

Finally , ‘ payment by results ’ has been interpreted to exemplify a state-controlled curriculum , the deliberate use of political power to mould the minds of the young .
finally , ‘ payment by results ’ has been interpreted to [show] a state-controlled curriculum , the deliberate use of political power to mould the minds of the young .

’ ( line 1 ) is certainly not ‘ the language of men ’ , and there is a cumbrous elegance about the ‘ wit ’ of which is far removed from the simplicity which Wordsworth is thought to exemplify .
’ ( line 1 ) is certainly not ‘ the language of men ’ , and there is a cumbrous elegance about the ‘ wit ’ of which is far removed from the simplicity which wordsworth is thought to [show] .

Industrial bosses , bourgeois professionals and trade union leaders all exemplify what Lloyd George called ‘ the principle of the first of the litter ’ .
industrial bosses , bourgeois professionals and trade union leaders all [show] what lloyd george called ‘ the principle of the first of the litter ’ .

Marie-Sophie , Orla , Sarah Murray and Hortensia de Hutten , the 47-year-old Margiela model , all exemplify the new breed .
marie-sophie , orla , sarah murray and hortensia de hutten , the 47-year-old margiela model , all [show] the new breed .

, who died early in 1554 ( by which date inflation was distorting values ) exemplify the lower stratum .
, who died early in 1554 ( by which date inflation was distorting values ) [show] the lower stratum .

The Prince also demanded a few officers who were experienced in battle and who would exemplify his own ideas of how wars should be fought .
the prince also demanded a few officers who were experienced in battle and who would [show] his own ideas of how wars should be fought .

Both these cases , while they are addressed to the distinct issues of whether history is accidental or planned , and whether it is accidental or law-governed , exemplify a widespread failure to engage with the problem of holism .
both these cases , while they are addressed to the distinct issues of whether history is accidental or planned , and whether it is accidental or law-governed , [show] a widespread failure to engage with the problem of holism .

If the theory is to exemplify and test holism , the project of discovering whether , or how , it can be applied , is obviously extremely urgent , and among Althusser 's followers , the person who has made the greatest strides in this direction is undoubtedly Nicos Poulantzas .
if the theory is to [show] and test holism , the project of discovering whether , or how , it can be applied , is obviously extremely urgent , and among althusser 's followers , the person who has made the greatest strides in this direction is undoubtedly nicos poulantzas .

Lyell 's system was , therefore , to exemplify an epistemological analogy .
lyell 's system was , therefore , to [show] an epistemological analogy .

Griffin , to exemplify this , reports a signing sequence by Patterson 's Koko : ‘ Please milk please me like drink apple bottle ’ , and one from Nim , ‘ Give orange me eat orange give me eat orange give me you ’ ( 1984 : 200 ) .
griffin , to [show] this , reports a signing sequence by patterson 's koko : ‘ please milk please me like drink apple bottle ’ , and one from nim , ‘ give orange me eat orange give me eat orange give me you ’ ( 1984 : 200 ) .

The liberationists exemplify the varied confusions that abound when these are ignored .
the liberationists [show] the varied confusions that abound when these are ignored .

All these possibilities exemplify the phenomenon of grammatical gender because items are classified according to their form .
all these possibilities [show] the phenomenon of grammatical gender because items are classified according to their form .

In consequence , there has arisen a deep distrust of sentences and , of the grammar they exemplify .
in consequence , there has arisen a deep distrust of sentences and , of the grammar they [show] .

But grammar can not be equated with the devices used to exemplify its formal properties .
but grammar can not be equated with the devices used to [show] its formal properties .

These two countries exemplify — in parody — the arguments about electoral reform .
these two countries [show] — in parody — the arguments about electoral reform .

The two words , the one 19th-century soldiers ' slang , the other Sanskrit , exemplify the multiple enrichments of our language by those of the subcontinent .
the two words , the one 19th-century soldiers ' slang , the other sanskrit , [show] the multiple enrichments of our language by those of the subcontinent .

Here Zande clearly exemplify the principle , enunciated by Tacitus and endlessly repeated by modern psychiatrists , that it is a basic characteristic of the human mind to hate the man you have injured .
here zande clearly [show] the principle , enunciated by tacitus and endlessly repeated by modern psychiatrists , that it is a basic characteristic of the human mind to hate the man you have injured .

There are numerous incidents to exemplify this .
there are numerous incidents to [show] this .

Using a detailed study of final stop deletion to exemplify a more general principle , Guy suggests that 30 tokens per variable is a reasonable goal to aim for .
using a detailed study of final stop deletion to [show] a more general principle , guy suggests that 30 tokens per variable is a reasonable goal to aim for .

Taking as our example the range of Irish English perfect constructions , we find an absence of semantic isomorphism between any set of Irish English sentences and any semantically related set of standard English sentences which exemplify the range of perfect constructions .
taking as our example the range of irish english perfect constructions , we find an absence of semantic isomorphism between any set of irish english sentences and any semantically related set of standard english sentences which [show] the range of perfect constructions .

Two cases exemplify greater willingness of the courts to control ministerial discretion . In Secretary of State for Education and Science v. Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council the minister acted under section 68 of the Education Act 1944 which provided :
two cases [show] greater willingness of the courts to control ministerial discretion . in secretary of state for education and science v. tameside metropolitan borough council the minister acted under section 68 of the education act 1944 which provided :

Even those who do not exemplify the cynical or the blasé attitude tend towards a certain reservation in their social relations which barely conceals an aversion to direct personal contact ( 1978 : 331 ) .
even those who do not [show] the cynical or the blasé attitude tend towards a certain reservation in their social relations which barely conceals an aversion to direct personal contact ( 1978 : 331 ) .

It is these same practical taxonomies which serve to exemplify the principles of cultural order .
it is these same practical taxonomies which serve to [show] the principles of cultural order .

In certain societies , spatial planning has been used to represent a sacred order which is of an ideal form , and within which actual human society attempts to exemplify certain principles , often creating tightly controlled urban populations ordered according to spatial dimensions such as left and right hands , verticality and circumambulation ( e.g .
in certain societies , spatial planning has been used to represent a sacred order which is of an ideal form , and within which actual human society attempts to [show] certain principles , often creating tightly controlled urban populations ordered according to spatial dimensions such as left and right hands , verticality and circumambulation ( e.g .

These objects were often used to exemplify the competing images of the Romantic and nobel primitive and the cannibalistic barbarian as suited the arguments or interests of the time .
these objects were often used to [show] the competing images of the romantic and nobel primitive and the cannibalistic barbarian as suited the arguments or interests of the time .

Both people and objects are then required to exemplify the stereotypes which have been constructed .
both people and objects are then required to [show] the stereotypes which have been constructed .

Such studies exemplify the kind of fetishism to which material culture studies are always prone , when people are superseded as the subject of investigation by objects , and become essentially labels for their movement or pattern .
such studies [show] the kind of fetishism to which material culture studies are always prone , when people are superseded as the subject of investigation by objects , and become essentially labels for their movement or pattern .

Veblen 's achievement was to capture the strategies of the leisure class in a series of classic phrases and categories and exemplify them clearly and in detail with a masterful sense of irony .
veblen 's achievement was to capture the strategies of the leisure class in a series of classic phrases and categories and [show] them clearly and in detail with a masterful sense of irony .

In outlining these differences and their bases , the goal has been not just to present some geographical details but rather to exemplify a more general point with regard to the collective organization of survival .
in outlining these differences and their bases , the goal has been not just to present some geographical details but rather to [show] a more general point with regard to the collective organization of survival .

If there exists a synonym of one occurrence of a word form which is not a synonym of a second , syntactically identical occurrence of the same word form in a different context , then that word form is ambiguous , and the two occurrences exemplify different senses .
if there exists a synonym of one occurrence of a word form which is not a synonym of a second , syntactically identical occurrence of the same word form in a different context , then that word form is ambiguous , and the two occurrences [show] different senses .

If there exists a word or expression standing in a relation of oppositeness to one occurrence of a word form , which does not stand in the same relation to a second , syntactically identical occurrence of the same word form in a different context , then that word form is ambiguous , and the two occurrences exemplify different senses .
if there exists a word or expression standing in a relation of oppositeness to one occurrence of a word form , which does not stand in the same relation to a second , syntactically identical occurrence of the same word form in a different context , then that word form is ambiguous , and the two occurrences [show] different senses .

If there exists a word which stands in a paronymic relation to one occurrence of a word form , but does not stand in the same relation to a second , syntactically identical occurrence of the same word form in a different context , then that word form is ambiguous , and the two occurrences exemplify different senses .
if there exists a word which stands in a paronymic relation to one occurrence of a word form , but does not stand in the same relation to a second , syntactically identical occurrence of the same word form in a different context , then that word form is ambiguous , and the two occurrences [show] different senses .

For reasons of this nature , the sentences in 13–16 will be considered to exemplify only pseudo-synonymy .
for reasons of this nature , the sentences in 13–16 will be considered to [show] only pseudo-synonymy .

Both of these sentences exemplify lexical dissonance ( i.e .
both of these sentences [show] lexical dissonance ( i.e .

It is because certain groups are held to exemplify the working of these laws that their structural positions or social attributes are held to possess a special explanatory power , or to equip them with a special ‘ totalizing ’ consciousness .
it is because certain groups are held to [show] the working of these laws that their structural positions or social attributes are held to possess a special explanatory power , or to equip them with a special ‘ totalizing ’ consciousness .

At a minimum they will be accorded high prestige since they exemplify and personify common values .
at a minimum they will be accorded high prestige since they [show] and personify common values .

And , of course , this victim should exemplify somehow your theme .
and , of course , this victim should [show] somehow your theme .

These words may simply add more information to what has already been said ( and , furthermore , add to that ) or elaborate or exemplify it ( for instance , thus , in other words ) .
these words may simply add more information to what has already been said ( and , furthermore , add to that ) or elaborate or [show] it ( for instance , thus , in other words ) .

Redundancy is figured as an existential situation which is used to exemplify the condition of the humanist academic in an increasingly technocratic world .
redundancy is figured as an existential situation which is used to [show] the condition of the humanist academic in an increasingly technocratic world .

The archetypical idea was manifested in the flesh , under divers such modifications , upon this planet , long prior to the existence of those animals species that actually exemplify it .
the archetypical idea was manifested in the flesh , under divers such modifications , upon this planet , long prior to the existence of those animals species that actually [show] it .

William de Brailes and his workshop exemplify a significant development in later medieval book production .
william de brailes and his workshop [show] a significant development in later medieval book production .

fluvial and glacial exemplify the first of these stages , while deltas represent a second stage division of the former .
fluvial and glacial [show] the first of these stages , while deltas represent a second stage division of the former .

The poems analysed below exemplify such variability .
the poems analysed below [show] such variability .

The following two papers , by Dick Leith and Mick Short , exemplify the possibility of applying to literary texts theories and methods developed for the study of ordinary language , and vice versa .
the following two papers , by dick leith and mick short , [show] the possibility of applying to literary texts theories and methods developed for the study of ordinary language , and vice versa .

Further discussion thus has to focus attention on particular flows , and we now consider the two-dimensional wake to exemplify the procedures and the ideas that come from them .
further discussion thus has to focus attention on particular flows , and we now consider the two-dimensional wake to [show] the procedures and the ideas that come from them .

Given the enormity of the subject of electronic record keeping , it seems appropriate to use one type of system to exemplify the key issues .
given the enormity of the subject of electronic record keeping , it seems appropriate to use one type of system to [show] the key issues .

We exemplify these procedures using the matrix This matrix , in fact , has the determinant 100 ; since its elements are integers , the elements of the reciprocal will be terminating decimals .
we [show] these procedures using the matrix this matrix , in fact , has the determinant 100 ; since its elements are integers , the elements of the reciprocal will be terminating decimals .

Because of the term 's many meanings , and the confusion they therefore create , it is proposed in these pages to avoid them where-ever possible Resource-based learning , like resource-based teaching , can obviously exemplify `` educational technology `` in one or other meaning , but a surprising number of teachers would indignantly deny that they had been practising it ; in some cases , this implies disagreement or scepticism with the claims made by some sell styled `` educational technologists ' ( meaning 5 ) and in other cases derives simply from a misunderstanding .
because of the term 's many meanings , and the confusion they therefore create , it is proposed in these pages to avoid them where-ever possible resource-based learning , like resource-based teaching , can obviously [show] `` educational technology `` in one or other meaning , but a surprising number of teachers would indignantly deny that they had been practising it ; in some cases , this implies disagreement or scepticism with the claims made by some sell styled `` educational technologists ' ( meaning 5 ) and in other cases derives simply from a misunderstanding .

He takes pride in his appearance , setting a high standard to exemplify his healthy leadership style .
he takes pride in his appearance , setting a high standard to [show] his healthy leadership style .

This explains the popularity of Liverpool as a model for local associations after it was publicized in 1911 , for Liverpool was popularly believed to exemplify such local independence .
this explains the popularity of liverpool as a model for local associations after it was publicized in 1911 , for liverpool was popularly believed to [show] such local independence .

The majority of exhibits have been borrowed from private collections , many of which Dr Barnett has unearthed in the course of her researches for the books and she has chosen works which exemplify Kandinsky 's mastery of technique and his experimentation with processes such as stencil and spray technique ( diluted watercolour sprayed onto paper with an atomizer or blowpipe ) .
the majority of exhibits have been borrowed from private collections , many of which dr barnett has unearthed in the course of her researches for the books and she has chosen works which [show] kandinsky 's mastery of technique and his experimentation with processes such as stencil and spray technique ( diluted watercolour sprayed onto paper with an atomizer or blowpipe ) .

We invariably ask the custodians of the business to exemplify what they would see as their preferred way ahead .
we invariably ask the custodians of the business to [show] what they would see as their preferred way ahead .

There are many possible computers which could have been used to exemplify the terms we have introduced .
there are many possible computers which could have been used to [show] the terms we have introduced .

Furthermore , should such precision in stating a criterion enable test constructors to produce , unambiguously , a set of test items which exemplify it , there may be alternative ways of tackling the items .
furthermore , should such precision in stating a criterion enable test constructors to produce , unambiguously , a set of test items which [show] it , there may be alternative ways of tackling the items .

His role is to exemplify the theme of the two novels , the conflict between love and honour .
his role is to [show] the theme of the two novels , the conflict between love and honour .

So the new wave of mothers exemplify the separation between maternity and domesticity already entrenched in working-class culture since married women reentered the labour market after the Second World War .
so the new wave of mothers [show] the separation between maternity and domesticity already entrenched in working-class culture since married women reentered the labour market after the second world war .

The above exemplify ways in which specific qualifications are being developed in the land and sea based sector .
the above [show] ways in which specific qualifications are being developed in the land and sea based sector .

The series is designed to inform and exemplify without mathematical wizardry , and is aimed at those who read scientific papers as well as those who write them .
the series is designed to inform and [show] without mathematical wizardry , and is aimed at those who read scientific papers as well as those who write them .

Language differences , a huge barrier to mating , exemplify genetic isolating mechanisms .
language differences , a huge barrier to mating , [show] genetic isolating mechanisms .

Three specific projects described in detail exemplify the ways in which writing in role can be encouraged .
three specific projects described in detail [show] the ways in which writing in role can be encouraged .

His deliberately composed meditations exemplify his particularly characteristic gifts as a mystical writer in English — to project the elusive processes of the inner experiences of the human condition as live issues .
his deliberately composed meditations [show] his particularly characteristic gifts as a mystical writer in english — to project the elusive processes of the inner experiences of the human condition as live issues .

These samples of human oddity certainly exemplify cultural diversity but the choice of pictures immediately makes it obvious that the people who are to be discussed are `` primitives `` who lack all the gadgetry of modern technology and modern sanitation .
these samples of human oddity certainly [show] cultural diversity but the choice of pictures immediately makes it obvious that the people who are to be discussed are `` primitives `` who lack all the gadgetry of modern technology and modern sanitation .

Secondly , the research will assess the school-based experience and training that the students receive in teaching methods in order to determine the extent to which students have mastered an understanding of the nature and development of pupils ' historical thinking and are able to exemplify such understanding in their teaching styles .
secondly , the research will assess the school-based experience and training that the students receive in teaching methods in order to determine the extent to which students have mastered an understanding of the nature and development of pupils ' historical thinking and are able to [show] such understanding in their teaching styles .

At the end of Shakespearean Negotiations in concluding a discussion of The Tempest , Greenblatt tells a story to exemplify ‘ the continued doubleness of Shakespeare in our culture : at once the embodiment of civilised recreation … and the instrument of empire ’ .
at the end of shakespearean negotiations in concluding a discussion of the tempest , greenblatt tells a story to [show] ‘ the continued doubleness of shakespeare in our culture : at once the embodiment of civilised recreation … and the instrument of empire ’ .

The simple grid described above is used merely to exemplify the method which , with computer analysis of the data and a use of rank ordering or numerical scaling of the judgments , is able to reach a higher level of sophistication .
the simple grid described above is used merely to [show] the method which , with computer analysis of the data and a use of rank ordering or numerical scaling of the judgments , is able to reach a higher level of sophistication .

Out of the indefinitely large number of possible examples in English , we might suggest : Although the adjectives differ in many ways , which will be examined in the next nine chapters , these phrases all exemplify the qualifying structure of ( 1 ) ; the noun alone is not sufficient to identify the entity under consideration by the speaker so the adjective is introduced to aid the process .
out of the indefinitely large number of possible examples in english , we might suggest : although the adjectives differ in many ways , which will be examined in the next nine chapters , these phrases all [show] the qualifying structure of ( 1 ) ; the noun alone is not sufficient to identify the entity under consideration by the speaker so the adjective is introduced to aid the process .

The reason for this is that , overwhelmingly , nouns in post-copular position , as in ( 4 ) , exemplify the construction with equation rather than with assignment .
the reason for this is that , overwhelmingly , nouns in post-copular position , as in ( 4 ) , [show] the construction with equation rather than with assignment .

Skye , Rhum and Mull have exposures of major volcanic features , which exemplify many of the problems of modern volcanology on a world scale .
skye , rhum and mull have exposures of major volcanic features , which [show] many of the problems of modern volcanology on a world scale .

The social psychological survey embodied the practical use of scaling techniques by which the attitudes of respondents were held to exemplify positions on basic dimensions and , in this respect , has profoundly affected the way in which social researchers think about the constitution of `` things `` that constitute the social world .
the social psychological survey embodied the practical use of scaling techniques by which the attitudes of respondents were held to [show] positions on basic dimensions and , in this respect , has profoundly affected the way in which social researchers think about the constitution of `` things `` that constitute the social world .

The following cases exemplify this area of law .
the following cases [show] this area of law .

mode of argument ( g ) : Exemplify theories , terms or approaches , or use a classificatory system to describe a text ( usually in order to reflect back on how suitable or effective the descriptive system is ) .
mode of argument ( g ) : [show] theories , terms or approaches , or use a classificatory system to describe a text ( usually in order to reflect back on how suitable or effective the descriptive system is ) .

Mr Kingdon , who has lived in Africa all his life when not teaching zoology and art at Oxford , can exemplify any point he makes with an anecdote and a case history : from beetles in Namibia to monkeys in Zaire , chameleons in Cameroon or giant groundsels on Mount Kenya .
mr kingdon , who has lived in africa all his life when not teaching zoology and art at oxford , can [show] any point he makes with an anecdote and a case history : from beetles in namibia to monkeys in zaire , chameleons in cameroon or giant groundsels on mount kenya .

The system is supposed to exemplify the potential of multimedia .
the system is supposed to [show] the potential of multimedia .

Two Hasidic sayings exemplify this particularly : ‘ The best synagogue is the human heart , ’ and ‘ The heart is half prophet .
two hasidic sayings [show] this particularly : ‘ the best synagogue is the human heart , ’ and ‘ the heart is half prophet .

As the anthropologists whom he had read had used poetry to exemplify various rituals , so Eliot does the same with an ironic bite .
as the anthropologists whom he had read had used poetry to [show] various rituals , so eliot does the same with an ironic bite .

Despite his languid manner and an almost drawling accent , his achievements exemplify the best Scottish tradition of entrepreneurial independence .
despite his languid manner and an almost drawling accent , his achievements [show] the best scottish tradition of entrepreneurial independence .

Pupils should be taught how to spell words which occur frequently in their writing , or which are important to them , and those which exemplify regular spelling patterns .
pupils should be taught how to spell words which occur frequently in their writing , or which are important to them , and those which [show] regular spelling patterns .

In some areas the link with professional employment was integral to the courses taught — teacher and medical education exemplify this par excellence — but employers have never been very far away from the design and validation of courses in the ‘ public sector ’ .
in some areas the link with professional employment was integral to the courses taught — teacher and medical education [show] this par excellence — but employers have never been very far away from the design and validation of courses in the ‘ public sector ’ .

Although there are some special features in Berlin 's higher education system , most of its problems are common to many of West Germany 's universities , and exemplify the reasons why the climate is not ideal for research .
although there are some special features in berlin 's higher education system , most of its problems are common to many of west germany 's universities , and [show] the reasons why the climate is not ideal for research .

For the purpose of discussion the impact of agriculture on environment will initially be examined in relation to three distinct regions that exemplify developing world environments , namely arid and semi-arid regions , humid rainforest regions and mountain areas .
for the purpose of discussion the impact of agriculture on environment will initially be examined in relation to three distinct regions that [show] developing world environments , namely arid and semi-arid regions , humid rainforest regions and mountain areas .

Let ’ s take some cases that Phil Anderson uses to exemplify “ emergence. ” Gold is a yellow , malleable metal familiar to all of us .
let ’ s take some cases that phil anderson uses to [show] “ emergence. ” gold is a yellow , malleable metal familiar to all of us .

The linked exergonic and endergonic organic chemistry reactions present in the molecular autonomous agents that we call cells exemplify just this structural and functional subtlety .
the linked exergonic and endergonic organic chemistry reactions present in the molecular autonomous agents that we call cells [show] just this structural and functional subtlety .

Our convictions could not have been aired were it not for the essential Amendment work of responsible journalists , who exemplify the best in investigatory research .
our convictions could not have been aired were it not for the essential amendment work of responsible journalists , who [show] the best in investigatory research .

Because of human selection , cultivars may exemplify a range of exaggerated phenotypic attributes that give them the appearance of being , on the whole , more diverse than some of the wild populations from which they were derived , but in truth , domestication usually represents a kind of genetic bottleneck .
because of human selection , cultivars may [show] a range of exaggerated phenotypic attributes that give them the appearance of being , on the whole , more diverse than some of the wild populations from which they were derived , but in truth , domestication usually represents a kind of genetic bottleneck .

The gender-smashing antics of the Cockettes in San Francisco exemplify the collectively-made , often anonymous projects that contributed to the development of the gathering as an art form -- beyond the Happening lay the Be-In and drag ritual .
the gender-smashing antics of the cockettes in san francisco [show] the collectively-made , often anonymous projects that contributed to the development of the gathering as an art form -- beyond the happening lay the be-in and drag ritual .

A poetic homage , for sure , since the two writers exemplify the stylistic divide between the confessional poets of the postwar United States ( count Lowell , Berryman , Jarrell , Sexton , and others ) and their more objective British counterparts ( think of Hughes , Geoffrey Hill , etc .
a poetic homage , for sure , since the two writers [show] the stylistic divide between the confessional poets of the postwar united states ( count lowell , berryman , jarrell , sexton , and others ) and their more objective british counterparts ( think of hughes , geoffrey hill , etc .

A story says the Promise Keepers exemplify the right 's new strategy : Out-emote Bill Clinton .
a story says the promise keepers [show] the right 's new strategy : out-emote bill clinton .

Kirk Varnedoe has arranged the exhibition , and the excellent catalog that accompanies it , to exemplify what has become a leading theme of his work as chief curator of painting and sculpture at the museum .
kirk varnedoe has arranged the exhibition , and the excellent catalog that accompanies it , to [show] what has become a leading theme of his work as chief curator of painting and sculpture at the museum .

Come to think of it , Kennedy himself , though nominally the author of that book , did n't glaringly exemplify its message of principle above politics .
come to think of it , kennedy himself , though nominally the author of that book , did n't glaringly [show] its message of principle above politics .

The stories exemplify the macho , leave-the-Joneses-in-the-dust attitude on which you so charmingly riff .
the stories [show] the macho , leave-the-joneses-in-the-dust attitude on which you so charmingly riff .

Cobuild and CED are far from being such polar opposites , but they exemplify this general point .
cobuild and ced are far from being such polar opposites , but they [show] this general point .

In English , too , the spelling of the corresponding words can be regarded as etymological with the added peculiarity that they also exemplify the mechanism of spelling pronunciation , because they were borrowed for English from French rather than from Latin at a time when the < h > was no longer pronounced in French .
in english , too , the spelling of the corresponding words can be regarded as etymological with the added peculiarity that they also [show] the mechanism of spelling pronunciation , because they were borrowed for english from french rather than from latin at a time when the < h > was no longer pronounced in french .

