# add display and remove display from words

`` Meet the Artist '' is the invitation issued by members of the Greater Philadelphia Section of the National Council of Jewish Women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the Philmont Country Club on April 8 and 9 .
`` meet the artist '' is the invitation issued by members of the greater philadelphia section of the national council of jewish women as they arrange for an annual [show] and sale of paintings and sculpture at the philmont country club on april 8 and 9 .

It weighs in the tons , so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding exhibit each year .
it weighs in the tons , so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding [show] each year .

it maintains a central exhibit collection to share displays already created and used ; ;
it maintains a central [show] collection to share displays already created and used ; ;

People who take us for suckers are like the Westerner who had on exhibit his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements .
people who take us for suckers are like the westerner who had on [show] his superior marksmanship in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements .

Praises exhibit
praises [show]

Sir -- Every resident of this city should visit the Newark Museum and see the exhibit `` Our Changing Skyline in Newark '' .
sir -- every resident of this city should visit the newark museum and see the [show] `` our changing skyline in newark '' .

It should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit .
it should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of newark will live up to the challenge presented by this [show] .

The critics' campaign finally inspired the first major U.S. exhibit of Schiele's works .
the critics' campaign finally inspired the first major u.s. [show] of schiele's works .

Last week it opened at the J. B. Speed Museum in Louisville , at the very moment that a second Schiele exhibit was being made ready at the Felix Landau gallery in Los Angeles .
last week it opened at the j. b. speed museum in louisville , at the very moment that a second schiele [show] was being made ready at the felix landau gallery in los angeles .

The collected works of James Thurber , now numbering 25 volumes ( including the present exhibit ) represent a high standard of literary excellence , as every schoolboy knows .
the collected works of james thurber , now numbering 25 volumes ( including the present [show] ) represent a high standard of literary excellence , as every schoolboy knows .

of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation .
of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they [show] a concern to make a good job out of his pious impersonation .

The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby , Sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster ) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division .
the founder of the junior showmanship competition the late leonard brumby , sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at westminster ) was an outstanding handler and believed a junior should have an opportunity to [show] in a dog show starting with the junior showmanship division .

The central city areas , in other words , exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations : they have too few middle-class people ; ;
the central city areas , in other words , [show] the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations : they have too few middle-class people ; ;

He was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired Claude Lorrain , but reminisced with pleasure over a Poussin exhibit he had been able to see in Paris a year ago .
he was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired claude lorrain , but reminisced with pleasure over a poussin [show] he had been able to see in paris a year ago .

Professionally a lawyer , that is to say associated with dignity , reserve , discipline , with much that is essentially middle-class , he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up , disguised -- that is , paradoxically , revealed -- as a child , and , worse , as a whore masquerading as a child .
professionally a lawyer , that is to say associated with dignity , reserve , discipline , with much that is essentially middle-class , he is compelled by an impossible love to [show] himself dressed up , disguised -- that is , paradoxically , revealed -- as a child , and , worse , as a whore masquerading as a child .

Southern Liberals ( there are a good many ) -- especially if they're rich -- often exhibit blithe insouciance .
southern liberals ( there are a good many ) -- especially if they're rich -- often [show] blithe insouciance .

An exhibit , `` Macropathology -- An Ancient Art , A New Science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the American Medical Association .
an [show] , `` macropathology -- an ancient art , a new science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the american medical association .

A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by George S. Squibb , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum .
a three-dimensional [show] depicting `` a century of naval medicine '' was formally presented to the director by george s. squibb , great-grandson of the founder of e. r. squibb and sons , for permanent display in the museum .

whereas , with a poor formulation , the clothes exhibit a build-up of `` tattle-tale grey '' and dirty spots -- sometimes with bad results even after the first wash .
whereas , with a poor formulation , the clothes [show] a build-up of `` tattle-tale grey '' and dirty spots -- sometimes with bad results even after the first wash .

Dirt , which is here defined as particulate material which is usually inorganic and is very often extremely finely divided so as to exhibit colloidal properties .
dirt , which is here defined as particulate material which is usually inorganic and is very often extremely finely divided so as to [show] colloidal properties .

As is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution .
as is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which [show] the property of forming micelles in solution .

In considering BW defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect .
in considering bw defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to [show] optimum effect .

The fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or under-achievement these children exhibit .
the fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or under-achievement these children [show] .

they exhibit a keen interest in social , political , and economic problems , but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work .
they [show] a keen interest in social , political , and economic problems , but they frequently have vague and incorrect notions about the terms they use rather glibly in their routine school work .

I don't like to exhibit the deadly dampening effect of an elderly man's caution '' .
i don't like to [show] the deadly dampening effect of an elderly man's caution '' .

The lot balls are just one exhibit of the Yarnton Village History Project .
the lot balls are just one [show] of the yarnton village history project .

The puppet is an exhibit at a cartoon gallery in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford and the real Mr Heseltine just happened to be passing through .
the puppet is an [show] at a cartoon gallery in the ashmolean museum in oxford and the real mr heseltine just happened to be passing through .

There 's a very nice exhibit in until August of all his work
there 's a very nice [show] in until august of all his work

It reverts to being a dense moral imperium , so to speak , where to make themselves heard dissenters are called on to exhibit certain credentials .
it reverts to being a dense moral imperium , so to speak , where to make themselves heard dissenters are called on to [show] certain credentials .

In 1888 the York Street site was able to exhibit in Glasgow a revolutionary steel underframe to replace the existing timber supports for wagons and carriages , and the world of railways was very impressed .
in 1888 the york street site was able to [show] in glasgow a revolutionary steel underframe to replace the existing timber supports for wagons and carriages , and the world of railways was very impressed .

Like Tamas , most draft dodgers are barely in their twenties , but already they exhibit classic symptoms of exile 's syndrome : relief at getting out , guilt at leaving their family and friends behind and an unbreakable addiction to the news about the wars in former Yugoslavia .
like tamas , most draft dodgers are barely in their twenties , but already they [show] classic symptoms of exile 's syndrome : relief at getting out , guilt at leaving their family and friends behind and an unbreakable addiction to the news about the wars in former yugoslavia .

Rather than remove these reminders of Glasgow 's past , the city 's planners wisely insisted that the facade survived not as a real building but almost as a museum exhibit whose Stones of Venice had appeared two years earlier .
rather than remove these reminders of glasgow 's past , the city 's planners wisely insisted that the facade survived not as a real building but almost as a museum [show] whose stones of venice had appeared two years earlier .

The Kirkland facade is more than a mere architectural exhibit within the building , for
the kirkland facade is more than a mere architectural [show] within the building , for

Alison 's plan is to get 1,000 letters , make them up into parcels , cover them in wax , and then exhibit the resulting installation at the college 's degree show .
alison 's plan is to get 1,000 letters , make them up into parcels , cover them in wax , and then [show] the resulting installation at the college 's degree show .

the market may exhibit pockets of inefficiency ) .
the market may [show] pockets of inefficiency ) .

New exhibit :
new [show] :

The museum 's weirdest exhibit , hailed in its time as a ‘ Marvel of the age ’ and a ‘ Wonderful freak of nature ’ , is a must for children and can be found just along the corridor .
the museum 's weirdest [show] , hailed in its time as a ‘ marvel of the age ’ and a ‘ wonderful freak of nature ’ , is a must for children and can be found just along the corridor .

But the urge to develop his own talent as an artist soon took over , and he began to exhibit his paintings in local galleries , such as Glyn y Weddw on the Lln peninsula , before finally deciding to leave teaching in 1989 , and becoming a professional artist .
but the urge to develop his own talent as an artist soon took over , and he began to [show] his paintings in local galleries , such as glyn y weddw on the lln peninsula , before finally deciding to leave teaching in 1989 , and becoming a professional artist .

They exhibit at shows all over the country , and the nursery at Woodmancote has become famous for it 's collection .
they [show] at shows all over the country , and the nursery at woodmancote has become famous for it 's collection .

An exhibitor 's put an exhibit up and everyone thinks they can beat it but when they 've gone and left their the exhibitors gone back and put a new lot up … things like that happen . But they 're all good pals together really and help one another
an exhibitor 's put an [show] up and everyone thinks they can beat it but when they 've gone and left their the exhibitors gone back and put a new lot up … things like that happen . but they 're all good pals together really and help one another

They all seem to be in one exhibit , that is obviously the favourite .
they all seem to be in one [show] , that is obviously the favourite .

The favourite exhibit so far , with , with the first party of schoolchildren is the one that 's called safety in the dark .
the favourite [show] so far , with , with the first party of schoolchildren is the one that 's called safety in the dark .

Product ‘ stars ’ on view were Intersleek and Intershield and the exhibit also dealt with fireproofing and health and safety issues .
product ‘ stars ’ on view were intersleek and intershield and the [show] also dealt with fireproofing and health and safety issues .

While a moving-coil meter does not exhibit any steady deflection when sinusoidal current passes through it and must be preceded by some form of rectifying circuit before it can register such current , other forms of meter exist that respond usefully by themselves to sinusoidal current .
while a moving-coil meter does not [show] any steady deflection when sinusoidal current passes through it and must be preceded by some form of rectifying circuit before it can register such current , other forms of meter exist that respond usefully by themselves to sinusoidal current .

Inductors exhibit inherent resistance and capacitance and are less convenient as standards than capacitors , particularly when continuous variation is required , as discussed in sections 4.1 and 4.2 .
inductors [show] inherent resistance and capacitance and are less convenient as standards than capacitors , particularly when continuous variation is required , as discussed in sections 4.1 and 4.2 .

Of the various bridges considered so far , only the Hay bridge mentioned in section 7.4 features balance conditions that exhibit an explicit dependence on frequency so that it can be used to measure the frequency of the source in terms of appropriate components .
of the various bridges considered so far , only the hay bridge mentioned in section 7.4 features balance conditions that [show] an explicit dependence on frequency so that it can be used to measure the frequency of the source in terms of appropriate components .

Purely reactive filters are , of course , impossible to achieve in practice and , in any approximation to them , the components inevitably exhibit resistive losses .
purely reactive filters are , of course , impossible to achieve in practice and , in any approximation to them , the components inevitably [show] resistive losses .

It will be appreciated that the conductors of a transmission line inevitably exhibit some series inductance and some capacitance between each other besides some series resistance and some conductance between each other .
it will be appreciated that the conductors of a transmission line inevitably [show] some series inductance and some capacitance between each other besides some series resistance and some conductance between each other .

Parameters and are in fact dimensionless while and respectively exhibit impedance and admittance dimensions .
parameters and are in fact dimensionless while and respectively [show] impedance and admittance dimensions .

Networks that exhibit the same terminal behaviour as some device , system or more complicated network are naturally known as equivalent circuits .
networks that [show] the same terminal behaviour as some device , system or more complicated network are naturally known as equivalent circuits .

An ideal operational amplifier would at all frequencies exhibit infinite gain , no electrical noise , zero output impedance and infinite input impedance so that the mathematical operation would be completely determined by the feedback network .
an ideal operational amplifier would at all frequencies [show] infinite gain , no electrical noise , zero output impedance and infinite input impedance so that the mathematical operation would be completely determined by the feedback network .

, which were deduced in the previous section , exhibit interesting behaviour .
, which were deduced in the previous section , [show] interesting behaviour .

Additionally , while older sets of Groove Tubes exhibit normal loss of output power , they remain closely matched in our performance testing system , with balanced harmonics , longer sustain and prolonged usable lifespan .
additionally , while older sets of groove tubes [show] normal loss of output power , they remain closely matched in our performance testing system , with balanced harmonics , longer sustain and prolonged usable lifespan .

Water quality does not appear to be of great concern to these hardy fish , although an approximate simulation of Amazonian habitats does encourage them to exhibit better coloration .
water quality does not appear to be of great concern to these hardy fish , although an approximate simulation of amazonian habitats does encourage them to [show] better coloration .

On the other hand , a shoal of about 50 or 60 Spotted Rasbora , kept in a 4′ × 1′ tank , can be an extremely interesting exhibit in its own right .
on the other hand , a shoal of about 50 or 60 spotted rasbora , kept in a 4′ × 1′ tank , can be an extremely interesting [show] in its own right .

This input will usually exhibit an input impedance of about 50 kilohms .
this input will usually [show] an input impedance of about 50 kilohms .

Both cells exhibit the same biochemical pathways in photosynthesis , hinting at a common origin .
both cells [show] the same biochemical pathways in photosynthesis , hinting at a common origin .

Mammals and birds both have large brains relative to reptiles , and exhibit ‘ intelligent ’ behaviour .
mammals and birds both have large brains relative to reptiles , and [show] ‘ intelligent ’ behaviour .

Seeing these fish grow larger and exhibit adult colouration is the next stage of enjoyment .
seeing these fish grow larger and [show] adult colouration is the next stage of enjoyment .

The fish within a typical marine community tank fish collection are also likely to exhibit a wide range of feeding modes .
the fish within a typical marine community tank fish collection are also likely to [show] a wide range of feeding modes .

Sharp even split its exhibit between two venues , the company 's showrooms in Vere Street near Oxford Circus and a hotel near Marble Arch .
sharp even split its [show] between two venues , the company 's showrooms in vere street near oxford circus and a hotel near marble arch .

It 's very difficult to describe sounds , but the humbuckers fitted to this guitar exhibit real tone .
it 's very difficult to describe sounds , but the humbuckers fitted to this guitar [show] real tone .

These conflicting experimental results may in fact be indicating that different batches or strains of the same species of plant , too , may exhibit different reaction patterns to the same homoeopathic remedy , and serve to underline the difficulty of using animal or plant models in a situation where , even with a cooperative patient giving a good history , remedy selection can be extremely difficult .
these conflicting experimental results may in fact be indicating that different batches or strains of the same species of plant , too , may [show] different reaction patterns to the same homoeopathic remedy , and serve to underline the difficulty of using animal or plant models in a situation where , even with a cooperative patient giving a good history , remedy selection can be extremely difficult .

Most private sector employers advertise locally and in the nursing press , although some may run recruitment drives of their own , or exhibit at a job fair .
most private sector employers advertise locally and in the nursing press , although some may run recruitment drives of their own , or [show] at a job fair .

The horizontal rock strata create a vast , stepped geology exhibit .
the horizontal rock strata create a vast , stepped geology [show] .

They point out that bottom-up statistical methods are efficient from a computational point of view , but exhibit poor error correcting capabilities .
they point out that bottom-up statistical methods are efficient from a computational point of view , but [show] poor error correcting capabilities .

John Brady , whose company claims it owns licensing rights to the creatures , said : ‘ Henson walked past our exhibit with some heavy-set gentlemen .
john brady , whose company claims it owns licensing rights to the creatures , said : ‘ henson walked past our [show] with some heavy-set gentlemen .

Jimmy smashed the previous British melon record by nearly eight pounds , but he wo n't be tucking into his prize exhibit — he has already raffled the mouth-watering treat to raise money for the British Heart Foundation .
jimmy smashed the previous british melon record by nearly eight pounds , but he wo n't be tucking into his prize [show] — he has already raffled the mouth-watering treat to raise money for the british heart foundation .

As Pressman reports , Woonerf streets exhibit a stronger social cohesiveness , much brought about by the involvement of the residents themselves in a sophisticated process of planning their own surroundings .
as pressman reports , woonerf streets [show] a stronger social cohesiveness , much brought about by the involvement of the residents themselves in a sophisticated process of planning their own surroundings .

The next was ‘ London ’ — a modern exhibit with two black tubes representing buildings and thick blue wire , the Thames .
the next was ‘ london ’ — a modern [show] with two black tubes representing buildings and thick blue wire , the thames .

Teaching , he felt , should be carried out by draughtsmen and painters , who actually exhibit , rather than by mere teachers training other teachers .
teaching , he felt , should be carried out by draughtsmen and painters , who actually [show] , rather than by mere teachers training other teachers .

Do you want it to be just a commercial success or do you see it as an opportunity to exhibit large or unusual works , or the sort of work you would like to do more of ?
do you want it to be just a commercial success or do you see it as an opportunity to [show] large or unusual works , or the sort of work you would like to do more of ?

Pre-school children are likely to show management problems in feeding and sleeping , temper tantrums , irritability and misery ; middle school children may exhibit aggressive behaviour , truancy , lying , stealing or overtly emotional problems such as depression , anxiety , fearfulness or withdrawal .
pre-school children are likely to show management problems in feeding and sleeping , temper tantrums , irritability and misery ; middle school children may [show] aggressive behaviour , truancy , lying , stealing or overtly emotional problems such as depression , anxiety , fearfulness or withdrawal .

Children usually exhibit symptoms or signals long before they run away : they may lie , steal , truant , experiment with drugs or alcohol , create conflict , throw tantrums , be angry or depressed ; finally they run away .
children usually [show] symptoms or signals long before they run away : they may lie , steal , truant , experiment with drugs or alcohol , create conflict , throw tantrums , be angry or depressed ; finally they run away .

In 1986 she was invited to exhibit at several French museums , including the famous Musée Fabre , Montpelier .
in 1986 she was invited to [show] at several french museums , including the famous musée fabre , montpelier .

If the range of talent that country stars exhibit is heterogeneous , so too is the profile they project .
if the range of talent that country stars [show] is heterogeneous , so too is the profile they project .

People still exhibit articles for sale on the quayside for visiting cruise ships , but boys no longer dive into the murky waters .
people still [show] articles for sale on the quayside for visiting cruise ships , but boys no longer dive into the murky waters .

They are , as a rule , stunted in growth , ill-shaped , and frequently ill-formed in the chest ; they become prematurely old , and are certainly short-lived ; they are phlegmatic and bloodless and exhibit their debility of constitution by obstinate attacks of dyspepsia , and disorders of the liver and kidneys , and by rheumatism .
they are , as a rule , stunted in growth , ill-shaped , and frequently ill-formed in the chest ; they become prematurely old , and are certainly short-lived ; they are phlegmatic and bloodless and [show] their debility of constitution by obstinate attacks of dyspepsia , and disorders of the liver and kidneys , and by rheumatism .

There are , however , two styles of shroud , one all-enveloping with top-knot and flowing drapery at the feet , the fabric pushed apart to exhibit the remains from upper pelvis to forehead and with the arms crossed over the breast so that the fingers touch the shoulders ; the other is knotted at top and bottom with the skeleton free-standing , something achieved by sitting the top-knot on the skull and letting the rest fall freely , acting as a backdrop to the ghastly remains , with the arms dangling free and the hands outstretched .
there are , however , two styles of shroud , one all-enveloping with top-knot and flowing drapery at the feet , the fabric pushed apart to [show] the remains from upper pelvis to forehead and with the arms crossed over the breast so that the fingers touch the shoulders ; the other is knotted at top and bottom with the skeleton free-standing , something achieved by sitting the top-knot on the skull and letting the rest fall freely , acting as a backdrop to the ghastly remains , with the arms dangling free and the hands outstretched .

Recent vault clearances of over 2,000 coffins of the period 1729–1865 from St Marylebone Parish Church and Christchurch , Spitalfields , 18 exhibit a change in attitude ; for here , whilst it was not unusual to find wedding rings and dentures in situ , there were two instances — both men — of day-clothes having been used in place of the shroud : one in military uniform , the other an octogenarian macaroni with his walking stick , sporting an outfit more suited to a man sixty years his junior , as did the coiffure of his wig .
recent vault clearances of over 2,000 coffins of the period 1729–1865 from st marylebone parish church and christchurch , spitalfields , 18 [show] a change in attitude ; for here , whilst it was not unusual to find wedding rings and dentures in situ , there were two instances — both men — of day-clothes having been used in place of the shroud : one in military uniform , the other an octogenarian macaroni with his walking stick , sporting an outfit more suited to a man sixty years his junior , as did the coiffure of his wig .

Now Mr Albert , with more ability than Hank thought such an old fogey could exhibit , had shown him that he could look quite as dignified as Captain Dawson , not a bent peasant like Grandfather Palichuk or a rugged , outdoor type like his father , but a very respectable townsman called Hank Stych .
now mr albert , with more ability than hank thought such an old fogey could [show] , had shown him that he could look quite as dignified as captain dawson , not a bent peasant like grandfather palichuk or a rugged , outdoor type like his father , but a very respectable townsman called hank stych .

Famous Squig hunters are happy to exhibit their skills with daring spectacles such as Squig wrestling , tunnel racing , Squig pit leaping , and bare-back Squig riding .
famous squig hunters are happy to [show] their skills with daring spectacles such as squig wrestling , tunnel racing , squig pit leaping , and bare-back squig riding .

Most have impressive scars which they cheerfully exhibit to anyone foolhardy enough to express an interest .
most have impressive scars which they cheerfully [show] to anyone foolhardy enough to express an interest .

Teachers must value the child 's contribution and through anticipation of his or her needs provide the necessary tools for the child to exhibit the work in the best possible light .
teachers must value the child 's contribution and through anticipation of his or her needs provide the necessary tools for the child to [show] the work in the best possible light .

There is a much larger number of pupils who exhibit disruptive behaviour which can , should and must be dealt with by an effective school response .
there is a much larger number of pupils who [show] disruptive behaviour which can , should and must be dealt with by an effective school response .

The usual solution to this problem is to develop animal models of the human problem , in which animals are constrained to exhibit the sorts of disturbances that a particular scientist believes to be the salient feature of the human disorder .
the usual solution to this problem is to develop animal models of the human problem , in which animals are constrained to [show] the sorts of disturbances that a particular scientist believes to be the salient feature of the human disorder .

They exhibit the pre-linguistic sensations of pain and the ancestral tokens of human attributes such as deliberative intent , rational planning , choice , desire , fear , anger , and some beliefs , where our guiding criteria are the close similarity of their behavioural patterns , in like circumstances , to our own .
they [show] the pre-linguistic sensations of pain and the ancestral tokens of human attributes such as deliberative intent , rational planning , choice , desire , fear , anger , and some beliefs , where our guiding criteria are the close similarity of their behavioural patterns , in like circumstances , to our own .

The fears they embody need dealing with just as much as the wrong thinking they exhibit .
the fears they embody need dealing with just as much as the wrong thinking they [show] .

The Fresson Trust , who are unveiling a statue to Northern air pioneer Captain Ernest Fresson ( see FlyPast October issue ) , are keen to start a small museum at the Highlands capital airport and ‘ we would love to have the aircraft as our first exhibit ’ , said Trust Chairman Peter Clegg .
the fresson trust , who are unveiling a statue to northern air pioneer captain ernest fresson ( see flypast october issue ) , are keen to start a small museum at the highlands capital airport and ‘ we would love to have the aircraft as our first [show] ’ , said trust chairman peter clegg .

Later campaigns would exhibit a similar mix of individual concerns and social issues .
later campaigns would [show] a similar mix of individual concerns and social issues .

The edge of the dorsal fin is not tapered and they often exhibit a dark band running along the flank from the eye to the caudal fin .
the edge of the dorsal fin is not tapered and they often [show] a dark band running along the flank from the eye to the caudal fin .

They 're not angst-ridden outsiders and they exhibit no signs of the burgeoning self-importance , self-pity and self-aggrandisement we became so used to during John Hughes ' years as Tycoon of Teen .
they 're not angst-ridden outsiders and they [show] no signs of the burgeoning self-importance , self-pity and self-aggrandisement we became so used to during john hughes ' years as tycoon of teen .

View of one of the exhibit halls .
view of one of the [show] halls .

Typical failures exhibit a thin layer of wood covering the glued surface .
typical failures [show] a thin layer of wood covering the glued surface .

Since glow-worms , fireflies , electric eels and many fish exhibit a similar phenomenon , the statement is not unrealistic .
since glow-worms , fireflies , electric eels and many fish [show] a similar phenomenon , the statement is not unrealistic .

Living cells can also exhibit an electrodynamic character , e.g .
living cells can also [show] an electrodynamic character , e.g .

The three crimes examined in detail , cattle stealing , homicide and riot , all exhibit different relationships with the expansion of the market economy , and even these three crimes are not representative of crime in general .
the three crimes examined in detail , cattle stealing , homicide and riot , all [show] different relationships with the expansion of the market economy , and even these three crimes are not representative of crime in general .

Already supported to the tune of some $50,000 a year from the proceeds of annual art auction , local rugby earned high praise when Parfrey 's club , The Swilers , donated $2,000 to help cover the costs of a month long exhibit of work by the French master Marc Chagall at Memorial University .
already supported to the tune of some $50,000 a year from the proceeds of annual art auction , local rugby earned high praise when parfrey 's club , the swilers , donated $2,000 to help cover the costs of a month long [show] of work by the french master marc chagall at memorial university .

After the closure of the prison in 1805 , Lambert reluctantly decided to exhibit himself in London , and travelled there in a specially constructed coach .
after the closure of the prison in 1805 , lambert reluctantly decided to [show] himself in london , and travelled there in a specially constructed coach .

Lambert came to Stamford to exhibit himself during the horse races which took place on Wittering Heath to the south of the town .
lambert came to stamford to [show] himself during the horse races which took place on wittering heath to the south of the town .

He had to drag out of nature whatever lay hidden and ‘ inferior ’ — to use Jung 's word — and exhibit it on the opened-out surface of a work of art .
he had to drag out of nature whatever lay hidden and ‘ inferior ’ — to use jung 's word — and [show] it on the opened-out surface of a work of art .

He could exhibit a saint-like submissiveness , become a mere servant of art , willing to learn from anyone ; he would sit patiently at the bedsides of the sick and dying , painting unhappy men and women and feeling awe before peasant earth-mothers , but he could never be coerced into doing anything against his will .
he could [show] a saint-like submissiveness , become a mere servant of art , willing to learn from anyone ; he would sit patiently at the bedsides of the sick and dying , painting unhappy men and women and feeling awe before peasant earth-mothers , but he could never be coerced into doing anything against his will .

Examples have been widely attested of learners who exhibit correct performance on certain forms , and then lapse into deviance later on .
examples have been widely attested of learners who [show] correct performance on certain forms , and then lapse into deviance later on .

We live in a society riddled with discrimination and social workers are as likely to exhibit prejudice as any other group .
we live in a society riddled with discrimination and social workers are as likely to [show] prejudice as any other group .

Unwounded seedlings subjected to these conditions ( lines 1–3 ) also did not exhibit any systemic electrical signal , either spontaneously or on excision of the cotyledon .
unwounded seedlings subjected to these conditions ( lines 1–3 ) also did not [show] any systemic electrical signal , either spontaneously or on excision of the cotyledon .

2 d , e , f ) ; these and the medial branchial motor neurons of r2 exhibit strong Hox/lacZ staining , reduplicating the pattern of r4/5 .
2 d , e , f ) ; these and the medial branchial motor neurons of r2 [show] strong hox/lacz staining , reduplicating the pattern of r4/5 .

Given that sexual selection in birds usually acts more strongly on males than females , we predict that the reduced role of sexual selection in the evolution of long forked tails should mean that these generally exhibit lower sexual dimorphism in length than do long graduated tails or pintails .
given that sexual selection in birds usually acts more strongly on males than females , we predict that the reduced role of sexual selection in the evolution of long forked tails should mean that these generally [show] lower sexual dimorphism in length than do long graduated tails or pintails .

In turn , this implied that deviants should exhibit a ‘ gap ’ between their conventional aspirations and expectations , and should be clearly differentiated from non-deviants by their adherence to oppositional values ( neither of which turned out to be the case ) .
in turn , this implied that deviants should [show] a ‘ gap ’ between their conventional aspirations and expectations , and should be clearly differentiated from non-deviants by their adherence to oppositional values ( neither of which turned out to be the case ) .

It is just as well , in view of the profusion of black ink blotting out the salient points in Goya 's Maja Desnuda ( ‘ Homeless masterpieces ’ , May 1st ) , that there are no plans to publicly exhibit this or other similarly rude paintings in Indonesia .
it is just as well , in view of the profusion of black ink blotting out the salient points in goya 's maja desnuda ( ‘ homeless masterpieces ’ , may 1st ) , that there are no plans to publicly [show] this or other similarly rude paintings in indonesia .

His black and white , ‘ meditive ’ , large format landscapes shots are soon to be on exhibit in Bath and Newport , Gwent .
his black and white , ‘ meditive ’ , large format landscapes shots are soon to be on [show] in bath and newport , gwent .

Attempting to challenge and change the attitudes of individuals who feel discomfort or exhibit prejudice when faced with the possibility , or reality , of encountering people with disabilities is both a responsibility in my job and intrinsic to my personality .
attempting to challenge and change the attitudes of individuals who feel discomfort or [show] prejudice when faced with the possibility , or reality , of encountering people with disabilities is both a responsibility in my job and intrinsic to my personality .

In addition there will be full catalogue entries for each exhibit by a team of scholars .
in addition there will be full catalogue entries for each [show] by a team of scholars .

Worldwide recession is obviously to blame for poorer attendance , as is unwillingness on the part of dealers to exhibit major pieces when clients are hesitant about buying .
worldwide recession is obviously to blame for poorer attendance , as is unwillingness on the part of dealers to [show] major pieces when clients are hesitant about buying .

Richard Dorment of the Daily Telegraph said : ‘ What a pity a dealer did not take him aside and tell him the work he proposed to exhibit was unexhibitable … a visual boredom so total that no amount of metaphor or allusion can give it the kiss of life ’ .
richard dorment of the daily telegraph said : ‘ what a pity a dealer did not take him aside and tell him the work he proposed to [show] was unexhibitable … a visual boredom so total that no amount of metaphor or allusion can give it the kiss of life ’ .

The new space will enable the three departments to exhibit on a three- to four-month rotating basis , showing up to seventy-five works per time .
the new space will enable the three departments to [show] on a three- to four-month rotating basis , showing up to seventy-five works per time .

The Kunsthalle , a space ( usually municipally funded ) in which artists can exhibit their works outside academic and museum constraints , is largely unknown in the United States , even though every small city in the country seems to have built a ‘ contemporary art space ’ over the last ten years .
the kunsthalle , a space ( usually municipally funded ) in which artists can [show] their works outside academic and museum constraints , is largely unknown in the united states , even though every small city in the country seems to have built a ‘ contemporary art space ’ over the last ten years .

‘ Turning our attention now to the remaining portion of the Archipelago , we shall find that all the islands from the Celebes and Lombok eastward exhibit almost as close a resemblance to Australia and New Guinea as the western islands do to Asia … ’
‘ turning our attention now to the remaining portion of the archipelago , we shall find that all the islands from the celebes and lombok eastward [show] almost as close a resemblance to australia and new guinea as the western islands do to asia … ’

The promising young American sculptress , who was included in ‘ Post-Human ’ and ‘ Strange Developments ’ , both curated by Jeffrey Deitch , has a room in the current Whitney Biennial in New York , and will be seen in the Aperto section of the Venice Biennale , is the first female artist to exhibit with the gallery , pace Gwen John , and her exhibition introduces a programme of younger art which the gallery will be presenting in the autumn under the supervision of staff member , Sadie Coles .
the promising young american sculptress , who was included in ‘ post-human ’ and ‘ strange developments ’ , both curated by jeffrey deitch , has a room in the current whitney biennial in new york , and will be seen in the aperto section of the venice biennale , is the first female artist to [show] with the gallery , pace gwen john , and her exhibition introduces a programme of younger art which the gallery will be presenting in the autumn under the supervision of staff member , sadie coles .

The whole point of the Independents exhibition was to enable artists to satisfy their need to exhibit without having to submit their work to a hanging committee .
the whole point of the independents exhibition was to enable artists to satisfy their need to [show] without having to submit their work to a hanging committee .

Detailed catalogue entries for each exhibit .
detailed catalogue entries for each [show] .

The other main steam exhibit at the museum is No .
the other main steam [show] at the museum is no .

Although Ryman has been making art since 1954 and belongs to the generation of Jasper Johns , he did not exhibit his work until the later Sixties and was not given a solo museum exhibition until 1972 .
although ryman has been making art since 1954 and belongs to the generation of jasper johns , he did not [show] his work until the later sixties and was not given a solo museum exhibition until 1972 .

The newly acquired space will be used for offices , a museum store and a small cafe , leaving the Ca ' Venier dei Leoni free to exhibit the permanent collection .
the newly acquired space will be used for offices , a museum store and a small cafe , leaving the ca ' venier dei leoni free to [show] the permanent collection .

Having spent decades replacing them with sleeker modern ones , they are now spending fortunes to buy back , and even exhibit them .
having spent decades replacing them with sleeker modern ones , they are now spending fortunes to buy back , and even [show] them .

Ortiz , a respected connoisseur and collector of art from ancient civilisations was approached in 1986 by Mikhail Treister , then acting secretary of the State Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts , with an invitation to exhibit his collection in Moscow .
ortiz , a respected connoisseur and collector of art from ancient civilisations was approached in 1986 by mikhail treister , then acting secretary of the state pushkin museum of fine arts , with an invitation to [show] his collection in moscow .

The picture of a one-eyed bordello Madam , meanwhile , has been prize exhibit in the Blue Period room of Paris 's Musée Picasso ever since its acquisition in 1989 .
the picture of a one-eyed bordello madam , meanwhile , has been prize [show] in the blue period room of paris 's musée picasso ever since its acquisition in 1989 .

It was 15′ long , and the workmen in the published photograph were raising the model as an exhibit for the enquiry convened after the disaster at Beauvais in October 1930 .
it was 15′ long , and the workmen in the published photograph were raising the model as an [show] for the enquiry convened after the disaster at beauvais in october 1930 .

Watercolours of a very delicate or atmospheric style will exhibit greater subtlety when painted on Hot Pressed surfaces .
watercolours of a very delicate or atmospheric style will [show] greater subtlety when painted on hot pressed surfaces .

Surviving Japanese aircraft are few and far between , recent trends to collect and exhibit them are to be encouraged , they represent a fount of experience and knowledge that has only slightly been dipped into .
surviving japanese aircraft are few and far between , recent trends to collect and [show] them are to be encouraged , they represent a fount of experience and knowledge that has only slightly been dipped into .

The radical Unitarian , Thomas Cooper , proclaimed opposition to the slave trade as a particular duty of Englishmen ‘ who claim Freedom as our birth-right … we are in honour bound to assist in exterminating the most diabolical exertion of political tyranny which the annals of oppression can exhibit ’ .
the radical unitarian , thomas cooper , proclaimed opposition to the slave trade as a particular duty of englishmen ‘ who claim freedom as our birth-right … we are in honour bound to assist in exterminating the most diabolical exertion of political tyranny which the annals of oppression can [show] ’ .

Obviously a fish which , through abnormal pigmentation , can not exhibit these ‘ communication patterns ’ will be severely disadvantaged in its relationships with others of its species .
obviously a fish which , through abnormal pigmentation , can not [show] these ‘ communication patterns ’ will be severely disadvantaged in its relationships with others of its species .

For home enthusiasts , they are a temporary exhibit , and can be kept for up to one month in normal conditions .
for home enthusiasts , they are a temporary [show] , and can be kept for up to one month in normal conditions .

The self-esteem of the individual learner of sign language must therefore be particularly strong and will be apparent in his convictions as well as in the ability to exhibit empathy in relation to the other users of the language .
the self-esteem of the individual learner of sign language must therefore be particularly strong and will be apparent in his convictions as well as in the ability to [show] empathy in relation to the other users of the language .

Conrad and Rush ( 1965 ) showed that deaf children do not exhibit the same type of coding in memory tasks as do hearing children .
conrad and rush ( 1965 ) showed that deaf children do not [show] the same type of coding in memory tasks as do hearing children .

Deaf signers exhibit effects of language knowledge on the form of coding inferred from results of short-term memory experiments .
deaf signers [show] effects of language knowledge on the form of coding inferred from results of short-term memory experiments .

They are both gladiatorial in the sense that the participant ; train or practise and exhibit their skills and enthusiasm for one end , the amusement of others .
they are both gladiatorial in the sense that the participant ; train or practise and [show] their skills and enthusiasm for one end , the amusement of others .

The segmentation of the occupational system effectively creates discrete spheres of employment which exhibit radical discontinuities in terms of their structures , processes and possibilities .
the segmentation of the occupational system effectively creates discrete spheres of employment which [show] radical discontinuities in terms of their structures , processes and possibilities .

The model does not claim to include all the possible determinants of union growth , and because it is concerned with the rate of change ( rather than the level ) of union membership influences such as the structure of the labour force , which exhibit little annual variation , are excluded .
the model does not claim to include all the possible determinants of union growth , and because it is concerned with the rate of change ( rather than the level ) of union membership influences such as the structure of the labour force , which [show] little annual variation , are excluded .

Ceauşescu elected to exhibit his trophies in the National History Museum in Bucharest , in salons of ‘ homage ’ where his subjects could see the admiration Western democrats felt for their leader .
ceauşescu elected to [show] his trophies in the national history museum in bucharest , in salons of ‘ homage ’ where his subjects could see the admiration western democrats felt for their leader .

This delineation of labourism is ideal-typical ; in practice it could exhibit contradictory tendencies .
this delineation of labourism is ideal-typical ; in practice it could [show] contradictory tendencies .

Although this interest in pseudo-historical connections was Morgan 's primary concern , he was also one of the first anthropologists to understand that the names used to designate relatives are not simply determined by linguistic rules without reference to social factors ; kinship terms have an important social dimension , since relatives grouped together and called by the same term exhibit , at least in certain respects , shared patterns of behaviour .
although this interest in pseudo-historical connections was morgan 's primary concern , he was also one of the first anthropologists to understand that the names used to designate relatives are not simply determined by linguistic rules without reference to social factors ; kinship terms have an important social dimension , since relatives grouped together and called by the same term [show] , at least in certain respects , shared patterns of behaviour .

The fact that not all societies that anthropologists call ‘ patrilineal ’ exhibit correspondingly warm relationships between sister 's sons and mother 's brothers does not necessarily invalidate the argument either ; for , as we shall see later , definitions of what constitutes ‘ patrilineal ’ kinship ( or ‘ matrilineal ’ for that matter ) are seldom watertight .
the fact that not all societies that anthropologists call ‘ patrilineal ’ [show] correspondingly warm relationships between sister 's sons and mother 's brothers does not necessarily invalidate the argument either ; for , as we shall see later , definitions of what constitutes ‘ patrilineal ’ kinship ( or ‘ matrilineal ’ for that matter ) are seldom watertight .

As Lévi-Strauss himself acknowledges , all social phenomena can of course be said to possess or exhibit ‘ structure ’ ( i.e .
as lévi-strauss himself acknowledges , all social phenomena can of course be said to possess or [show] ‘ structure ’ ( i.e .

Like their individual members , these tiny political units exhibit a cycle of birth , growth , and decay .
like their individual members , these tiny political units [show] a cycle of birth , growth , and decay .

The spirits thus exhibit a praiseworthy concern for the psychological health of the community .
the spirits thus [show] a praiseworthy concern for the psychological health of the community .

Other tribal cosmologies exhibit analogous features some of which we shall consider later .
other tribal cosmologies [show] analogous features some of which we shall consider later .

In short , related to a factual statement is a certain belief of which both those who utter it and those who assent to it express or exhibit their acceptance .
in short , related to a factual statement is a certain belief of which both those who utter it and those who assent to it express or [show] their acceptance .

The unlikelihood of the urban parish continuing to exhibit the features of a self-standing community has also been revealed by research showing the way in which kinship and friendship contacts are kept up over ever increasing geographical distances , largely because of mass car and telephone ownership .
the unlikelihood of the urban parish continuing to [show] the features of a self-standing community has also been revealed by research showing the way in which kinship and friendship contacts are kept up over ever increasing geographical distances , largely because of mass car and telephone ownership .

Other countries exhibit both .
other countries [show] both .

The florist sat down , his back straight , his hat gripped tightly on his knees , mortified at having to exhibit his bald crown , a thing he never did , even at mealtimes .
the florist sat down , his back straight , his hat gripped tightly on his knees , mortified at having to [show] his bald crown , a thing he never did , even at mealtimes .

Even before the pathologist had finished at the scene and the head was wrapped , the hands mittened in their plastic bags , even before Doc Kynaston got to work with his scalpels , the corpse would be an exhibit , more important , more cumbersome and more difficult to preserve than other exhibits in the case , but still an exhibit , tagged , documented , dehumanized , invoking only interest , curiosity or disgust .
even before the pathologist had finished at the scene and the head was wrapped , the hands mittened in their plastic bags , even before doc kynaston got to work with his scalpels , the corpse would be an [show] , more important , more cumbersome and more difficult to preserve than other exhibits in the case , but still an [show] , tagged , documented , dehumanized , invoking only interest , curiosity or disgust .

And indeed , thus dignified and labelled , these diverse and ordinary objects had assumed an almost ritualistic significance ; the shoes , one with its wedge of mud behind the heel , the stained beaker , the blotter with its criss-cross of dead marks made by dead hands , the diary , the remains of Harry Mack 's last meal , the closed razor case and , occupying the centre of the table , the prize exhibit , the open cut-throat razor , its blade and bone handle gummy with blood .
and indeed , thus dignified and labelled , these diverse and ordinary objects had assumed an almost ritualistic significance ; the shoes , one with its wedge of mud behind the heel , the stained beaker , the blotter with its criss-cross of dead marks made by dead hands , the diary , the remains of harry mack 's last meal , the closed razor case and , occupying the centre of the table , the prize [show] , the open cut-throat razor , its blade and bone handle gummy with blood .

The oval dining table stood before the rear window , but it held in the middle a model of the house on a low plinth as if it were a museum exhibit , and the eight high-backed dining chairs had been set back against the walls .
the oval dining table stood before the rear window , but it held in the middle a model of the house on a low plinth as if it were a museum [show] , and the eight high-backed dining chairs had been set back against the walls .

The station building was moved from Monifieth ( by Dundee ) and may be recognised by visitors to the 1988 Glasgow Garden Festival when it formed Central Regional Council 's ‘ Heart of Scotland ’ exhibit .
the station building was moved from monifieth ( by dundee ) and may be recognised by visitors to the 1988 glasgow garden festival when it formed central regional council 's ‘ heart of scotland ’ [show] .

She was impressed , and agreed to let him exhibit some work in one of the long corridors leading from reception to the dining-room .
she was impressed , and agreed to let him [show] some work in one of the long corridors leading from reception to the dining-room .

Using data from the 1983 Labour Force Survey , they show that whereas unemployment rates for non-manual workers are low , with little variation between regions , those for manual workers are much higher and exhibit a much wider degree of regional variation ( see columns 1 and 2 of table 8.3 ) .
using data from the 1983 labour force survey , they show that whereas unemployment rates for non-manual workers are low , with little variation between regions , those for manual workers are much higher and [show] a much wider degree of regional variation ( see columns 1 and 2 of table 8.3 ) .

It is telling that a theory unable to recognise the nature of power relationships in today 's society , should exhibit a similar incapacity in its assessment of ancient history .
it is telling that a theory unable to recognise the nature of power relationships in today 's society , should [show] a similar incapacity in its assessment of ancient history .

He laid everything on it and stood back to look , like someone in an art gallery sizing up a surrealist exhibit .
he laid everything on it and stood back to look , like someone in an art gallery sizing up a surrealist [show] .

This brings to light a characteristic which most Constitutions exhibit .
this brings to light a characteristic which most constitutions [show] .

Rather these books exhibit concrete problem-solutions that the profession has come to accept as paradigms , and they then ask the student , either with a pencil and paper , or in the laboratory , to solve for himself problems very closely related both in method and substance to those which the text or accompanying lecture has led him through .
rather these books [show] concrete problem-solutions that the profession has come to accept as paradigms , and they then ask the student , either with a pencil and paper , or in the laboratory , to solve for himself problems very closely related both in method and substance to those which the text or accompanying lecture has led him through .

But first let us stand back a little and , starting at the surface of the phenomenon , let us consider the most general ‘ shapes ’ and patterns that speech communities may exhibit .
but first let us stand back a little and , starting at the surface of the phenomenon , let us consider the most general ‘ shapes ’ and patterns that speech communities may [show] .

In addition to this external divergence , however , communities like Belfast also exhibit massive internal linguistic divergence , and we must attempt to find out what are the internal social functions of this divergence .
in addition to this external divergence , however , communities like belfast also [show] massive internal linguistic divergence , and we must attempt to find out what are the internal social functions of this divergence .

On these criteria one would anticipate that Japanese workers would exhibit high levels of job satisfaction in comparative surveys .
on these criteria one would anticipate that japanese workers would [show] high levels of job satisfaction in comparative surveys .

In movements such as ‘ hi-tech ’ , objects most clearly come to exhibit a principle of utility quite detached from any consideration of actual purpose , as the style is applied ( as was streamlining in its day ) indiscriminately to steam irons or armchairs .
in movements such as ‘ hi-tech ’ , objects most clearly come to [show] a principle of utility quite detached from any consideration of actual purpose , as the style is applied ( as was streamlining in its day ) indiscriminately to steam irons or armchairs .

An analysis of some of the visionary leaders we have encountered in our research suggests that individual leaders exhibit characteristic styles in which certain of these capacities are salient , while the others , though present , remain secondary .
an analysis of some of the visionary leaders we have encountered in our research suggests that individual leaders [show] characteristic styles in which certain of these capacities are salient , while the others , though present , remain secondary .

It is , of course , perfectly possible for a sentence to exhibit semantic and grammatical deviance simultaneously :
it is , of course , perfectly possible for a sentence to [show] semantic and grammatical deviance simultaneously :

Notice , however , that although the following exhibit a syntactic parallel with the cases cited above , the semantic relationship is not maintained , so the lexical units must be assigned to different lexemes :
notice , however , that although the following [show] a syntactic parallel with the cases cited above , the semantic relationship is not maintained , so the lexical units must be assigned to different lexemes :

That class qualifies as a species because all the members will breed with other members of the class , but not with plants from outside the class ; but there would be no justification for saying that the class also represented a genus and a family , if the larger taxonomy of which it forms part did not exhibit branching at these levels .
that class qualifies as a species because all the members will breed with other members of the class , but not with plants from outside the class ; but there would be no justification for saying that the class also represented a genus and a family , if the larger taxonomy of which it forms part did not [show] branching at these levels .

He feels , in the light of the subject matter and the seriousness of their conversations , that he should exhibit some seriousness of purpose , although he solicits their opinions about restaurants to show that he is not all big issues .
he feels , in the light of the subject matter and the seriousness of their conversations , that he should [show] some seriousness of purpose , although he solicits their opinions about restaurants to show that he is not all big issues .

Dickens regards the behaviour of Mr Guppy as ‘ usual ’ in people who go over houses : ‘ They straggle about in wrong places , look at wrong things , do n't care for the right things , gape when more rooms are opened , exhibit profound depression of the spirits , and are clearly knocked up .
dickens regards the behaviour of mr guppy as ‘ usual ’ in people who go over houses : ‘ they straggle about in wrong places , look at wrong things , do n't care for the right things , gape when more rooms are opened , [show] profound depression of the spirits , and are clearly knocked up .

What research and evidence there is appears to suggest that at school level at least their educational achievements are higher than those of Afro-Caribbean boys , and that they exhibit a greater tenacity in the pursuit of educational qualifications than white girls .
what research and evidence there is appears to suggest that at school level at least their educational achievements are higher than those of afro-caribbean boys , and that they [show] a greater tenacity in the pursuit of educational qualifications than white girls .

People who do not care so long as the passing hour is comfortable and cheerful are not likely to exhibit much of a front when they call themselves a union .
people who do not care so long as the passing hour is comfortable and cheerful are not likely to [show] much of a front when they call themselves a union .

Several early experiments utilising the dichotic and tachistoscopic procedures with verbal tasks have shown that , as a group , left handers exhibit reversed or attenuated ear ( Satz , Achenbach , Pattishall and Fennell , 1965 ; Satz , Achenbach and Fennell , 1967 ; Curry , 1967 ; Knox and Boone , 1970 ) or visual field ( Bryden , 1965 ; Orbach , 1967 ; McKeever and Gill , 1972 ; McKeever , Van Deventer and Suberi , 1973 ; Hines and Satz , 1974 ) asymmetry as compared with right handers .
several early experiments utilising the dichotic and tachistoscopic procedures with verbal tasks have shown that , as a group , left handers [show] reversed or attenuated ear ( satz , achenbach , pattishall and fennell , 1965 ; satz , achenbach and fennell , 1967 ; curry , 1967 ; knox and boone , 1970 ) or visual field ( bryden , 1965 ; orbach , 1967 ; mckeever and gill , 1972 ; mckeever , van deventer and suberi , 1973 ; hines and satz , 1974 ) asymmetry as compared with right handers .

The governor gestured towards the Annamese as if he were a museum exhibit . ``
the governor gestured towards the annamese as if he were a museum [show] . ``

Some animals , for example the mice studied by Greenwood et al. ( 1984 ) , have been shown to exhibit anti-apostatic selection ; choosing the rarer food items in preference to the commoner .
some animals , for example the mice studied by greenwood et al. ( 1984 ) , have been shown to [show] anti-apostatic selection ; choosing the rarer food items in preference to the commoner .

If other fish are place in an aquarium with lionfish they will soon exhibit their collective predatory technique , herding the quarry into a corner , by brandishing flared fins .
if other fish are place in an aquarium with lionfish they will soon [show] their collective predatory technique , herding the quarry into a corner , by brandishing flared fins .

Held , dismissing both appeals , the tape recording of an interview was itself the primary exhibit , although as a matter of convenience it was usual for the prosecution , with the consent of the defence , to provide an abbreviated transcript of its contents for the use of the court and the jury .
held , dismissing both appeals , the tape recording of an interview was itself the primary [show] , although as a matter of convenience it was usual for the prosecution , with the consent of the defence , to provide an abbreviated transcript of its contents for the use of the court and the jury .

As it had been made an exhibit at trial they were entitled to inspect the tape in the jury room , subject to the discretion of the trial judge to prevent e.g .
as it had been made an [show] at trial they were entitled to inspect the tape in the jury room , subject to the discretion of the trial judge to prevent e.g .

In 1989 , Kennard was invited by the United Nations to exhibit his work at the Palais des Nations in Geneva as part of the United Nations Disarmament Week , and as a follow-up to this event , the Imperial War Museum has also mounted a show .
in 1989 , kennard was invited by the united nations to [show] his work at the palais des nations in geneva as part of the united nations disarmament week , and as a follow-up to this event , the imperial war museum has also mounted a show .

Historical study reveals that the evolution and progress of major sciences exhibit a structure that is not captured by the inductivist or falsificationist accounts .
historical study reveals that the evolution and progress of major sciences [show] a structure that is not captured by the inductivist or falsificationist accounts .

The criticisms outlined above have not been completely ignored by the planners , since , although the new structure plans still exhibit a keen adherence to key settlement policies ( National Council of Social Service 1979 ; Shaw and Williams 1981 ) , alternative settlement policies have also been considered .
the criticisms outlined above have not been completely ignored by the planners , since , although the new structure plans still [show] a keen adherence to key settlement policies ( national council of social service 1979 ; shaw and williams 1981 ) , alternative settlement policies have also been considered .

The Doctor produced a small but powerful pocket torch and swung it around , briefly illuminating each exhibit in turn .
the doctor produced a small but powerful pocket torch and swung it around , briefly illuminating each [show] in turn .

They exhibit similar variations in aims and activities .
they [show] similar variations in aims and activities .

Many women workers exhibit labour market characteristics traditionally associated with vulnerability to unemployment .
many women workers [show] labour market characteristics traditionally associated with vulnerability to unemployment .

He could exhibit such a stolidity in this regard that the Captain more than once suggested that he might drop down the order , ‘ to add ballast to the middle ’ .
he could [show] such a stolidity in this regard that the captain more than once suggested that he might drop down the order , ‘ to add ballast to the middle ’ .

Daily recording of diary cards of subjective and objective assessments of the severity of disease is commonly used to monitor chronic conditions , such as asthma , which exhibit an intrinsic variability .
daily recording of diary cards of subjective and objective assessments of the severity of disease is commonly used to monitor chronic conditions , such as asthma , which [show] an intrinsic variability .

On the top floor there is an art gallery where the young artists can exhibit and sell their work , in the cellar an experimental theatre where anything goes .
on the top floor there is an art gallery where the young artists can [show] and sell their work , in the cellar an experimental theatre where anything goes .

His black and white , ‘ meditative ’ , large format landscape shots are soon to be on exhibit in Bath and Newport , Gwent .
his black and white , ‘ meditative ’ , large format landscape shots are soon to be on [show] in bath and newport , gwent .

All three polymerases exhibit the same hierarchy .
all three polymerases [show] the same hierarchy .

Edie was not dismayed and continued to exhibit occasionally in mixed exhibitions at the Leicester Galleries and at the London Group .
edie was not dismayed and continued to [show] occasionally in mixed exhibitions at the leicester galleries and at the london group .

In this a group of friends form a syndicate to create the Hopkin myth , inventing biographical details ( ‘ a near genius living in the country with a romantic proletarian background , possibly a dipsomaniac mother and so on ’ ) for a painter who does not exist but whose paintings they churn out in a fashionable style ( ‘ with dots , crescent shapes and bright colours ’ ) and exhibit in a sensational first exhibition .
in this a group of friends form a syndicate to create the hopkin myth , inventing biographical details ( ‘ a near genius living in the country with a romantic proletarian background , possibly a dipsomaniac mother and so on ’ ) for a painter who does not exist but whose paintings they churn out in a fashionable style ( ‘ with dots , crescent shapes and bright colours ’ ) and [show] in a sensational first exhibition .

Now , it is , of course , true that many countries exhibit fearful nationalistic reactions of this kind which appear as violent hostility to minority groups .
now , it is , of course , true that many countries [show] fearful nationalistic reactions of this kind which appear as violent hostility to minority groups .

, that many British families do exhibit these features .
, that many british families do [show] these features .

In practice , we should find that any conversational fragment will exhibit patterns of talk in which both ‘ speaking topically ’ and ‘ speaking on a topic ’ are present .
in practice , we should find that any conversational fragment will [show] patterns of talk in which both ‘ speaking topically ’ and ‘ speaking on a topic ’ are present .

Any picture of such a tree , with ordered lists of children , conveys a much more thorough image than does a picture of an average graph , because the picture can exhibit the order in each list of children .
any picture of such a tree , with ordered lists of children , conveys a much more thorough image than does a picture of an average graph , because the picture can [show] the order in each list of children .

These two levels of classification exhibit two quite different sorts of clustering .
these two levels of classification [show] two quite different sorts of clustering .

The court therefore has to approach its construction on the footing that the new Act may exhibit policies and intentions which are not necessarily the same as those in the earlier Act , and which require similar words to be given different meanings from those which the courts gave them under the earlier legislation .
the court therefore has to approach its construction on the footing that the new act may [show] policies and intentions which are not necessarily the same as those in the earlier act , and which require similar words to be given different meanings from those which the courts gave them under the earlier legislation .

Hong Kong — Revenue — Profits tax — Profits from sub-licensing overseas customers to exhibit films outside Hong Kong — Whether profits ‘ arising in or derived from ’ Hong Kong — Whether assessable to profits tax — Inland Revenue Ordinance ( Laws of Hong Kong , 1989 rev. , c. 112 ) , ss. 2(1) , 14
hong kong — revenue — profits tax — profits from sub-licensing overseas customers to [show] films outside hong kong — whether profits ‘ arising in or derived from ’ hong kong — whether assessable to profits tax — inland revenue ordinance ( laws of hong kong , 1989 rev. , c. 112 ) , ss. 2(1) , 14

Forbearance in the overseas country would be equally relevant to a grant to another Hong Kong company of rights to exhibit in that country — a situation which could hardly escape the operation of section 14 .
forbearance in the overseas country would be equally relevant to a grant to another hong kong company of rights to [show] in that country — a situation which could hardly escape the operation of section 14 .

The affidavit must exhibit a copy of the demand ( r 6.11 ( 2 ) ) .
the affidavit must [show] a copy of the demand ( r 6.11 ( 2 ) ) .

( 4 ) The subsection relieves an applicant from the consequences of the failure to exhibit a notice in compliance with subss .
( 4 ) the subsection relieves an applicant from the consequences of the failure to [show] a notice in compliance with subss .

The licence-holder of premises to which the section applies must exhibit in a conspicuous place a notice stating that the section applies and the effect of its application ( subs .
the licence-holder of premises to which the section applies must [show] in a conspicuous place a notice stating that the section applies and the effect of its application ( subs .

Doyle was closing his notebook and supervising the removal of the body as if it were a precious exhibit which he was frightened someone would break .
doyle was closing his notebook and supervising the removal of the body as if it were a precious [show] which he was frightened someone would break .

`` Hoggatt 's does an occasional examination for the defence if they ask us and if the exhibit is packed and submitted in the approved way .
`` hoggatt 's does an occasional examination for the defence if they ask us and if the [show] is packed and submitted in the approved way .

And he could n't have known , poor devil , that his effort would feature as an exhibit in his trial for murder .
and he could n't have known , poor devil , that his effort would feature as an [show] in his trial for murder .

Already , when she had been making the tea , the first exhibit of the day had arrived , brought in no doubt by a detective constable working on the case .
already , when she had been making the tea , the first [show] of the day had arrived , brought in no doubt by a detective constable working on the case .

Brenda entered the exhibit number carefully in the day-book and moved the plastic-shrouded bundle to the shelf of exhibits waiting to go .
brenda entered the [show] number carefully in the day-book and moved the plastic-shrouded bundle to the shelf of exhibits waiting to go .

That would be a job for the Metropolitan Police Laboratory when the mallet , carefully packed and with two identifying exhibit tags instead of one , reached the Biology Department later in the day .
that would be a job for the metropolitan police laboratory when the mallet , carefully packed and with two identifying [show] tags instead of one , reached the biology department later in the day .

The sample chosen should exhibit the characteristics and variations in attitude , behaviour , purchasing capability ( etc ) that are relevant to the line of enquiry being undertaken by the market research ( and to its marketing objective ) .
the sample chosen should [show] the characteristics and variations in attitude , behaviour , purchasing capability ( etc ) that are relevant to the line of enquiry being undertaken by the market research ( and to its marketing objective ) .

And the sample should exhibit these characteristics and variations in much the same proportions as in the total population from which the sample has been drawn .
and the sample should [show] these characteristics and variations in much the same proportions as in the total population from which the sample has been drawn .

Secondly , those people who have the means to achieve upward mobility will exhibit purchase and consumption patterns similar to the social class to which they aspire .
secondly , those people who have the means to achieve upward mobility will [show] purchase and consumption patterns similar to the social class to which they aspire .

The Mass is an old-fashioned a cappella Mass — for the continuo is disposable — freely modelled on Gombert 's motet ‘ In illo tempore ’ ; the Vespers , although ‘ composto sopra canti fermi ’ , exhibit the most modern idioms of expressive declamation , showy coloratura , echo effects of forte and piano , and free use of instruments , but also double-choral passages a cappella ( opening of the ‘ Ave maris stella ’ ) .
the mass is an old-fashioned a cappella mass — for the continuo is disposable — freely modelled on gombert 's motet ‘ in illo tempore ’ ; the vespers , although ‘ composto sopra canti fermi ’ , [show] the most modern idioms of expressive declamation , showy coloratura , echo effects of forte and piano , and free use of instruments , but also double-choral passages a cappella ( opening of the ‘ ave maris stella ’ ) .

In addition referral procedures and working methods exhibit considerable variation .
in addition referral procedures and working methods [show] considerable variation .

Similarly , teachers will expect girls to exhibit the demure , ladylike attributes of the female role , and to be interested in boys and fashion , but they castigate overt expressions of femininity or sexual allure , and are quick to label girls ‘ sluts ’ and ‘ bitches ’ .
similarly , teachers will expect girls to [show] the demure , ladylike attributes of the female role , and to be interested in boys and fashion , but they castigate overt expressions of femininity or sexual allure , and are quick to label girls ‘ sluts ’ and ‘ bitches ’ .

And farmers exhibit livestock .
and farmers [show] livestock .

Each exhibit had a neatly typed label .
each [show] had a neatly typed label .

Duchamp-Villon and La Fresnaye were also members of the hanging committee , so that the Cubist painters were able to exhibit for the second time that year as a group .
duchamp-villon and la fresnaye were also members of the hanging committee , so that the cubist painters were able to [show] for the second time that year as a group .

Both Delaunay and Le Fauconnier , who did not exhibit at the Galerie de la Boétie either , were at this point on less friendly terms with the other members of the movement , and for this reason their works were not illustrated in Du Cubisme .
both delaunay and le fauconnier , who did not [show] at the galerie de la boétie either , were at this point on less friendly terms with the other members of the movement , and for this reason their works were not illustrated in du cubisme .

Since he did not exhibit at the big Salons his name may not have been as well known to the general public as those of Matisse and Derain , who in the previous years had emerged as the most important and controversial figures in the Fauve movement , but there were a large number of people who believed in his genius .
since he did not [show] at the big salons his name may not have been as well known to the general public as those of matisse and derain , who in the previous years had emerged as the most important and controversial figures in the fauve movement , but there were a large number of people who believed in his genius .

‘ But you said … you told me that you would never exhibit the picture .
‘ but you said … you told me that you would never [show] the picture .

Finally , Meisel argues , the elite , in Mosca 's sense of the term , must exhibit the last of the three Cs — conspiracy .
finally , meisel argues , the elite , in mosca 's sense of the term , must [show] the last of the three cs — conspiracy .

He and his heroic companions displayed , in one day , more courage than most were called upon to exhibit in the whole of their lives .
he and his heroic companions displayed , in one day , more courage than most were called upon to [show] in the whole of their lives .

Ever a man for taking the particular to exhibit the general , this allowed him a global crack at the Scots : he claimed that they were not interested in doing anything unless it had natural awkwardness in it : ‘ What can not be done without some uncommon trouble or particular expedient , will not often be done at all .
ever a man for taking the particular to [show] the general , this allowed him a global crack at the scots : he claimed that they were not interested in doing anything unless it had natural awkwardness in it : ‘ what can not be done without some uncommon trouble or particular expedient , will not often be done at all .

Thus despite the fact that they exhibit an increasing frustration with the novelistic discourse of the period , her first four novels did not succeed in significantly altering fictional convention .
thus despite the fact that they [show] an increasing frustration with the novelistic discourse of the period , her first four novels did not succeed in significantly altering fictional convention .

The three novels exhibit a growing confidence in a central female persona 's attitude toward her use of language .
the three novels [show] a growing confidence in a central female persona 's attitude toward her use of language .

According to both these definitions Between , Thru , and Amalgamemnon exhibit parodic elements .
according to both these definitions between , thru , and amalgamemnon [show] parodic elements .

But all three novels also exhibit significant variations on parody as it has been practised in the past .
but all three novels also [show] significant variations on parody as it has been practised in the past .

Though Between and Thru exhibit striking parallels with the emergent thinking in the late 1960s and early 1970s about the relation of women to language , it was not until nearly fifteen years later that she began to make use of gender-specific arguments in her critical writings .
though between and thru [show] striking parallels with the emergent thinking in the late 1960s and early 1970s about the relation of women to language , it was not until nearly fifteen years later that she began to make use of gender-specific arguments in her critical writings .

She comments also on the ambiguous fascination these theorists exhibit with regard to their own practice : ‘ it is all a beautiful , theoretical game , that they themselves do n't perhaps really believe in , but indulge in it as one indulges in a passion , overwhelming at the time then looked at with mild amusement , a passion for beautiful systems ’ ( 614 ) .
she comments also on the ambiguous fascination these theorists [show] with regard to their own practice : ‘ it is all a beautiful , theoretical game , that they themselves do n't perhaps really believe in , but indulge in it as one indulges in a passion , overwhelming at the time then looked at with mild amusement , a passion for beautiful systems ’ ( 614 ) .

Together , these two initiatives exhibit most of the features which were to characterise Conservative policies towards the inner cities for the rest of the decade :
together , these two initiatives [show] most of the features which were to characterise conservative policies towards the inner cities for the rest of the decade :

Inner city initiatives exhibit a similar bias against local government .
inner city initiatives [show] a similar bias against local government .

The ‘ pusher ’ tug , Walsall , is a major exhibit in the museum 's boat gallery on Level 1 .
the ‘ pusher ’ tug , walsall , is a major [show] in the museum 's boat gallery on level 1 .

In the upper gallery local community groups are invited to exhibit on local issues — current exhibition is ‘ Blocked up in Wantage ’ — the story of the town 's sewers .
in the upper gallery local community groups are invited to [show] on local issues — current exhibition is ‘ blocked up in wantage ’ — the story of the town 's sewers .

An example , albeit simplified , of a typical integrated capital budgeting system is shown in Exhibit 1 . This contains four key elements :
an example , albeit simplified , of a typical integrated capital budgeting system is shown in [show] 1 . this contains four key elements :

Exhibit 1
[show] 1

Donna climbed into the exhibit and began inspecting them .
donna climbed into the [show] and began inspecting them .

The next exhibit showed Napoleon–s final trip to St Helena .
the next [show] showed napoleon–s final trip to st helena .

Donna saw the exhibit her sister had been looking at and crossed to it .
donna saw the [show] her sister had been looking at and crossed to it .

They paused a moment longer , then moved further down the gallery , inspecting each exhibit , checking any books which could be the hidden Grimoire .
they paused a moment longer , then moved further down the gallery , inspecting each [show] , checking any books which could be the hidden grimoire .

Some patients who exhibit distress in ways interpreted by the nursing or medical staff as some kind of illness , mental or physical , are given drugs officially .
some patients who [show] distress in ways interpreted by the nursing or medical staff as some kind of illness , mental or physical , are given drugs officially .

Following Kuhn , we can not but be aware of the internal resistance to change that disciplines exhibit , even in the supposedly open-ended inquiry of science .
following kuhn , we can not but be aware of the internal resistance to change that disciplines [show] , even in the supposedly open-ended inquiry of science .

But one of the striking lessons of much of social theory over the last 30 years ( picked out in Chapter 4 ) is that science — the apparently supreme epitome of rationality turns out to exhibit various kinds of non-rationality .
but one of the striking lessons of much of social theory over the last 30 years ( picked out in chapter 4 ) is that science — the apparently supreme epitome of rationality turns out to [show] various kinds of non-rationality .

These are learned from others in the group who already exhibit these characteristics .
these are learned from others in the group who already [show] these characteristics .

Hamish turned to another exhibit ; a broad bowl , also dull and dark , and over half a metre across , it was like a gigantic plate with no lip .
hamish turned to another [show] ; a broad bowl , also dull and dark , and over half a metre across , it was like a gigantic plate with no lip .

She continued to exhibit at the New English Art Club ( 1908–11 ) .
she continued to [show] at the new english art club ( 1908–11 ) .

She painted less and , without Quinn 's encouragement , she was less eager to exhibit .
she painted less and , without quinn 's encouragement , she was less eager to [show] .

Employed by the International Standard Electric Corporation in 1924–9 , Blumlein started to exhibit his extraordinary inventive flair .
employed by the international standard electric corporation in 1924–9 , blumlein started to [show] his extraordinary inventive flair .

He began to exhibit subjects from history and literature , and in 1841 two small fairy paintings , ‘ Titania Sleeping ’ and ‘ Puck ’ , attracted attention with their strong vein of poetic fantasy .
he began to [show] subjects from history and literature , and in 1841 two small fairy paintings , ‘ titania sleeping ’ and ‘ puck ’ , attracted attention with their strong vein of poetic fantasy .

Beneath their discursiveness , these books exhibit a coherent social theory : the way to social progress lay in the rational wills of individuals , and true philanthropy consisted in supporting and strengthening that rational will rather than in the mechanical relief of poverty .
beneath their discursiveness , these books [show] a coherent social theory : the way to social progress lay in the rational wills of individuals , and true philanthropy consisted in supporting and strengthening that rational will rather than in the mechanical relief of poverty .

He decided that the only way to avoid spending the rest of his life in the workhouse was to exhibit himself as a freak , and so he offered himself to Sam Torr , who ran a music-hall , the Gaiety Palace of Varieties .
he decided that the only way to avoid spending the rest of his life in the workhouse was to [show] himself as a freak , and so he offered himself to sam torr , who ran a music-hall , the gaiety palace of varieties .

Deep dyslexics exhibit several other reading symptoms too .
deep dyslexics [show] several other reading symptoms too .

Further , there is a general westward drift of material along this section of the coast , so that the shingle formations exhibit a wide variety of features due both to straightforward wave action and to longshore drift .
further , there is a general westward drift of material along this section of the coast , so that the shingle formations [show] a wide variety of features due both to straightforward wave action and to longshore drift .

Nevertheless , the low sea level would have killed existing corals , which do not survive above low tide level as a rule , so that there ought to be discontinuities in the reefs , and , if those who believe in progressively lower interglacial sea levels are correct , the reefs should exhibit a terraced or stepped form .
nevertheless , the low sea level would have killed existing corals , which do not survive above low tide level as a rule , so that there ought to be discontinuities in the reefs , and , if those who believe in progressively lower interglacial sea levels are correct , the reefs should [show] a terraced or stepped form .

To what extent does an organisation exhibit a common , homogeneous culture ?
to what extent does an organisation [show] a common , homogeneous culture ?

We can imagine that a small advertising agency may well share a common culture , but a large government department , such as the Home Office , with multiple functions and goals is unlikely to exhibit the same homogeneity .
we can imagine that a small advertising agency may well share a common culture , but a large government department , such as the home office , with multiple functions and goals is unlikely to [show] the same homogeneity .

Downs argues that bureaucrats do exhibit personality traits but these may differ .
downs argues that bureaucrats do [show] personality traits but these may differ .

The core samples , which consist of dust plus small rocks , exhibit layering .
the core samples , which consist of dust plus small rocks , [show] layering .

Mansell and Beasley look at new forms of residential care for people with learning disabilities and who exhibit particularly problematic forms of behaviour .
mansell and beasley look at new forms of residential care for people with learning disabilities and who [show] particularly problematic forms of behaviour .

The 1865 Salon did exhibit Manet 's Olympia but quickly moved it to a place that made viewing almost impossible for the public .
the 1865 salon did [show] manet 's olympia but quickly moved it to a place that made viewing almost impossible for the public .

The commission decided to exhibit a mixture of mainstream and avant-garde German artists .
the commission decided to [show] a mixture of mainstream and avant-garde german artists .

It was the ideal court exhibit , complete with bloodstain and a fragment of adherent skin .
it was the ideal court [show] , complete with bloodstain and a fragment of adherent skin .

The evening also gave Keith Jones , Manager , Personal Banking at Sheffield Church Street Branch , the opportunity to exhibit his Russian skills whilst conversing with the non-English speaking party member and also when rounding off the evening with a traditional toast in Russian .
the evening also gave keith jones , manager , personal banking at sheffield church street branch , the opportunity to [show] his russian skills whilst conversing with the non-english speaking party member and also when rounding off the evening with a traditional toast in russian .

An important feature of the general trend is the number of mosaics which exhibit designs of interlaced squares ( section 3.1 ) .
an important feature of the general trend is the number of mosaics which [show] designs of interlaced squares ( section 3.1 ) .

First , we discuss the laser with injected signal , which has been predicted { 27 } to exhibit a number of instabilities and chaos .
first , we discuss the laser with injected signal , which has been predicted { 27 } to [show] a number of instabilities and chaos .

Pronominal systems , which are the most obvious manifestations of person , generally exhibit this three-way distinction ( Ingram , 1978 ) .
pronominal systems , which are the most obvious manifestations of person , generally [show] this three-way distinction ( ingram , 1978 ) .

But some pronominal systems exhibit as many as fifteen basic pronouns ( ignoring honorific alternates ) by superimposing distinctions based on plurality ( dual , trial and plural ) , gender and so on .
but some pronominal systems [show] as many as fifteen basic pronouns ( ignoring honorific alternates ) by superimposing distinctions based on plurality ( dual , trial and plural ) , gender and so on .

In those languages that unequivocably exhibit it , tense is one of the main factors ensuring that nearly all sentences when uttered are deictically anchored to a context of utterance .
in those languages that unequivocably [show] it , tense is one of the main factors ensuring that nearly all sentences when uttered are deictically anchored to a context of utterance .

It is this success story that prompted the College , in conjunction with the Royal Museum of Scotland , to exhibit 17 jewels dating from 1982 — 1992 .
it is this success story that prompted the college , in conjunction with the royal museum of scotland , to [show] 17 jewels dating from 1982 — 1992 .

The affidavit will exhibit the draft scheme document .
the affidavit will [show] the draft scheme document .

( 2 ) The affidavit in support of the originating summons will be sworn and filed in the Companies Court ( registrar 's office ) with the draft scheme document as an exhibit .
( 2 ) the affidavit in support of the originating summons will be sworn and filed in the companies court ( registrar 's office ) with the draft scheme document as an [show] .

They do not exhibit the semantic indeterminacy characteristic of poetic metaphors .
they do not [show] the semantic indeterminacy characteristic of poetic metaphors .

It is important for school librarians to scan computer journals , obtain information from publishers and other sources , arrange exhibit of software in the school or provide loan copies of software from school library service .
it is important for school librarians to scan computer journals , obtain information from publishers and other sources , arrange [show] of software in the school or provide loan copies of software from school library service .

By the time the next issue of FlyPast hits the magazine shelves the Vulcan will be making its last appearances as a flying exhibit .
by the time the next issue of flypast hits the magazine shelves the vulcan will be making its last appearances as a flying [show] .

In recent years it has been realized that many non-fluid systems can exhibit behaviour which shares important characteristics with turbulent motion .
in recent years it has been realized that many non-fluid systems can [show] behaviour which shares important characteristics with turbulent motion .

Because some of the systems that exhibit chaotic behaviour are so simple , it seems strange that the realization that they can behave in this way is only recent .
because some of the systems that [show] chaotic behaviour are so simple , it seems strange that the realization that they can behave in this way is only recent .

In this range , solutions for some initial conditions tend to one of the steady state solutions whereas those for others exhibit indefinitely the sort of behaviour that is found for all initial conditions when .
in this range , solutions for some initial conditions tend to one of the steady state solutions whereas those for others [show] indefinitely the sort of behaviour that is found for all initial conditions when .

It is evident from the mathematical and physical examples described in the foregoing sections that systems exhibiting chaotic behaviour also exhibit ordered behaviour for different values of the governing parameters .
it is evident from the mathematical and physical examples described in the foregoing sections that systems exhibiting chaotic behaviour also [show] ordered behaviour for different values of the governing parameters .

Universality refers to the fact that totally different systems can exhibit the same route to chaos — the same not just in that they show the same broad features , but very closely the same including quantitative details .
universality refers to the fact that totally different systems can [show] the same route to chaos — the same not just in that they show the same broad features , but very closely the same including quantitative details .

On the other hand , there are various quite distinct routes , and a single mathematical or physical system may exhibit more than one of them ; a change in some parameter can lead to a qualitative change in the route adopted as a second parameter is varied .
on the other hand , there are various quite distinct routes , and a single mathematical or physical system may [show] more than one of them ; a change in some parameter can lead to a qualitative change in the route adopted as a second parameter is varied .

However , there are also quite different ways in which flows exhibit chaotic behaviour — with the connection to the general theory of chaos being perhaps more definitely established .
however , there are also quite different ways in which flows [show] chaotic behaviour — with the connection to the general theory of chaos being perhaps more definitely established .

Since far simpler deterministic systems exhibit chaotic behaviour and since we understand how this comes about , the view that the occurrence of turbulence implies a failure of deterministic equations is no longer tenable .
since far simpler deterministic systems [show] chaotic behaviour and since we understand how this comes about , the view that the occurrence of turbulence implies a failure of deterministic equations is no longer tenable .

The 20th Century Gallery constitutes a validation not only of the designed object as museum exhibit but also of design history .
the 20th century gallery constitutes a validation not only of the designed object as museum [show] but also of design history .

My question however concerns not accuracy in labelling but rather the means whereby an exhibit of objects might draw on theories of ‘ otherness ’ in order to explore the role of design in the production of identity .
my question however concerns not accuracy in labelling but rather the means whereby an [show] of objects might draw on theories of ‘ otherness ’ in order to explore the role of design in the production of identity .

The seeds of herbs may be dispersed by large mammals , which eat and pass plant material in bulk : many such seeds have up until recently been considered to exhibit merely ‘ gravity ’ dispersal , when looked at in isolation from the rest of the plant .
the seeds of herbs may be dispersed by large mammals , which eat and pass plant material in bulk : many such seeds have up until recently been considered to [show] merely ‘ gravity ’ dispersal , when looked at in isolation from the rest of the plant .

The trees were found to exhibit three types of phenology : ( i ) low fruit production over a long time ( usually pioneers ) ; ( ii ) synchronous but irregular fruiting ( associated with predator satiation of rodents , the seeds being larger than those in ( i ) ; and ( iii ) synchronous regular cycles with successive and partly overlapping fruit production ( providing a year-round supply for the frugivores ) .
the trees were found to [show] three types of phenology : ( i ) low fruit production over a long time ( usually pioneers ) ; ( ii ) synchronous but irregular fruiting ( associated with predator satiation of rodents , the seeds being larger than those in ( i ) ; and ( iii ) synchronous regular cycles with successive and partly overlapping fruit production ( providing a year-round supply for the frugivores ) .

Not only trees but almost all groups of animals and plants exhibit their greatest variety in the tropics in terms of the number of species recorded there .
not only trees but almost all groups of animals and plants [show] their greatest variety in the tropics in terms of the number of species recorded there .

The continents , particularly where elevations are high , exhibit lower than predicted ( negative ) gravity values because of the greater thickness of underlying crust of relatively low density .
the continents , particularly where elevations are high , [show] lower than predicted ( negative ) gravity values because of the greater thickness of underlying crust of relatively low density .

These margins exhibit a much lower level of tectonic activity than the active margins located along convergent plate boundaries and are consequently termed passive continental margins ( or simply passive margins ) .
these margins [show] a much lower level of tectonic activity than the active margins located along convergent plate boundaries and are consequently termed passive continental margins ( or simply passive margins ) .

True intra-plate rifts , such as the East African Rift System , are characterized by prolonged volcanism and typically exhibit 1–2 km of down-faulting along the crest of substantial crustal upwarps .
true intra-plate rifts , such as the east african rift system , are characterized by prolonged volcanism and typically [show] 1–2 km of down-faulting along the crest of substantial crustal upwarps .

Volcanic lines and clusters also exhibit patterning at the regional and local scale with both radial and rectilinear arrangements being found .
volcanic lines and clusters also [show] patterning at the regional and local scale with both radial and rectilinear arrangements being found .

The rheidity of ice is a few weeks , that of salt about a year , but igneous rocks will only exhibit rheid flow after a stress has been applied for hundreds of years , in the case of deeply buried rocks subject to elevated temperatures , or tens of thousands of years for rocks at the surface .
the rheidity of ice is a few weeks , that of salt about a year , but igneous rocks will only [show] rheid flow after a stress has been applied for hundreds of years , in the case of deeply buried rocks subject to elevated temperatures , or tens of thousands of years for rocks at the surface .

There are few documents which do not exhibit some of these features ; and none of these features is particularly restricted to any one kind of document .
there are few documents which do not [show] some of these features ; and none of these features is particularly restricted to any one kind of document .

Applying these results to the unemployment rate implies that should be randomly distributed around a mean of zero and that should not exhibit any systematic relationship with .
applying these results to the unemployment rate implies that should be randomly distributed around a mean of zero and that should not [show] any systematic relationship with .

In the absence of agreement to the contrary the tenant will be entitled to exhibit advertisements , signs and nameplates in any part of the property included in the demise .
in the absence of agreement to the contrary the tenant will be entitled to [show] advertisements , signs and nameplates in any part of the property included in the demise .

Such a reaction is both natural and understandable : the Constitution does exhibit those very characteristics .
such a reaction is both natural and understandable : the constitution does [show] those very characteristics .

Hence , there always exists a variety of possible systems which can exhibit any given behaviour and there is an uncertainty about the relative merits ( such as : cost , weight , social values ) of alternative possibilities .
hence , there always exists a variety of possible systems which can [show] any given behaviour and there is an uncertainty about the relative merits ( such as : cost , weight , social values ) of alternative possibilities .

This in itself provides some considerable insight into what students of literature regard as `` literary `` , at least in terms of the kinds of structures which they expect literary texts to exhibit .
this in itself provides some considerable insight into what students of literature regard as `` literary `` , at least in terms of the kinds of structures which they expect literary texts to [show] .

Combining the public relations exercise of showing herself to her people with the need to exhibit her legal powers , she set off on court circuits or justice eyres which inevitably had to include the crime-ridden Borders .
combining the public relations exercise of showing herself to her people with the need to [show] her legal powers , she set off on court circuits or justice eyres which inevitably had to include the crime-ridden borders .

Some exhibit elsewhere , work to other commissions or produce high-quality joinery .
some [show] elsewhere , work to other commissions or produce high-quality joinery .

Invite the person closest to you to give you some honest feedback on the degree of diplomacy you exhibit .
invite the person closest to you to give you some honest feedback on the degree of diplomacy you [show] .

Both a shy person and an extrovert person can show positive attitudes and exhibit highly developed business skills .
both a shy person and an extrovert person can show positive attitudes and [show] highly developed business skills .

We are back again to the idea that quantum systems exhibit an unexpected degree of togetherness .
we are back again to the idea that quantum systems [show] an unexpected degree of togetherness .

‘ Major religions also exhibit dominating tendencies , and these tendencies are a result of the exclusivity of such religions .
‘ major religions also [show] dominating tendencies , and these tendencies are a result of the exclusivity of such religions .

Like its predecessors in Mexico ( 1985 ) , Rio de Janeiro ( 1987 ) and Caracas ( 1989 ) the Festival will provide participants with the opportunity to exhibit and view the most recent cinema and video productions made by and about the indigenous peoples of the Americas .
like its predecessors in mexico ( 1985 ) , rio de janeiro ( 1987 ) and caracas ( 1989 ) the festival will provide participants with the opportunity to [show] and view the most recent cinema and video productions made by and about the indigenous peoples of the americas .

Next year Mitsukoshi Etoile are planning to exhibit works by French artists .
next year mitsukoshi etoile are planning to [show] works by french artists .

Unlike Van der Ven , London dealer Angela Gräfin von Wallwitz , who specializes in Continental Ceramics and Works of Art , has elected to exhibit only at the Grosvenor House Fair this year .
unlike van der ven , london dealer angela gräfin von wallwitz , who specializes in continental ceramics and works of art , has elected to [show] only at the grosvenor house fair this year .

The lesson our Party draws is important that all of us , individuals and corporations alike , have a responsibility to reflect the values we expect our fellow citizens to exhibit .
the lesson our party draws is important that all of us , individuals and corporations alike , have a responsibility to reflect the values we expect our fellow citizens to [show] .

Set on the banks of the Danube in the former historic Donau Kaserne , or barracks , the museum opened with a collection of 120 works , planning to exhibit the sculpture outdoors on the river .
set on the banks of the danube in the former historic donau kaserne , or barracks , the museum opened with a collection of 120 works , planning to [show] the sculpture outdoors on the river .

Both criminal law and contract exhibit a tendency to convert such presumptions into irrebuttable rules of law .
both criminal law and contract [show] a tendency to convert such presumptions into irrebuttable rules of law .

However , it is notoriously difficult to capture and exhibit any legal theorist who unequivocally espouses formalism , that is who insists that the application of the general principles and rules of law to particular cases is a matter of deductive reasoning and nothing else .
however , it is notoriously difficult to capture and [show] any legal theorist who unequivocally espouses formalism , that is who insists that the application of the general principles and rules of law to particular cases is a matter of deductive reasoning and nothing else .

Indeed , if it could be shown that any content is possible consistent with the general requirements of justice , then ‘ justice ’ or ‘ natural law ’ would be stripped of their critical function whereby that which does not exhibit conformity of content with ‘ justice ’ or with ‘ natural law ’ is disqualified as law or , at least , is in some way a law less compelling upon conscience .
indeed , if it could be shown that any content is possible consistent with the general requirements of justice , then ‘ justice ’ or ‘ natural law ’ would be stripped of their critical function whereby that which does not [show] conformity of content with ‘ justice ’ or with ‘ natural law ’ is disqualified as law or , at least , is in some way a law less compelling upon conscience .

Another welcome exhibit was the small bronze of a horse and rider from Budapest , here given to Leonardo , whose attribution has been much discussed , which certainly deserves to be better known .
another welcome [show] was the small bronze of a horse and rider from budapest , here given to leonardo , whose attribution has been much discussed , which certainly deserves to be better known .

Then gallery manager , Catriona Colledge , formerly Fabian Carlsson 's assistant , will exhibit large volumetric wood or bronze sculptures by Jeff Lowe , who showed with Nicola Jacobs in 1988 ( 14 October-20 November ) .
then gallery manager , catriona colledge , formerly fabian carlsson 's assistant , will [show] large volumetric wood or bronze sculptures by jeff lowe , who showed with nicola jacobs in 1988 ( 14 october-20 november ) .

Some people may exhibit a general anxiety .
some people may [show] a general anxiety .

Now such well-known artists as Angela Hampel , Hans Scheuerecker , Frank Seidel and Hartwig Ebersbach exhibit at his gallery .
now such well-known artists as angela hampel , hans scheuerecker , frank seidel and hartwig ebersbach [show] at his gallery .

The lower frequency words exhibit statistically unstable behaviour , because the sample of contexts in which they participate is too small to be an adequate representation .
the lower frequency words [show] statistically unstable behaviour , because the sample of contexts in which they participate is too small to be an adequate representation .

The carriage was evidently a popular exhibit and , in the early years at least , was accessible to visitors , who were able to clamber in and out ( and even surreptitiously to cut pieces from the upholstery ) .
the carriage was evidently a popular [show] and , in the early years at least , was accessible to visitors , who were able to clamber in and out ( and even surreptitiously to cut pieces from the upholstery ) .

Often their partner is used to exhibit possessions .
often their partner is used to [show] possessions .

Normotensive diabetic subjects with microalbuminuria may exhibit a reduced glomerular filtration rate and hypertension secondary to glomerular disease very rapidly in the absence of intervention .
normotensive diabetic subjects with microalbuminuria may [show] a reduced glomerular filtration rate and hypertension secondary to glomerular disease very rapidly in the absence of intervention .

Nevertheless , early treated subjects as a group exhibit various detectable abnormalities ( box 1 ) .
nevertheless , early treated subjects as a group [show] various detectable abnormalities ( box 1 ) .

Reviewed in the light of these population shifts , the findings in subjects with phenylketonuria suggest that a high proportion of early treated subjects — not just a poorly managed minority — exhibit some degree of intellectual impairment and that the major impact is in early childhood before there is any question of relaxing or stopping treatment .
reviewed in the light of these population shifts , the findings in subjects with phenylketonuria suggest that a high proportion of early treated subjects — not just a poorly managed minority — [show] some degree of intellectual impairment and that the major impact is in early childhood before there is any question of relaxing or stopping treatment .

Not all parallelistic couplets , of course , exhibit the parallelism of greater precision .
not all parallelistic couplets , of course , [show] the parallelism of greater precision .

Will they be synonymously parallel , will they exhibit the parallelism of greater precision , or staircase parallelism or synonymous-sequential parallelism , or some other parallelistic relation — or no parallelism at all ?
will they be synonymously parallel , will they [show] the parallelism of greater precision , or staircase parallelism or synonymous-sequential parallelism , or some other parallelistic relation — or no parallelism at all ?

The couple exhibit great joy of life .
the couple [show] great joy of life .

( 1 ) Clothing hairs — These invest the general surface of the body or its appendages and frequently exhibit various degrees of specialization .
( 1 ) clothing hairs — these invest the general surface of the body or its appendages and frequently [show] various degrees of specialization .

In the soldiers of the Isoptera they assume grotesque and inexplicable forms and in certain Coleoptera such as Lucanus and Chiasognathus they exhibit sexual dimorphism , attaining relatively enormous proportions in the male .
in the soldiers of the isoptera they assume grotesque and inexplicable forms and in certain coleoptera such as lucanus and chiasognathus they [show] sexual dimorphism , attaining relatively enormous proportions in the male .

They exhibit , however , a wide range of adaptive modifications in different families ( Fig .
they [show] , however , a wide range of adaptive modifications in different families ( fig .

Such abstract typologies help us to understand the behaviour of councillors as a group but they do not necessarily apply to individual councillors who may exhibit characteristics drawn from several of the main types .
such abstract typologies help us to understand the behaviour of councillors as a group but they do not necessarily apply to individual councillors who may [show] characteristics drawn from several of the main types .

Less deliberately structured groupings can exhibit similar patterns of socialisation , too .
less deliberately structured groupings can [show] similar patterns of socialisation , too .

We have seen that in capitalist societies , different classes exhibit differences in social characteristics , such as values and patterns of behaviour .
we have seen that in capitalist societies , different classes [show] differences in social characteristics , such as values and patterns of behaviour .

We got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the exhibits were a striking exhibit of African violets from Tony Clement 's African Violet Centre , at King 's Lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from Blackmore & Langdon who always win a ‘ Gold ’ at Chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from Thailand ; planted containers shown by Mastergardener of Banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by Jacques Amand of Stanmore ; and a Herb Nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by Caroline Holmes Herbs of Denham , in Suffolk .
we got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the exhibits were a striking [show] of african violets from tony clement 's african violet centre , at king 's lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from blackmore & langdon who always win a ‘ gold ’ at chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from thailand ; planted containers shown by mastergardener of banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by jacques amand of stanmore ; and a herb nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by caroline holmes herbs of denham , in suffolk .

The farmhouse , which was built in 1760 , is furnished to exhibit all the traditional antiques of the 1900 — 1910 era .
the farmhouse , which was built in 1760 , is furnished to [show] all the traditional antiques of the 1900 — 1910 era .

Often local craftsmen and women exhibit their talents , such as spinning , corn-dolly making and weaving .
often local craftsmen and women [show] their talents , such as spinning , corn-dolly making and weaving .

Although the market-place might exhibit the characteristics of one which has undergone a process of deregulation , there is , as it were , a counter trend towards new regulatory measures aimed at protecting investors and securing the safety and soundness of financial institutions .
although the market-place might [show] the characteristics of one which has undergone a process of deregulation , there is , as it were , a counter trend towards new regulatory measures aimed at protecting investors and securing the safety and soundness of financial institutions .

Freud fails to mention explicitly the way in which nationalism may exhibit these characteristics too , even though he was writing just after the end of the First World War .
freud fails to mention explicitly the way in which nationalism may [show] these characteristics too , even though he was writing just after the end of the first world war .

According to Ronald Fletcher , this is inadequate in the light of modern ethology , for some species , such as geese , exhibit ‘ escape reactions ’ when they see birds of prey .
according to ronald fletcher , this is inadequate in the light of modern ethology , for some species , such as geese , [show] ‘ escape reactions ’ when they see birds of prey .

Have a knife handy to cut away any really old slings which are badly bleached or frayed , or else exhibit scorch marks from the friction of the ropes of previous parties .
have a knife handy to cut away any really old slings which are badly bleached or frayed , or else [show] scorch marks from the friction of the ropes of previous parties .

Work on display includes life-sized Elizabethan figures , a mural and an exhibit featuring the projection of slides on to specially made screens .
work on display includes life-sized elizabethan figures , a mural and an [show] featuring the projection of slides on to specially made screens .

Tendring District Council 's economic development unit will be manning a stand at the Colchester Enterprise Show in July and are keen for small businesses , which would not normally exhibit on their own , to join them .
tendring district council 's economic development unit will be manning a stand at the colchester enterprise show in july and are keen for small businesses , which would not normally [show] on their own , to join them .

Firms to exhibit in Belgium
firms to [show] in belgium

There will be the customary banquet and Ladies ' programme and companies wishing to exhibit or to provide sponsorship may still do so .
there will be the customary banquet and ladies ' programme and companies wishing to [show] or to provide sponsorship may still do so .

Nineteen continued to exhibit low grade dysplasia in at least one subsequent biopsy ( mean 6.3 follow up colonoscopies per patient over 6.9 years ) .
nineteen continued to [show] low grade dysplasia in at least one subsequent biopsy ( mean 6.3 follow up colonoscopies per patient over 6.9 years ) .

Most patients clinically suspected of dumping or diarrhoea after having a vagotomy or gastrectomy did indeed exhibit abnormally rapid gastric emptying .
most patients clinically suspected of dumping or diarrhoea after having a vagotomy or gastrectomy did indeed [show] abnormally rapid gastric emptying .

Unfortunately , most patients exhibit abnormally rapid gastric emptying of liquids after truncal vagotomy or partial gastrectomy irrespective of whether or not they have symptoms , and there is considerable overlap of results between symptomatic and asymptomatic groups .
unfortunately , most patients [show] abnormally rapid gastric emptying of liquids after truncal vagotomy or partial gastrectomy irrespective of whether or not they have symptoms , and there is considerable overlap of results between symptomatic and asymptomatic groups .

The burden of Nordhaus 's model is to suggest that a democratic economy will exhibit an inflationary bias with the gains from exploiting a ‘ fooled ’ electorate being a higher rate of inflation at point 3 than at point 5 .
the burden of nordhaus 's model is to suggest that a democratic economy will [show] an inflationary bias with the gains from exploiting a ‘ fooled ’ electorate being a higher rate of inflation at point 3 than at point 5 .

For example , sodium nitrate , NaNO3 , and the calcite form of calcium carbonate , CaCO3 , exhibit isomorphism .
for example , sodium nitrate , nano3 , and the calcite form of calcium carbonate , caco3 , [show] isomorphism .

An element which can exist in two or more solid forms ( crystalline or amorphous ) is said to exhibit allotropy .
an element which can exist in two or more solid forms ( crystalline or amorphous ) is said to [show] allotropy .

Solids exhibit a wide variation in rigidity .
solids [show] a wide variation in rigidity .

In section 3.2 we saw that compounds which exist in more than one crystalline form are said to exhibit polymorphism .
in section 3.2 we saw that compounds which exist in more than one crystalline form are said to [show] polymorphism .

Elements which exist in more than one crystalline form are said to exhibit allotropy .
elements which exist in more than one crystalline form are said to [show] allotropy .

When an element can exist in two or more allotropic forms each of which is stable over a range of conditions , it is said to exhibit enantiotropy .
when an element can exist in two or more allotropic forms each of which is stable over a range of conditions , it is said to [show] enantiotropy .

Sulphur is not the only element to exhibit enantiotropy .
sulphur is not the only element to [show] enantiotropy .

When an element exists in more than one crystalline form only one of which is stable it is said to exhibit monotropy .
when an element exists in more than one crystalline form only one of which is stable it is said to [show] monotropy .

Those which exhibit positive deviation from Raoult 's law have minimum boiling points .
those which [show] positive deviation from raoult 's law have minimum boiling points .

Those which exhibit negative deviations have maximum boiling points ( see figures 6.20 and 6.21 ) .
those which [show] negative deviations have maximum boiling points ( see figures 6.20 and 6.21 ) .

Few carpet companies exhibit , making it an even more exclusive event for Stoddard Mercia amongst Britain 's leading interior designers .
few carpet companies [show] , making it an even more exclusive event for stoddard mercia amongst britain 's leading interior designers .

Will exhibit works in various media including etching , monoprinting , watercolour and oil .
will [show] works in various media including etching , monoprinting , watercolour and oil .

An interesting additional finding which is stressed is that it appears that such people are more rather than less likely to exhibit qualities of psychological balance and social responsibility .
an interesting additional finding which is stressed is that it appears that such people are more rather than less likely to [show] qualities of psychological balance and social responsibility .

Furthermore , supporters of conservation groups may exhibit a general lack of confidence in science and technology and a suspicion of scientific ‘ expertise ’ .
furthermore , supporters of conservation groups may [show] a general lack of confidence in science and technology and a suspicion of scientific ‘ expertise ’ .

It is suggested that the first unifying theme for 1992 should be ‘ The work of the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh ’ , and that work should start on preparing a modular exhibit , parts of which can be convertible to form smaller mobile exhibition stands for erection at other venues .
it is suggested that the first unifying theme for 1992 should be ‘ the work of the royal botanic garden edinburgh ’ , and that work should start on preparing a modular [show] , parts of which can be convertible to form smaller mobile exhibition stands for erection at other venues .

He looked into the cradle the painters were using to paint the outside of the balustrade from , and saw an old radio so spotted with paint it could have been an art exhibit .
he looked into the cradle the painters were using to paint the outside of the balustrade from , and saw an old radio so spotted with paint it could have been an art [show] .

One proud exhibit , for example , is a Blue Streak Missile .
one proud [show] , for example , is a blue streak missile .

Exhibit applications are popular and include multimedia information presentations in such locations as museums , art galleries , theme parks , trade shows and major trade fairs such as the various ‘ EXPOs ’ .
[show] applications are popular and include multimedia information presentations in such locations as museums , art galleries , theme parks , trade shows and major trade fairs such as the various ‘ expos ’ .

This is not surprising , especially when polymer samples exhibit polydispersity , and the molar mass is , at best , an average dependent on the particular method of measurement used .
this is not surprising , especially when polymer samples [show] polydispersity , and the molar mass is , at best , an average dependent on the particular method of measurement used .

Identification of polymer samples can be made by making use of the ‘ finger-print ’ region , where it is least likely for one polymer to exhibit exactly the same spectrum as another .
identification of polymer samples can be made by making use of the ‘ finger-print ’ region , where it is least likely for one polymer to [show] exactly the same spectrum as another .

These samples might then exhibit almost perfect first order phase changes at the melting temperature .
these samples might then [show] almost perfect first order phase changes at the melting temperature .

These structures , which exhibit a characteristic Maltese cross optical extinction pattern , are called spherulites .
these structures , which [show] a characteristic maltese cross optical extinction pattern , are called spherulites .

In many cases , a material may exhibit the characteristics of both a liquid and a solid and neither of the limiting laws will adequately describe its behaviour .
in many cases , a material may [show] the characteristics of both a liquid and a solid and neither of the limiting laws will adequately describe its behaviour .

Viscoelastic polymers exhibit both elastic and damping behaviour .
viscoelastic polymers [show] both elastic and damping behaviour .

Matrix structures exhibit dual lines of budget authority , dual sources of reward and punishment and dual reporting channels .
matrix structures [show] dual lines of budget authority , dual sources of reward and punishment and dual reporting channels .

She moved slowly and gracefully , conscious of a female-ness it would , Ellen could see , be quite natural to want to drape with fabric rather than exhibit .
she moved slowly and gracefully , conscious of a female-ness it would , ellen could see , be quite natural to want to drape with fabric rather than [show] .

They exhibit no commitment , no leadership and no ambition on the part of the Government to and for our children .
they [show] no commitment , no leadership and no ambition on the part of the government to and for our children .

We should also observe that the error term in the regression , t , is a serially uncorrelated random error ; that is , it should exhibit no pattern since , under the hypothesis of rational expectations , it is the forecasting error .
we should also observe that the error term in the regression , t , is a serially uncorrelated random error ; that is , it should [show] no pattern since , under the hypothesis of rational expectations , it is the forecasting error .

These random movements in aggregate demand are of course unpredictable and exhibit no clear pattern .
these random movements in aggregate demand are of course unpredictable and [show] no clear pattern .

The model therefore implies that the deviations of output from its natural rate should also be unpredictable and exhibit no pattern .
the model therefore implies that the deviations of output from its natural rate should also be unpredictable and [show] no pattern .

Government models of the economy have their counterpart in private sector models of the economy which , although not exactly the same , nevertheless exhibit much the same features .
government models of the economy have their counterpart in private sector models of the economy which , although not exactly the same , nevertheless [show] much the same features .

Thus the policy ineffectiveness proposition can survive in a model in which prices exhibit some degree of stickiness , provided that the policy instruments exhibit the same degree of stickiness .
thus the policy ineffectiveness proposition can survive in a model in which prices [show] some degree of stickiness , provided that the policy instruments [show] the same degree of stickiness .

For this assumption to be consistent with rational expectations , equation ( 6.7 ) must exhibit three key characteristics : first , the variables on the right-hand side of equation ( 6.7 ) should include all those which exert an important impact on monetary growth .
for this assumption to be consistent with rational expectations , equation ( 6.7 ) must [show] three key characteristics : first , the variables on the right-hand side of equation ( 6.7 ) should include all those which exert an important impact on monetary growth .

The constancy of the aggregate parameters rests either on the assumption that individual wealth shares are constant or on the assumption that all investors perceive the same expected returns and variance covariance matrix of returns and exhibit the same degree of absolute risk aversion .
the constancy of the aggregate parameters rests either on the assumption that individual wealth shares are constant or on the assumption that all investors perceive the same expected returns and variance covariance matrix of returns and [show] the same degree of absolute risk aversion .

The frequency curves of many sediments exhibit several peaks , the polymodal distributions indicating the presence of more than one population of grains .
the frequency curves of many sediments [show] several peaks , the polymodal distributions indicating the presence of more than one population of grains .

Some natural sediments such as pyroclastic debris , glacial tills and weathered crystalline rock products exhibit linear plots on Rosin paper , suggesting that they behave very much as crushed products , but the similarity vanishes swiftly with transport after which they rapidly come to resemble more commonly encountered materials transported and deposited from natural fluids .
some natural sediments such as pyroclastic debris , glacial tills and weathered crystalline rock products [show] linear plots on rosin paper , suggesting that they behave very much as crushed products , but the similarity vanishes swiftly with transport after which they rapidly come to resemble more commonly encountered materials transported and deposited from natural fluids .

Sedimentary rocks exhibit a vast range of diagenetic fabrics from compaction to cementation , dissolution to complete replacement .
sedimentary rocks [show] a vast range of diagenetic fabrics from compaction to cementation , dissolution to complete replacement .

However , sections transverse to the principle stress direction may exhibit a much lesser degree of solution compaction ( Fig .
however , sections transverse to the principle stress direction may [show] a much lesser degree of solution compaction ( fig .

Many sandstones with overgrowth cements exhibit little solution compaction at grain-to-grain contacts ( Fig .
many sandstones with overgrowth cements [show] little solution compaction at grain-to-grain contacts ( fig .

While the crystals were growing slowly , the lattice was able to ‘ sweep out ’ impurities such as the Mn activator ions and thus exhibit less luminescence .
while the crystals were growing slowly , the lattice was able to ‘ sweep out ’ impurities such as the mn activator ions and thus [show] less luminescence .

exhibit keen powers of observation ;
[show] keen powers of observation ;

How do boys respond to male fictional characters who exhibit traits traditionally defined as feminine ?
how do boys respond to male fictional characters who [show] traits traditionally defined as feminine ?

It is not generally appreciated that very many settlement sites exhibit earthworks of several periods .
it is not generally appreciated that very many settlement sites [show] earthworks of several periods .

During work experience students are expected to exhibit a high degree of interpersonal skills in initiating and sustaining working relationships .
during work experience students are expected to [show] a high degree of interpersonal skills in initiating and sustaining working relationships .

During community involvement students are expected to exhibit a high degree of interpersonal skills in initiating and sustaining working relationships and responding to the needs of others .
during community involvement students are expected to [show] a high degree of interpersonal skills in initiating and sustaining working relationships and responding to the needs of others .

Our exhibit consisted of a background stand of posters showing gold and platinum bars and other items , plus a table full of typical Johnson Matthey products and intermediates .
our [show] consisted of a background stand of posters showing gold and platinum bars and other items , plus a table full of typical johnson matthey products and intermediates .

On the other hand , the group of verbs which occur with predicate qualifiers will be expected to exhibit some degree of compatibility with the noun phrase element of the structure which they govern , although this does not imply that they have to make exactly the same sort of sense when they occur with that phrase alone as they do when the adjective is present , for the very reason that the adjective provides the syntactic-semantic condition under which the relation between the verb and its object holds ; compare leave the items and leave the items date-stamped .
on the other hand , the group of verbs which occur with predicate qualifiers will be expected to [show] some degree of compatibility with the noun phrase element of the structure which they govern , although this does not imply that they have to make exactly the same sort of sense when they occur with that phrase alone as they do when the adjective is present , for the very reason that the adjective provides the syntactic-semantic condition under which the relation between the verb and its object holds ; compare leave the items and leave the items date-stamped .

Some readers exhibit conservatism over the adoption of new information technology , and many librarians , faced with the problem of the need for archival storage of scientific data — an intrinsic feature of the nature and use of geological and botanical literature , for example — and knowing the costs incurred in data conversion as each new technological advance occurs , will choose to retain paper , and postpone decisions on technology .
some readers [show] conservatism over the adoption of new information technology , and many librarians , faced with the problem of the need for archival storage of scientific data — an intrinsic feature of the nature and use of geological and botanical literature , for example — and knowing the costs incurred in data conversion as each new technological advance occurs , will choose to retain paper , and postpone decisions on technology .

Ordinal scales are used where it is possible to order cases in respect of the degree to which they exhibit a certain property or quality , even though it may not be possible to state precisely how much of that property they have .
ordinal scales are used where it is possible to order cases in respect of the degree to which they [show] a certain property or quality , even though it may not be possible to state precisely how much of that property they have .

Get emphasizes the obtaining of a result : ( 169 ) Quite apart from the difficulty of getting subjects to behave " naturally " in the course of a psychological investigation , there is the difficulty of getting what is significant in behaviour to exhibit itself clearly . ( Thomson 1961 : 23 ; in van Ek 1966 : 76 )
get emphasizes the obtaining of a result : ( 169 ) quite apart from the difficulty of getting subjects to behave " naturally " in the course of a psychological investigation , there is the difficulty of getting what is significant in behaviour to [show] itself clearly . ( thomson 1961 : 23 ; in van ek 1966 : 76 )

The first exhibit in her case was a painful quarrel , laid out before the court in its naked entirety .
the first [show] in her case was a painful quarrel , laid out before the court in its naked entirety .

But then the exhibit , the quarrel , hateful and confusing in being exposed to other eyes , changed character and became after all , evidence for the defence .
but then the [show] , the quarrel , hateful and confusing in being exposed to other eyes , changed character and became after all , evidence for the defence .

In short , these studies exhibit all the familiar features of nineteenth-century `` scientific `` scholarship .
in short , these studies [show] all the familiar features of nineteenth-century `` scientific `` scholarship .

We now exhibit the same symptoms of the same disease , the loss of myth .
we now [show] the same symptoms of the same disease , the loss of myth .

Metals and ceramics can also exhibit creep and stress relaxation and the associated internal friction effects ; their elastic properties also vary with temperature .
metals and ceramics can also [show] creep and stress relaxation and the associated internal friction effects ; their elastic properties also vary with temperature .

Most cells develop brush border enzyme activity , express cytokeratins , and exhibit morphological features including epithelial tight junction , desmosomes , and microvillus brush borders , which are characteristic of small bowel enterocytes .
most cells develop brush border enzyme activity , express cytokeratins , and [show] morphological features including epithelial tight junction , desmosomes , and microvillus brush borders , which are characteristic of small bowel enterocytes .

Smooth muscle cells of the gastric body and antrum exhibit inherent rhythmic polarisation and depolarisation of the electrical potential across the cell membrane .
smooth muscle cells of the gastric body and antrum [show] inherent rhythmic polarisation and depolarisation of the electrical potential across the cell membrane .

Over half of the patients exhibit clinical signs associated with portal hypertension , such as ascites and hepatorenal syndrome .
over half of the patients [show] clinical signs associated with portal hypertension , such as ascites and hepatorenal syndrome .

Therefore , as in cirrhotics with hepatorenal syndrome , patients with acute liver and renal failure exhibit renal vasoconstriction in the context of marked systemic vasodilation .
therefore , as in cirrhotics with hepatorenal syndrome , patients with acute liver and renal failure [show] renal vasoconstriction in the context of marked systemic vasodilation .

Thus , it would be reasonable to expect that populations with a high mortality rate from coronary heart disease would also exhibit a high mortality rate for colon cancer .
thus , it would be reasonable to expect that populations with a high mortality rate from coronary heart disease would also [show] a high mortality rate for colon cancer .

Healthy adults exhibit an increase in colon motility beginning 20 to 40 minutes after a meal , known as the gastrocolonic response .
healthy adults [show] an increase in colon motility beginning 20 to 40 minutes after a meal , known as the gastrocolonic response .

Works of art , any things that acquire identity from the interaction of dissimilar parts , are likely to exhibit characteristics of ecology and symbiosis .
works of art , any things that acquire identity from the interaction of dissimilar parts , are likely to [show] characteristics of ecology and symbiosis .

All stressed skin structures exhibit a minimum surface tension that can contain the applied forces .
all stressed skin structures [show] a minimum surface tension that can contain the applied forces .

When we consider temperament in horses , and especially in families , it is most reasonable to look at the stallions in a family to get a more valid picture of the family characteristics , as stallions often exhibit traits of temperament to greater extremes than geldings and mares .
when we consider temperament in horses , and especially in families , it is most reasonable to look at the stallions in a family to get a more valid picture of the family characteristics , as stallions often [show] traits of temperament to greater extremes than geldings and mares .

So , if a stallion should exhibit a particularly kind and mild nature , it would indicate that the stallion 's family could be kinder and more trustworthy than other horses in general .
so , if a stallion should [show] a particularly kind and mild nature , it would indicate that the stallion 's family could be kinder and more trustworthy than other horses in general .

By itself , the ‘ diversion memorandum ’ — soon to be ‘ Exhibit 1 ’ in the congressional inquiries — dictated the shape of the subsequent investigation .
by itself , the ‘ diversion memorandum ’ — soon to be ‘ [show] 1 ’ in the congressional inquiries — dictated the shape of the subsequent investigation .

While so many documentary-makers seem chiefly eager to exhibit their punditry , he appeared as a genuine seeker after knowledge .
while so many documentary-makers seem chiefly eager to [show] their punditry , he appeared as a genuine seeker after knowledge .

Like seals and other diving animals , dolphins exhibit bradycardia - the slowing of the rate of heart beat .
like seals and other diving animals , dolphins [show] bradycardia - the slowing of the rate of heart beat .

All exhibit her flawless swing and admirably unclassifiable style .
all [show] her flawless swing and admirably unclassifiable style .

The owners do not intend to exhibit the work and have no interest in selling it , having already refused an offer of $ 50 million from a Japanese collector .
the owners do not intend to [show] the work and have no interest in selling it , having already refused an offer of $ 50 million from a japanese collector .

The Tropical House was designed to exhibit a pair of American Alligators and a large collection of plants from the warmer regions of the world .
the tropical house was designed to [show] a pair of american alligators and a large collection of plants from the warmer regions of the world .

Also on exhibit are a number of interesting crop plants such as sugar cane and banana .
also on [show] are a number of interesting crop plants such as sugar cane and banana .

Although Hoyle 's model can be criticised on the grounds that the ideal types do not exist , or that many teachers exhibit characteristics from both sides of the model , it nevertheless exposes crucial aspects of the relationships between teachers and the organisations in which they work when used in the heuristic format for which it was intended .
although hoyle 's model can be criticised on the grounds that the ideal types do not exist , or that many teachers [show] characteristics from both sides of the model , it nevertheless exposes crucial aspects of the relationships between teachers and the organisations in which they work when used in the heuristic format for which it was intended .

Alluvial soils are developed on recently deposited freshwater , estuarine or marine alluvium and exhibit little profile differentiation or modification to the parent material .
alluvial soils are developed on recently deposited freshwater , estuarine or marine alluvium and [show] little profile differentiation or modification to the parent material .

Politicians and diplomats frequently exhibit these characteristics when dealing with foreign affairs .
politicians and diplomats frequently [show] these characteristics when dealing with foreign affairs .

Speaking against the motion , the Rev David Holloway ( Newcastle ) quoted a Canadian theologian . ‘ If it should turn out to be true that God did intend males to exhibit strength in leadership roles and females to excel more as the guardians of society 's emotional resources , why should this be viewed ipso facto as an evil arrangement ? ’
speaking against the motion , the rev david holloway ( newcastle ) quoted a canadian theologian . ‘ if it should turn out to be true that god did intend males to [show] strength in leadership roles and females to excel more as the guardians of society 's emotional resources , why should this be viewed ipso facto as an evil arrangement ? ’

’ At a time when the feature industry was undergoing a re-examination and the documentary movement was split between filmmakers who felt that they should reach out to a cinema audience , and those like Grierson himself who preferred to exhibit films outside the theatre ( e.g .
’ at a time when the feature industry was undergoing a re-examination and the documentary movement was split between filmmakers who felt that they should reach out to a cinema audience , and those like grierson himself who preferred to [show] films outside the theatre ( e.g .

The main need of these artists was for good opportunities to exhibit their work ; unlike the equally celebrated group Die Brücke ( The Bridge ) they did not work closely together .
the main need of these artists was for good opportunities to [show] their work ; unlike the equally celebrated group die brücke ( the bridge ) they did not work closely together .

Always the police prefer to exhibit bodily constraint in their styles , for restraint and decorum have a symbolic history as an indication of subcultural insider purity , a comfort with a vanishing status quo , and a rejection of the changing outside world .
always the police prefer to [show] bodily constraint in their styles , for restraint and decorum have a symbolic history as an indication of subcultural insider purity , a comfort with a vanishing status quo , and a rejection of the changing outside world .

But the novels were soon to exhibit an interest in misogyny , and to see a connection between ‘ the old hoo-ha ’ and ‘ the old last end ’ — expressions used by Ormerod and Standish respectively , in Take a girl like you , for sexual intercourse and death .
but the novels were soon to [show] an interest in misogyny , and to see a connection between ‘ the old hoo-ha ’ and ‘ the old last end ’ — expressions used by ormerod and standish respectively , in take a girl like you , for sexual intercourse and death .

In many instances , however , a related or competitive product of a similar type which is known to , or can be presumed to , exhibit satisfactory stability under market conditions , can often be included and can provide valuable help in the evaluation of the test data .
in many instances , however , a related or competitive product of a similar type which is known to , or can be presumed to , [show] satisfactory stability under market conditions , can often be included and can provide valuable help in the evaluation of the test data .

The railway stations of Australia and New Zealand exhibit a remarkable muscularity of style .
the railway stations of australia and new zealand [show] a remarkable muscularity of style .

Nitrogen mustards in suitable doses damage only cells and tissues which normally exhibit relatively high rates of proliferation and growth .
nitrogen mustards in suitable doses damage only cells and tissues which normally [show] relatively high rates of proliferation and growth .

Anderjays Our Marcus won Best Exhibit at the 1988 Rottweiler Club at the Victoria Championship Show and went on to win runner-up in show at the 1988 Melbourne Royal Show .
anderjays our marcus won best [show] at the 1988 rottweiler club at the victoria championship show and went on to win runner-up in show at the 1988 melbourne royal show .

The National Museum has an exhibit that makes my eyes blink .
the national museum has an [show] that makes my eyes blink .

The songs exhibit change of pace , from disco shake to waltz , but it is difficult to marry the lyrics to the rhythm at which they are sung .
the songs [show] change of pace , from disco shake to waltz , but it is difficult to marry the lyrics to the rhythm at which they are sung .

The central exhibit is a bright pink , skeletal temple in which the Prince 's central advice to architects is enshrined .
the central [show] is a bright pink , skeletal temple in which the prince 's central advice to architects is enshrined .

The original concept , as Miller set out in the preface , was ‘ to exhibit the figures of one or more species of all the known genera of plants ’ .
the original concept , as miller set out in the preface , was ‘ to [show] the figures of one or more species of all the known genera of plants ’ .

International : Police seize Expo exhibit coca leaves
international : police seize expo [show] coca leaves

Where we might have expected these to vary in the same direction as the specialist team 's , they in fact exhibit a different set of distinctions , particularly in the high rate of service provision and the trend towards maintaining cases as live .
where we might have expected these to vary in the same direction as the specialist team 's , they in fact [show] a different set of distinctions , particularly in the high rate of service provision and the trend towards maintaining cases as live .

Free exhibit numbers and posters
free [show] numbers and posters

Centrepiece of the Welsh Plant Breeding Station 's exhibit was an ingenious model to bring home the pollution timebomb ticking away in silage storage areas .
centrepiece of the welsh plant breeding station 's [show] was an ingenious model to bring home the pollution timebomb ticking away in silage storage areas .

The exhibit also featured the use of improved clover varieties to cut nitrogen inputs and ways to reduce the leaching of slurry nitrogen by digestion and soil injection .
the [show] also featured the use of improved clover varieties to cut nitrogen inputs and ways to reduce the leaching of slurry nitrogen by digestion and soil injection .

The degree show gives them a chance to exhibit their work publicly in central London .
the degree show gives them a chance to [show] their work publicly in central london .

Predictably , the Koons exhibit dominated attention at a festival that included work from scores of internationally renowned , but less flashy artists , and even proved so provocative that one fanatic ended up slashing each painting with a knife , some four months after the show opened .
predictably , the koons [show] dominated attention at a festival that included work from scores of internationally renowned , but less flashy artists , and even proved so provocative that one fanatic ended up slashing each painting with a knife , some four months after the show opened .

Alison wanted to talk , to negotiate , to exhibit her guilt feelings to Franca and receive some sort of absolution .
alison wanted to talk , to negotiate , to [show] her guilt feelings to franca and receive some sort of absolution .

Within the group of chemicals which exhibit the characteristics of a detergent there are four types each with distinct characteristics .
within the group of chemicals which [show] the characteristics of a detergent there are four types each with distinct characteristics .

They are usually mixed with non-ionics in which form some types exhibit significant disinfectant properties .
they are usually mixed with non-ionics in which form some types [show] significant disinfectant properties .

Used alone they exhibit a specific characteristic known as inverse solubility by which is meant that as temperature increases they drop out of solution contrary to expected behaviour .
used alone they [show] a specific characteristic known as inverse solubility by which is meant that as temperature increases they drop out of solution contrary to expected behaviour .

They exhibit similar odour free and taint free characteristics to anionics and are of relatively low toxicity .
they [show] similar odour free and taint free characteristics to anionics and are of relatively low toxicity .

Chlorinated phenols : Phenol agents are generally unsuitable for food use as they exhibit high odour characteristics and other undesirable effects .
chlorinated phenols : phenol agents are generally unsuitable for food use as they [show] high odour characteristics and other undesirable effects .

New Contemporary Show ‘ 92 , six newcomers exhibit for the first time ( until 23 Feb ) .
new contemporary show ‘ 92 , six newcomers [show] for the first time ( until 23 feb ) .

The octopus , ‘ literally ’ a side-show exhibit , represents the narrator 's groping towards forms , the perceptual flux as he moves through geographical , residential and sexual space .
the octopus , ‘ literally ’ a side-show [show] , represents the narrator 's groping towards forms , the perceptual flux as he moves through geographical , residential and sexual space .

For a text to be described as a nouveau roman it had to exhibit self-reflexive and metafictional features as well as foreground the exploration of the semantic and phonetic properties of language .
for a text to be described as a nouveau roman it had to [show] self-reflexive and metafictional features as well as foreground the exploration of the semantic and phonetic properties of language .

Again , it can be demonstrated that Simon 's apparently more mimetic works also exhibit the linguistically self-generating features typical of his later fiction .
again , it can be demonstrated that simon 's apparently more mimetic works also [show] the linguistically self-generating features typical of his later fiction .

The gold medal exhibit from the Society 's Lily Group offers a chance of seeing the fritillaries that grow on arid hillsides in Turkey , often of bizarre colouring .
the gold medal [show] from the society 's lily group offers a chance of seeing the fritillaries that grow on arid hillsides in turkey , often of bizarre colouring .

Hence , the priesthood , says the Pope , must exhibit ‘ a preferential love for the poor ’ , and a compassionate love for sinners , in other words those who are poor in spirit .
hence , the priesthood , says the pope , must [show] ‘ a preferential love for the poor ’ , and a compassionate love for sinners , in other words those who are poor in spirit .

Galluim Arsenide fets processed with a special surface deposition exhibit indeterminate switch-on thresholds at low frequencies but work like normal transistors at higher frequencies .
galluim arsenide fets processed with a special surface deposition [show] indeterminate switch-on thresholds at low frequencies but work like normal transistors at higher frequencies .

There are concerns that , once released , GEMs might exhibit some previously unknown pathogenicity , might take over from some naturally occurring bacteria or pass on some perhaps unwanted trait to indigenous bacteria .
there are concerns that , once released , gems might [show] some previously unknown pathogenicity , might take over from some naturally occurring bacteria or pass on some perhaps unwanted trait to indigenous bacteria .

Many such people , now elderly , have lived in hospitals all their lives and exhibit institutional behaviour which would make it extremely difficult for them to be rehabilitated .
many such people , now elderly , have lived in hospitals all their lives and [show] institutional behaviour which would make it extremely difficult for them to be rehabilitated .

Training centres are hard-pressed and insufficient in numbers and , with job prospects gloomy for all young people , the now older parents may find it hard to cope with the constant supervision of a young mentally handicapped person who may still exhibit child-like exuberance .
training centres are hard-pressed and insufficient in numbers and , with job prospects gloomy for all young people , the now older parents may find it hard to cope with the constant supervision of a young mentally handicapped person who may still [show] child-like exuberance .

Many of the squatter settlements exhibit high levels of social organisation and stability rather than marginal characteristics .
many of the squatter settlements [show] high levels of social organisation and stability rather than marginal characteristics .

There is no doubt that some cells can exhibit chemotaxis , that is , move towards the source of chemical which is diffusing in the medium .
there is no doubt that some cells can [show] chemotaxis , that is , move towards the source of chemical which is diffusing in the medium .

Consequently these areas are the first to exhibit extra fat and the last to actually reduce .
consequently these areas are the first to [show] extra fat and the last to actually reduce .

Neico Aviation won the Best commercial Display award with their Lancair 320 fastbuild kit exhibit .
neico aviation won the best commercial display award with their lancair 320 fastbuild kit [show] .

This small herd of 40 or 50 animals , though enclosed , still has the freedom of 135ha of land and the animals are rarely in contact with humans ; they live as a wild herd and exhibit many interesting behaviour patterns , which have been studied in the past by famous artists and very recently by Cambridge zoologist Stephen Hall , who has published his observations .
this small herd of 40 or 50 animals , though enclosed , still has the freedom of 135ha of land and the animals are rarely in contact with humans ; they live as a wild herd and [show] many interesting behaviour patterns , which have been studied in the past by famous artists and very recently by cambridge zoologist stephen hall , who has published his observations .

Social works are similarly influenced and exhibit the same pessimistic assumptions about the abilities of older people .
social works are similarly influenced and [show] the same pessimistic assumptions about the abilities of older people .

Newcastle were always striving to keep the ball by those machine-like movements which only the cleverest exponents of the short-passing game can exhibit .
newcastle were always striving to keep the ball by those machine-like movements which only the cleverest exponents of the short-passing game can [show] .

The diminutive car 4 is a prize exhibit in the National Tramway Museum , and is to be restored to its 1885 appearance for its return to Blackpool in 1985 .
the diminutive car 4 is a prize [show] in the national tramway museum , and is to be restored to its 1885 appearance for its return to blackpool in 1985 .

We hunt , ride , shoot , fish , eat , wear , trap , exhibit , factory-farm and experiment upon billions every year .
we hunt , ride , shoot , fish , eat , wear , trap , [show] , factory-farm and experiment upon billions every year .

Pigs normally spend a large amount of their day searching for food and consuming food , and pigs which have no food for a long period often exhibit sham-chewing .
pigs normally spend a large amount of their day searching for food and consuming food , and pigs which have no food for a long period often [show] sham-chewing .

From this it seems that Nicholson 's dazzling display outclassed all others in the Chemical Section — including the rather pedestrian exhibit of Perkin & Sons .
from this it seems that nicholson 's dazzling display outclassed all others in the chemical section — including the rather pedestrian [show] of perkin & sons .

This year 's Olympiad was held in Hong Kong 's new science museum and each team was asked to suggest a permanent public exhibit for the museum connected with their topic .
this year 's olympiad was held in hong kong 's new science museum and each team was asked to suggest a permanent public [show] for the museum connected with their topic .

The enhancement of reservoir properties in these fields appears to have taken place only on a local scale and nearby wells exhibit much lower porosities .
the enhancement of reservoir properties in these fields appears to have taken place only on a local scale and nearby wells [show] much lower porosities .

Permeabilities do not exhibit such depth dependence .
permeabilities do not [show] such depth dependence .

In the Carboniferous the shale beds generally exhibit higher resistivities than the sands .
in the carboniferous the shale beds generally [show] higher resistivities than the sands .

These modes exhibit a behaviour of ever-increasing frequency as the Cauchy horizon is approached .
these modes [show] a behaviour of ever-increasing frequency as the cauchy horizon is approached .

The boss , Mr. Uphill , always had his sleeves rolled up way past the elbows — whether for comfort or to exhibit the many tattoos which covered his arms is anyone 's guess .
the boss , mr. uphill , always had his sleeves rolled up way past the elbows — whether for comfort or to [show] the many tattoos which covered his arms is anyone 's guess .

This lists the type of damage and the species that exhibit it , and the correspondence between incisor and molar digestion is illustrated in Fig .
this lists the type of damage and the species that [show] it , and the correspondence between incisor and molar digestion is illustrated in fig .

Each exhibit building is equipped with authentic furnishings , cooking utensils and farm implements illustrating the various facets of life in those early times .
each [show] building is equipped with authentic furnishings , cooking utensils and farm implements illustrating the various facets of life in those early times .

Foals with meconium retention exhibit colic-type signs or continued straining .
foals with meconium retention [show] colic-type signs or continued straining .

One hundred years later there were 722 varieties of gooseberries and 171 gooseberry shows at which to exhibit them .
one hundred years later there were 722 varieties of gooseberries and 171 gooseberry shows at which to [show] them .

Its absence is probably not a great loss to the exhibit , but the museum 's efforts to obtain a sample involved a trip to Munich !
its absence is probably not a great loss to the [show] , but the museum 's efforts to obtain a sample involved a trip to munich !

The strange behaviour of systems that exhibit quantum effects seems often to challenge common sense , raising questions as to whether quantum theory provides only an incomplete account of nature and some other theory is needed at a more fundamental level , or even whether our concept of reality needs adjusting .
the strange behaviour of systems that [show] quantum effects seems often to challenge common sense , raising questions as to whether quantum theory provides only an incomplete account of nature and some other theory is needed at a more fundamental level , or even whether our concept of reality needs adjusting .

Such people , in Clarke 's view , exhibit either a failure of nerve or of imagination , History is littered with examples of eminences who said such items as the aeroplane or the telephone were impossible , Yet Clarke himself demonstrates , unwittingly perhaps another well-known human maxim : if something can go wrong , it probably will , Thus in his 1962 edition , he predicts that nuclear rockets , translating machines and efficient energy storage devices would be around by 1970 .
such people , in clarke 's view , [show] either a failure of nerve or of imagination , history is littered with examples of eminences who said such items as the aeroplane or the telephone were impossible , yet clarke himself demonstrates , unwittingly perhaps another well-known human maxim : if something can go wrong , it probably will , thus in his 1962 edition , he predicts that nuclear rockets , translating machines and efficient energy storage devices would be around by 1970 .

It is the last exhibit in the show — an alcohol-vapour cloud chamber that displays continuously the tracks of the Earth 's background irradiation and made by the Phywe company , West Germany .
it is the last [show] in the show — an alcohol-vapour cloud chamber that displays continuously the tracks of the earth 's background irradiation and made by the phywe company , west germany .

There 's also a fascinating mock-up of the wireless operator 's cubbyhole in a Lancaster bomber , though unfortunately the glass window separating this exhibit from the public throws up unwanted reflections .
there 's also a fascinating mock-up of the wireless operator 's cubbyhole in a lancaster bomber , though unfortunately the glass window separating this [show] from the public throws up unwanted reflections .

The purpose of exhibit two , the Santa Fe International Corporation 's pipe-laying craft The Apache was certainly made clear .
the purpose of [show] two , the santa fe international corporation 's pipe-laying craft the apache was certainly made clear .

They are distributed around the body at , for example , the groin , the armpit and the abdomen , Noyan 's work shows that lymph nodes excised from calves and goats exhibit regular spontaneous movements .
they are distributed around the body at , for example , the groin , the armpit and the abdomen , noyan 's work shows that lymph nodes excised from calves and goats [show] regular spontaneous movements .

Bees , wasps , ants and termites exhibit extraordinary degrees of division of labour , with separate castes comprising such categories as kings , queens , workers , slaves , drones and soldiers .
bees , wasps , ants and termites [show] extraordinary degrees of division of labour , with separate castes comprising such categories as kings , queens , workers , slaves , drones and soldiers .

For some reason , however , the pachyderms do not fit this picture — both elephants and rhinos exhibit far more complex personalities with much higher intelligence than might be expected for animals with their style of feeding .
for some reason , however , the pachyderms do not fit this picture — both elephants and rhinos [show] far more complex personalities with much higher intelligence than might be expected for animals with their style of feeding .

It is not invariably the case that Shetlanders who are selling land , will exhibit loyalty and give preference to other Shetlanders , especially if the other Shetlanders are not related .
it is not invariably the case that shetlanders who are selling land , will [show] loyalty and give preference to other shetlanders , especially if the other shetlanders are not related .

On the contrary , the deep concern for things described as spiritual , which many of such people frequently exhibit , strengthens the contention that humanity as a whole needs a ‘ god ’ and a religion .
on the contrary , the deep concern for things described as spiritual , which many of such people frequently [show] , strengthens the contention that humanity as a whole needs a ‘ god ’ and a religion .

Even the adult characters tend to exhibit undeveloped , immature emotions : ‘ Women are always soft and silly , ’ said her husband in a tone of great disgust .
even the adult characters tend to [show] undeveloped , immature emotions : ‘ women are always soft and silly , ’ said her husband in a tone of great disgust .

‘ The response was so amazing , ’ Chris recalls , ‘ that we went on to exhibit in London and the business really took off .
‘ the response was so amazing , ’ chris recalls , ‘ that we went on to [show] in london and the business really took off .

They buy always from fellow dealers , never at auction , and now exhibit at a dozen major fairs each year .
they buy always from fellow dealers , never at auction , and now [show] at a dozen major fairs each year .

Creatures from bees , butterflies , scorpions and spiders , through fishes , birds , mammals and man exhibit territorial instincts , so they must be able to learn the extent of their territory .
creatures from bees , butterflies , scorpions and spiders , through fishes , birds , mammals and man [show] territorial instincts , so they must be able to learn the extent of their territory .

Despite the breeding of dogs into such a variety of shapes and sizes that an alien visitor to our planet would be forgiven for thinking them all to be different species , yet these miscellaneous varieties all exhibit the same essential behavioural tendencies as their wolf ancestors .
despite the breeding of dogs into such a variety of shapes and sizes that an alien visitor to our planet would be forgiven for thinking them all to be different species , yet these miscellaneous varieties all [show] the same essential behavioural tendencies as their wolf ancestors .

Additionally , if mammalian tissues are used intact they can exhibit anisotropic solute diffusion — ie different in different directions .
additionally , if mammalian tissues are used intact they can [show] anisotropic solute diffusion — ie different in different directions .

Arrowsmith entered the Royal Academy Schools in 1789 , and began to exhibit there from 1792 onwards .
arrowsmith entered the royal academy schools in 1789 , and began to [show] there from 1792 onwards .

It is true that individual plantations lose these species rapidly once the thicket stage is reached , but other species move in and large areas of plantation often exhibit a variety of growth stages from clear fell to mature trees , which further increases the diversity of birds present .
it is true that individual plantations lose these species rapidly once the thicket stage is reached , but other species move in and large areas of plantation often [show] a variety of growth stages from clear fell to mature trees , which further increases the diversity of birds present .

In his foregrounds he liked ‘ trees , which with a little scholastic management , will exhibit on paper many rare assemblages ’ .
in his foregrounds he liked ‘ trees , which with a little scholastic management , will [show] on paper many rare assemblages ’ .

’ … ‘ True taste does not in conspicuous places , exhibit large plantations or lumps of evergreens in circles , in squares , parallelograms , … nor often in rows .
’ … ‘ true taste does not in conspicuous places , [show] large plantations or lumps of evergreens in circles , in squares , parallelograms , … nor often in rows .

Take a glimpse into the future of rail travel with British Rail 's up-to-the-minute exhibit .
take a glimpse into the future of rail travel with british rail 's up-to-the-minute [show] .

There was little doubt among those concerned that through education youth could be made to exhibit the appropriate values .
there was little doubt among those concerned that through education youth could be made to [show] the appropriate values .

If we smooth too much , the resulting rough will itself exhibit a trend .
if we smooth too much , the resulting rough will itself [show] a trend .

Sometimes time series exhibit an obvious change in level and it may be sensible to analyse the two halves separately , producing two roughs and two smooths .
sometimes time series [show] an obvious change in level and it may be sensible to analyse the two halves separately , producing two roughs and two smooths .

In such cases , the two sections often exhibit markedly different levels of variability .
in such cases , the two sections often [show] markedly different levels of variability .

If the more extreme versions of the criticism were true , immigrants to a country should exhibit suicide rates similar to that country , rather than to the country they came from ( Sainsbury and Jenkins 1982 ) .
if the more extreme versions of the criticism were true , immigrants to a country should [show] suicide rates similar to that country , rather than to the country they came from ( sainsbury and jenkins 1982 ) .

As a result , many tropical agroecosystems exhibit soil erosion and rapidly declining soil fertility , which in turn affect crop productivity , often with serious economic consequences .
as a result , many tropical agroecosystems [show] soil erosion and rapidly declining soil fertility , which in turn affect crop productivity , often with serious economic consequences .

For example , Tarrant ( 1987 ) has shown that while world cereal yields are increasing , those for Africa are actually declining and exhibit increased annual variability especially in semi-arid regions like the savanna .
for example , tarrant ( 1987 ) has shown that while world cereal yields are increasing , those for africa are actually declining and [show] increased annual variability especially in semi-arid regions like the savanna .

The first is somaclonal variation , a characteristic recognised in cloned species which exhibit variation in genetic structure .
the first is somaclonal variation , a characteristic recognised in cloned species which [show] variation in genetic structure .

In essence , they argue that tiny differences in the initial conditions of many systems can lead to widely different outcomes since the systems exhibit stochastic behaviour within a deterministic framework .
in essence , they argue that tiny differences in the initial conditions of many systems can lead to widely different outcomes since the systems [show] stochastic behaviour within a deterministic framework .

He intended to exhibit ‘ the whole of the working designs , drawings and estimates ’ of Scott 's latest scheme in the library of the House , and if members wished , he would also exhibit the three competition designs in a Committee Room .
he intended to [show] ‘ the whole of the working designs , drawings and estimates ’ of scott 's latest scheme in the library of the house , and if members wished , he would also [show] the three competition designs in a committee room .

On 7th July , a week after taking office , Fitzroy was pressed by Tite to adhere to Manners ' promise to exhibit Scott 's new design for the Foreign Office along with the tenders and the prize-winning schemes from the competition .
on 7th july , a week after taking office , fitzroy was pressed by tite to adhere to manners ' promise to [show] scott 's new design for the foreign office along with the tenders and the prize-winning schemes from the competition .

In preschools and kindergartens where much time is spent sitting , listening to teachers , and doing worksheets , children exhibit high levels of stress behaviors , such as wiggling , withdrawal , and talking out .
in preschools and kindergartens where much time is spent sitting , listening to teachers , and doing worksheets , children [show] high levels of stress behaviors , such as wiggling , withdrawal , and talking out .

Norten ’ s buildings exhibit another feature of the International Style : they are placeless .
norten ’ s buildings [show] another feature of the international style : they are placeless .

They are serious about what they are doing , that is , their buildings exhibit a strong sense of conviction .
they are serious about what they are doing , that is , their buildings [show] a strong sense of conviction .

During the celebrations of Día de los Muertos ( Day of the Dead ) , galleries exhibit beautiful altars and ofrendas ( offerings ) assembled by artists for community viewing but also for the spiritual sharing that results .
during the celebrations of día de los muertos ( day of the dead ) , galleries [show] beautiful altars and ofrendas ( offerings ) assembled by artists for community viewing but also for the spiritual sharing that results .

An exhibit at the University of Arizona Museum of Art reviewed by Amy Kitchener shows the continuity between home and community folk arts .
an [show] at the university of arizona museum of art reviewed by amy kitchener shows the continuity between home and community folk arts .

Spanish-language newspapers from the late nineteenth century exhibit folk customs and traditions .
spanish-language newspapers from the late nineteenth century [show] folk customs and traditions .

During Día de los Muertos , altars are set up in galleries and exhibit halls as artistic and cultural expressions , with ofrendas created for particularly known individuals .
during día de los muertos , altars are set up in galleries and [show] halls as artistic and cultural expressions , with ofrendas created for particularly known individuals .

As noted above , thirty years of work by many scientists initially on synchronous Boolean networks but now generalized to a wider family of model genetic systems , including some where genes can exhibit continuously graded levels of activity as their inputs turn gradually up or down all show the same simple , general results : There are three broad regimes of behavior .
as noted above , thirty years of work by many scientists initially on synchronous boolean networks but now generalized to a wider family of model genetic systems , including some where genes can [show] continuously graded levels of activity as their inputs turn gradually up or down all show the same simple , general results : there are three broad regimes of behavior .

Near the phase transition to chaos , the green islands begin to exhibit sustained “ limit cycle ” oscillations that become chaotic in the chaotic regime .
near the phase transition to chaos , the green islands begin to [show] sustained “ limit cycle ” oscillations that become chaotic in the chaotic regime .

Communities tend to fill up and do exhibit small and large local extinction events .
communities tend to fill up and do [show] small and large local extinction events .

In Figure .b I exhibit a device a Rube Goldberg device , in fact of which I am extremely proud .
in figure .b i [show] a device a rube goldberg device , in fact of which i am extremely proud .

The major islands exhibit faded remains of a Muslim influence , though this was just one of several cultures to leave its mark on the islands .
the major islands [show] faded remains of a muslim influence , though this was just one of several cultures to leave its mark on the islands .

Freshwater fish species swim in the tanks ; there ’ s also a seashore exhibit with a wave machine .
freshwater fish species swim in the tanks ; there ’ s also a seashore [show] with a wave machine .

At the back of the exhibit is an area set aside for activities such as drawing , brass rubbing , and finger painting .
at the back of the [show] is an area set aside for activities such as drawing , brass rubbing , and finger painting .

At the House of the Forest ( La Maison de la Forêt ) , there ’ s an audiovisual exhibit ( in French only ) , and you can take any of three guided walks along “ discovery trails ” ( sentiers de la découverte ) lasting 10 , 20 , or 60 minutes .
at the house of the forest ( la maison de la forêt ) , there ’ s an audiovisual [show] ( in french only ) , and you can take any of three guided walks along “ discovery trails ” ( sentiers de la découverte ) lasting 10 , 20 , or 60 minutes .

There are also beautiful big cats and a large “ Plains of Africa ” exhibit , where herds of antelope and zebra graze peacefully in the Scottish sunshine .
there are also beautiful big cats and a large “ plains of africa ” [show] , where herds of antelope and zebra graze peacefully in the scottish sunshine .

For a look at domestic life in the Jewish Quarter during the 19th century , pay a visit to the exhibit at the Old Yishuv Court Museum on Rehov Hayyim ( see page 82 ) .
for a look at domestic life in the jewish quarter during the 19th century , pay a visit to the [show] at the old yishuv court museum on rehov hayyim ( see page 82 ) .

Memorials , a documentation center , and a detailed historical exhibit showing the horrors of the Holocaust create an outcry against human suffering caused by hatred , leaving a lasting impression on all who visit .
memorials , a documentation center , and a detailed historical [show] showing the horrors of the holocaust create an outcry against human suffering caused by hatred , leaving a lasting impression on all who visit .

Islamic Cairo Though Cairo has many modern and nondescript suburbs , the oldest districts of Al-Qahira are well-preserved and exhibit some of the finest period architecture in the Islamic world .
islamic cairo though cairo has many modern and nondescript suburbs , the oldest districts of al-qahira are well-preserved and [show] some of the finest period architecture in the islamic world .

The building ’ s exterior , interior and exhibit displays are triumphs of design and harmony between old and new , East and West , simplicity and complexity .
the building ’ s exterior , interior and [show] displays are triumphs of design and harmony between old and new , east and west , simplicity and complexity .

The citadel , built by Vauban , offers great views and is home to several museums , including the fascinating Musée Comtoise , full of local artifacts ; an Insectarium ; an Aquarium ; and a Noctarium , an exhibit of local nocturnal animals .
the citadel , built by vauban , offers great views and is home to several museums , including the fascinating musée comtoise , full of local artifacts ; an insectarium ; an aquarium ; and a noctarium , an [show] of local nocturnal animals .

The Beth Hatefutsoth , or Museum of the Diaspora ( the Diaspora relates to the dispersal of the Jewish people worldwide ) , is quite possibly the finest museum in Israel and certainly the most innovative , yet it doesn ’ t contain a single exhibit of any age .
the beth hatefutsoth , or museum of the diaspora ( the diaspora relates to the dispersal of the jewish people worldwide ) , is quite possibly the finest museum in israel and certainly the most innovative , yet it doesn ’ t contain a single [show] of any age .

Adventurous as rail travel in India still is today , one exhibit belongs hopefully in the past : the skull of an elephant that nearly derailed a mail train in 1894 .
adventurous as rail travel in india still is today , one [show] belongs hopefully in the past : the skull of an elephant that nearly derailed a mail train in 1894 .

On show is one incongruous exhibit left by the Royal Air Airforce : a bronze bust of the German Kaiser Wilhelm II .
on show is one incongruous [show] left by the royal air airforce : a bronze bust of the german kaiser wilhelm ii .

The whole exhibit makes you appreciate the work of the ferry pilots who guide ships in and out of the treacherous reefs surrounding Bermuda .
the whole [show] makes you appreciate the work of the ferry pilots who guide ships in and out of the treacherous reefs surrounding bermuda .

The exhibit also details the role Bermuda has played in the world of competitive sailing .
the [show] also details the role bermuda has played in the world of competitive sailing .

The wax works of Madame Tussauds will have all the latest stars of music and films , so they can try and guess who the figures are before reading the exhibit details .
the wax works of madame tussauds will have all the latest stars of music and films , so they can try and guess who the figures are before reading the [show] details .

The exhibit upstairs , covering the period from 896 to 1849 , is of more general interest than the previous millennium .
the [show] upstairs , covering the period from 896 to 1849 , is of more general interest than the previous millennium .

Many of the galleries in San Juan exhibit the work of up-and-coming Latin American artists ; some of the best galleries and shops are to be found on Calle Cruz , Calle Cristo , and Calle San José .
many of the galleries in san juan [show] the work of up-and-coming latin american artists ; some of the best galleries and shops are to be found on calle cruz , calle cristo , and calle san josé .

Take a look at the Old Coin and Gold Exhibit at the Bank of California ( 400 California Street ) , with its collection of gold coins and currency , or the Wells Fargo History Room in the Wells Fargo Bank ( 420 Montgomery Street ) , which displays Gold Rush memorabilia , including one of the original Wells Fargo stagecoaches .
take a look at the old coin and gold [show] at the bank of california ( 400 california street ) , with its collection of gold coins and currency , or the wells fargo history room in the wells fargo bank ( 420 montgomery street ) , which displays gold rush memorabilia , including one of the original wells fargo stagecoaches .

The wax works of Madame Tussauds will have all the latest stars of music and films , so they can try and guess who the figures are before reading the exhibit details .
the wax works of madame tussauds will have all the latest stars of music and films , so they can try and guess who the figures are before reading the [show] details .

Taman Barung Bali Bird Park , just north of Batubulan , is a well-arranged exhibit of exotic birds and the famous Indonesian Komodo dragon lizards .
taman barung bali bird park , just north of batubulan , is a well-arranged [show] of exotic birds and the famous indonesian komodo dragon lizards .

Just north of Puerto , on the road to La Orotavo , there are two places , both open daily 9am–6pm , that have similar themes , but exhibit them in rather different ways .
just north of puerto , on the road to la orotavo , there are two places , both open daily 9am–6pm , that have similar themes , but [show] them in rather different ways .

More than 70 exhibit tanks make up the Aquarium galleries .
more than 70 [show] tanks make up the aquarium galleries .

The new West Wing containing a large outdoor seal exhibit , two floors of exhibits , plus visitor facilities opened in 1998 .
the new west wing containing a large outdoor seal [show] , two floors of exhibits , plus visitor facilities opened in 1998 .

Some of the galleries exhibit works by major artists .
some of the galleries [show] works by major artists .

The showpieces are the new lion exhibit , snow leopard and cheetah exhibits , and an African tropical rain forest , which is complete with gorillas and warthogs .
the showpieces are the new lion [show] , snow leopard and cheetah exhibits , and an african tropical rain forest , which is complete with gorillas and warthogs .

Stop first at the Museum of Our National Heritage , where the “ Let it Begin Here ” exhibit will provide the historical background to the day ’ s sightseeing .
stop first at the museum of our national heritage , where the “ let it begin here ” [show] will provide the historical background to the day ’ s sightseeing .

The finest musical exhibit in the collection is a set of 65 intricately decorated bronze bells , now restored to their original resonance .
the finest musical [show] in the collection is a set of 65 intricately decorated bronze bells , now restored to their original resonance .

Perhaps the most interesting exhibit is the 14-panel depiction of the life of Christ , painted by the school of Grão Vasco in 1501–1506 and transferred from the altar of the Viseu cathedral in the 18th century .
perhaps the most interesting [show] is the 14-panel depiction of the life of christ , painted by the school of grão vasco in 1501–1506 and transferred from the altar of the viseu cathedral in the 18th century .

The principal exhibit is a 2,000-year-old Roman floor mosaic measuring 9 m ( 30 ft ) long and 3 m ( 10 ft ) wide .
the principal [show] is a 2,000-year-old roman floor mosaic measuring 9 m ( 30 ft ) long and 3 m ( 10 ft ) wide .

The windmill is part of a Renewable Energy Exhibit of methods of gathering solar and wind energy .
the windmill is part of a renewable energy [show] of methods of gathering solar and wind energy .

The event is commemorated by a modest exhibit in the Cabot Tower .
the event is commemorated by a modest [show] in the cabot tower .

One evocative exhibit of the Great Depression of the 1930s is a farm girl ’ s party dress bejeweled with scores of safety pins arranged in patterns .
one evocative [show] of the great depression of the 1930s is a farm girl ’ s party dress bejeweled with scores of safety pins arranged in patterns .

The principal exhibit is a 2,000-year-old Roman floor mosaic measuring 9 m ( 30 ft ) long and 3 m ( 10 ft ) wide .
the principal [show] is a 2,000-year-old roman floor mosaic measuring 9 m ( 30 ft ) long and 3 m ( 10 ft ) wide .

The prize exhibit is the full-size copy of the Royal Galley , La Reial , aboard which Don Juan of Austria commanded the fleet that defeated the Turks at the Battle of Lepanto in 1571 .
the prize [show] is the full-size copy of the royal galley , la reial , aboard which don juan of austria commanded the fleet that defeated the turks at the battle of lepanto in 1571 .

You ’ ll find an exhaustive exhibit of the trajectory of the 1959 Cuban Revolution , so allow a couple of hours to view it .
you ’ ll find an exhaustive [show] of the trajectory of the 1959 cuban revolution , so allow a couple of hours to view it .

See April Testimony at 73 , Exhibit 1 ( testimony of Victor Lara , Attorney at Law ) .
see april testimony at 73 , [show] 1 ( testimony of victor lara , attorney at law ) .

See March Comments at 205 ( comment of Jose Padilla and Cynthia L. Rice , California Rural Legal Assistance ) ; March Comments at 247 ( comment of Marci Seville , Golden Gate University School of Law ) ; April Testimony at 19 ( testimony of Cynthia Rice , California Rural Legal Assistance Program ) ; April Testimony at 73 , Exhibit 1 ( testimony of Victor Lara , Attorney at Law ) .
see march comments at 205 ( comment of jose padilla and cynthia l. rice , california rural legal assistance ) ; march comments at 247 ( comment of marci seville , golden gate university school of law ) ; april testimony at 19 ( testimony of cynthia rice , california rural legal assistance program ) ; april testimony at 73 , [show] 1 ( testimony of victor lara , attorney at law ) .

See March Comments at 69 ( comment of Patrick McIntyre , Northwest Justice Project ) ; April Testimony at 73 , Exhibit 1 ( testimony of Victor Lara , Attorney at Law ) .
see march comments at 69 ( comment of patrick mcintyre , northwest justice project ) ; april testimony at 73 , [show] 1 ( testimony of victor lara , attorney at law ) .

See April Testimony at 37 Exhibit 2 ( testimony of Jack Londen , Attorney at Law ) .
see april testimony at 37 [show] 2 ( testimony of jack londen , attorney at law ) .

Because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit acute ( or chronic ) toxicity .
because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might [show] acute ( or chronic ) toxicity .

A corollary of the concentration-response concept is that every toxicant should exhibit a concentration-response relationship , given that the appropriate response is measured and given that the concentration range evaluated is appropriate .
a corollary of the concentration-response concept is that every toxicant should [show] a concentration-response relationship , given that the appropriate response is measured and given that the concentration range evaluated is appropriate .

Tests that exhibit unexpected concentration-response relationships also may indicate a need for further investigation and possible retesting .
tests that [show] unexpected concentration-response relationships also may indicate a need for further investigation and possible retesting .

A corollary of the concentration-response concept is that every toxicant should exhibit a concentration-response relationship , given that the appropriate response is measured and given that the concentration range evaluated is appropriate .
a corollary of the concentration-response concept is that every toxicant should [show] a concentration-response relationship , given that the appropriate response is measured and given that the concentration range evaluated is appropriate .

Tests that exhibit unexpected concentration-response relationships also may indicate a need for further investigation and possible retesting .
tests that [show] unexpected concentration-response relationships also may indicate a need for further investigation and possible retesting .

Because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit chronic toxicity .
because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might [show] chronic toxicity .

Because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might exhibit chronic toxicity .
because of the potential temporal variability in the toxicity of effluents , a negative test result with a particular sample does not preclude the possibility that samples collected at some other time might [show] chronic toxicity .

For instance , a contract to install a scrubber on a 500 MWe unit at the Coleman Station in Kentucky is scheduled to be completed in early 2004 ( approximately 24 months after the contract was announced , which is several months shorter than the installation schedule set forth in Exhibit A-1 ) .
for instance , a contract to install a scrubber on a 500 mwe unit at the coleman station in kentucky is scheduled to be completed in early 2004 ( approximately 24 months after the contract was announced , which is several months shorter than the installation schedule set forth in [show] a-1 ) .

Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A depicts the timeline expected for completing a single unit installation of SCR .
[show] a-3 in appendix a depicts the timeline expected for completing a single unit installation of scr .

Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A shows that nine months are allowed for the construction permit .
[show] a-3 in appendix a shows that nine months are allowed for the construction permit .

As shown in Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A , this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application .
as shown in [show] a-3 in appendix a , this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application .

This time period is shown in Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A .
this time period is shown in [show] a-3 in appendix a .

Exhibit A-4 in Appendix A examines a schedule for retrofitting a facility with multiple ( seven ) SCR retrofits .
[show] a-4 in appendix a examines a schedule for retrofitting a facility with multiple ( seven ) scr retrofits .

Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A depicts the timeline expected for completing a single unit installation of ACI .
[show] a-5 in appendix a depicts the timeline expected for completing a single unit installation of aci .

In this case , a faster execution is possible than shown on Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A .
in this case , a faster execution is possible than shown on [show] a-5 in appendix a .

As shown in Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A , this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application .
as shown in [show] a-5 in appendix a , this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application .

Therefore , the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 12 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of ACI on one combustion unit is about 15 months , as shown in Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A .
therefore , the total estimated time to modify the title v operating permit is about 12 months , plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.10 based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above , the estimated time period to complete the implementation of aci on one combustion unit is about 15 months , as shown in [show] a-5 in appendix a .

Exhibit A-6 in Appendix A examines a schedule for retrofitting a facility with multiple ( two ) ACI retrofits .
[show] a-6 in appendix a examines a schedule for retrofitting a facility with multiple ( two ) aci retrofits .

Hence , this was a very complex project that was completed approximately within the time frame estimated and shown in Exhibit A-7 in Appendix A .
hence , this was a very complex project that was completed approximately within the time frame estimated and shown in [show] a-7 in appendix a .

Therefore , as shown in Exhibit A-8 in Appendix A , the schedule for a combined FGD and ACI project is expected to be the same as the schedule of an FGD project .
therefore , as shown in [show] a-8 in appendix a , the schedule for a combined fgd and aci project is expected to be the same as the schedule of an fgd project .

Therefore , as shown in Exhibit A-9 in Appendix A , the schedule for a combined SCR and ACI project is expected to be the same as the schedule of an SCR project .
therefore , as shown in [show] a-9 in appendix a , the schedule for a combined scr and aci project is expected to be the same as the schedule of an scr project .

Overall , acid deposition continues to impair the water quality of lakes and streams in the Northeast : 41 percent of lakes in the Adirondack region of New York and 15 percent of lakes in New England exhibit signs of chronic and/or episodic acidification .
overall , acid deposition continues to impair the water quality of lakes and streams in the northeast : 41 percent of lakes in the adirondack region of new york and 15 percent of lakes in new england [show] signs of chronic and/or episodic acidification .

The key results of this analysis of the Clear Skies Act are summarized in Exhibit 1 .
the key results of this analysis of the clear skies act are summarized in [show] 1 .

As depicted in Exhibit 1 , we have used two approaches to provide benefits in health and environmental effects and in monetary terms .
as depicted in [show] 1 , we have used two approaches to provide benefits in health and environmental effects and in monetary terms .

As indicated in Exhibit 1 , the differences between the Alternative and Base Estimates are found in the estimation of the impact of fine particle reductions on premature mortality and the valuation of reducing the risk of premature mortality and the risk of chronic bronchitis .
as indicated in [show] 1 , the differences between the alternative and base estimates are found in the estimation of the impact of fine particle reductions on premature mortality and the valuation of reducing the risk of premature mortality and the risk of chronic bronchitis .

Exhibit 2 outlines the analytical framework used to study the benefits of the Clear Skies Act .
[show] 2 outlines the analytical framework used to study the benefits of the clear skies act .

Exhibit 3 presents total national emissions of NOx and SO2 from all sectors , including power .
[show] 3 presents total national emissions of nox and so2 from all sectors , including power .

Exhibit 3 National SOx and NOx Emissions Projections for Base and Clear Skies Scenarios ( million tons )
[show] 3 national sox and nox emissions projections for base and clear skies scenarios ( million tons )

Exhibit 4 provides a list of the health effects for which we estimate quantified benefits as part of our analysis plus a list of the health effects for which we are unable to quantify benefits at this time .
[show] 4 provides a list of the health effects for which we estimate quantified benefits as part of our analysis plus a list of the health effects for which we are unable to quantify benefits at this time .

Exhibit 5 provides a list of the ecological effects associated with the emissions targeted by Clear Skies .
[show] 5 provides a list of the ecological effects associated with the emissions targeted by clear skies .

Exhibit 6 provides a list of the health effect endpoints we quantified as part of our analysis of the Clear Skies Act , as well as references to the studies that serve as the basis for the C-R functions .
[show] 6 provides a list of the health effect endpoints we quantified as part of our analysis of the clear skies act , as well as references to the studies that serve as the basis for the c-r functions .

The C-R functions in Exhibit 6 only capture effects related to exposures to particulate matter and ozone ; they do not include human health effects related to exposures to SO2 , NO2 , or mercury .
the c-r functions in [show] 6 only capture effects related to exposures to particulate matter and ozone ; they do not include human health effects related to exposures to so2 , no2 , or mercury .

We evaluated studies using the nine selection criteria summarized in Exhibit 7 .
we evaluated studies using the nine selection criteria summarized in [show] 7 .

Detailed information on the selection and application of C-R functions for other endpoints in Exhibit 4 is available in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) .
detailed information on the selection and application of c-r functions for other endpoints in [show] 4 is available in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) .

Exhibit 7 Summary of Considerations Used in Selecting C-R Functions Consideration Comments Peer reviewed research Peer reviewed research is preferred to research that has not undergone the peer review process .
[show] 7 summary of considerations used in selecting c-r functions consideration comments peer reviewed research peer reviewed research is preferred to research that has not undergone the peer review process .

Exhibit 8 provides a summary of the base WTP values used to generate estimates of the economic value of avoided health effects for this analysis , adjusted to 1999 dollars , and a brief description of the basis for these values .
[show] 8 provides a summary of the base wtp values used to generate estimates of the economic value of avoided health effects for this analysis , adjusted to 1999 dollars , and a brief description of the basis for these values .

Exhibit 9 provides a summary of the monetary values for the Alternative Estimate used for economic valuation of mortality and chronic bronchitis .
[show] 9 provides a summary of the monetary values for the alternative estimate used for economic valuation of mortality and chronic bronchitis .

However , in accordance with the SAB advice , we use the VSL in the Base Estimate and present age adjusted values in the tables of alternative calculations , Exhibit 12 and 13 .
however , in accordance with the sab advice , we use the vsl in the base estimate and present age adjusted values in the tables of alternative calculations , [show] 12 and 13 .

That procedure uses per capita income estimates generated from Federal Government projections of income and population growth , and applies three different income elasticities for mortality , severe morbidity , and light symptom effects.21 Benefits for each of the categories - minor health effects , severe and chronic health effects ( which include chronic bronchitis and premature mortality ) , and visibility - were adjusted by multiplying the unadjusted benefits by the appropriate adjustment factor , listed in Exhibit 10 below .
that procedure uses per capita income estimates generated from federal government projections of income and population growth , and applies three different income elasticities for mortality , severe morbidity , and light symptom effects.21 benefits for each of the categories - minor health effects , severe and chronic health effects ( which include chronic bronchitis and premature mortality ) , and visibility - were adjusted by multiplying the unadjusted benefits by the appropriate adjustment factor , listed in [show] 10 below .

Exhibit 10 Adjustment Factors Used to Account for Projected Real Income Growth through 2010 and 2020 Benefit Adjustment Factor Adjustment Factor Category ( 2010 ) ( 2020 ) Minor Health Effect 1.038 1.089 Severe and Chronic Health Effects 1.127 1.319 Premature Mortality 1.112 1.278 Visibility 1.272 1.758 The procedure used to develop these adjustment factors is described in more detail in the Heavy-Duty Engine/Diesel Fuel RIA ( U.S. EPA , 2000b ) .
[show] 10 adjustment factors used to account for projected real income growth through 2010 and 2020 benefit adjustment factor adjustment factor category ( 2010 ) ( 2020 ) minor health effect 1.038 1.089 severe and chronic health effects 1.127 1.319 premature mortality 1.112 1.278 visibility 1.272 1.758 the procedure used to develop these adjustment factors is described in more detail in the heavy-duty engine/diesel fuel ria ( u.s. epa , 2000b ) .

We summarize these adjusted values in Exhibit 11 .
we summarize these adjusted values in [show] 11 .

Exhibit 12 presents the mean estimate of avoided health effects in 2010 and 2020 for each health endpoint included in the Base analysis .
[show] 12 presents the mean estimate of avoided health effects in 2010 and 2020 for each health endpoint included in the base analysis .

Exhibit 13 summarizes the mean monetized health and visibility benefits due to the Clear Skies Act .
[show] 13 summarizes the mean monetized health and visibility benefits due to the clear skies act .

As that exhibit shows , we estimate the monetized benefits of the Clear Skies Act in the continental United States will be $ 44 billion in 2010 , including $ 43 billion in health benefits and $ 1 billion in recreational visibility benefits .
as that [show] shows , we estimate the monetized benefits of the clear skies act in the continental united states will be $ 44 billion in 2010 , including $ 43 billion in health benefits and $ 1 billion in recreational visibility benefits .

Exhibit 14 illustrates the numbers of individuals and the percent of the US population that they represent that will experience changes in ambient particulate matter concentrations in 2010 and 2020 .
[show] 14 illustrates the numbers of individuals and the percent of the us population that they represent that will experience changes in ambient particulate matter concentrations in 2010 and 2020 .

Exhibit 13 Results of Human Health and Welfare Benefits Valuation for the Clear Skies Act ( Particulate Matter and Ozone Reductions Only )
[show] 13 results of human health and welfare benefits valuation for the clear skies act ( particulate matter and ozone reductions only )

Exhibit 15 presents the mean estimate of avoided health effects in 2010 and 2020 for each health endpoint included in the Base analysis .
[show] 15 presents the mean estimate of avoided health effects in 2010 and 2020 for each health endpoint included in the base analysis .

Exhibit 16 summarizes the mean monetized health and visibility benefits of the Alternative Estimate , which will be $ 6.3 billion in 2010 and $ 14.1 billion in 2020 .
[show] 16 summarizes the mean monetized health and visibility benefits of the alternative estimate , which will be $ 6.3 billion in 2010 and $ 14.1 billion in 2020 .

The third row of Exhibit 17 shows the Krewski , et al .
the third row of [show] 17 shows the krewski , et al .

Nonetheless , Exhibit 19 illustrates how our estimates of the number of premature mortalities in the Base Estimate might change under a range of alternative assumptions for a PM mortality threshold .
nonetheless , [show] 19 illustrates how our estimates of the number of premature mortalities in the base estimate might change under a range of alternative assumptions for a pm mortality threshold .

The figures exhibit the rapid change in unit delivery costs as either volume or density increase .
the figures [show] the rapid change in unit delivery costs as either volume or density increase .

For purposes of this paper , `` cream skimming '' refers to concentration on serving only those markets that exhibit lower-than-average delivery costs , regardless of the characteristic that causes those costs to be less than average .
for purposes of this paper , `` cream skimming '' refers to concentration on serving only those markets that [show] lower-than-average delivery costs , regardless of the characteristic that causes those costs to be less than average .

Recent empirical research confirms the widely held belief that economies of scale exist in the delivery of mail.8 Other functional components of the Postal Service are presumed here not to exhibit significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .
recent empirical research confirms the widely held belief that economies of scale exist in the delivery of mail.8 other functional components of the postal service are presumed here not to [show] significant scale economies , although this has not been demonstrated .

Postal monopolies , like most other legal monopolies , are thought by many observers ( 1 ) to be technically inefficient , and ( 2 ) to have delivery functions which exhibit economies of scale.8 This paper addresses several questions which arise from these two points under the assumption that the monopoly and any other barriers to entry were to be removed .
postal monopolies , like most other legal monopolies , are thought by many observers ( 1 ) to be technically inefficient , and ( 2 ) to have delivery functions which [show] economies of scale.8 this paper addresses several questions which arise from these two points under the assumption that the monopoly and any other barriers to entry were to be removed .

On Bin Ladin 's promise to Taliban leaders , see government exhibit no .
on bin ladin 's promise to taliban leaders , see government [show] no .

On Hage 's phone taps , see introduction of stipulation ( government exhibit no .
on hage 's phone taps , see introduction of stipulation ( government [show] no .

For Harun 's fax , see government exhibit no .
for harun 's fax , see government [show] no .

For the Atef fax , see government exhibit no .
for the atef fax , see government [show] no .

For the fatwa , see government exhibit no .
for the fatwa , see government [show] no .

See also government exhibit no .
see also government [show] no .

C-T , United States v. bin Laden ( `` The formation of the Islamic Army for the Liberation of the Holy Places '' ) ; government exhibit no .
c-t , united states v. bin laden ( `` the formation of the islamic army for the liberation of the holy places '' ) ; government [show] no .

D-T , United States v. bin Laden ( `` Al-Aqsa Mosque operation '' ) ; government exhibit no .
d-t , united states v. bin laden ( `` al-aqsa mosque operation '' ) ; government [show] no .

For example , in their analysis of bacterial chemotaxis , Leibler and colleagues ( Barkai and Leibler 1997 ) found a particular model to be extremely robust in the production of an important behavior ( exact signal adaptation ) , and subsequently showed that bacteria do indeed exhibit such robust adaptation ( Alon et al .
for example , in their analysis of bacterial chemotaxis , leibler and colleagues ( barkai and leibler 1997 ) found a particular model to be extremely robust in the production of an important behavior ( exact signal adaptation ) , and subsequently showed that bacteria do indeed [show] such robust adaptation ( alon et al .

Investigators have long known that SNPs that are adjacent or near each other tend to be highly correlated in their pattern and to exhibit strong linkage disequilibrium ( Box 1 ) .
investigators have long known that snps that are adjacent or near each other tend to be highly correlated in their pattern and to [show] strong linkage disequilibrium ( box 1 ) .

While it has long been obvious that hormones do not function in discrete pathways , but rather exhibit extensive cross-talk and signal integration with each other and with environmental and developmental signaling pathways , the molecular basis for such coordinated regulation has been unclear .
while it has long been obvious that hormones do not function in discrete pathways , but rather [show] extensive cross-talk and signal integration with each other and with environmental and developmental signaling pathways , the molecular basis for such coordinated regulation has been unclear .

However , rat models of Alzheimer and Parkinson diseases fed a ketogenic diet exhibit increased resistance to seizures and have increased protection of neurons [ 14 ] .
however , rat models of alzheimer and parkinson diseases fed a ketogenic diet [show] increased resistance to seizures and have increased protection of neurons [ 14 ] .

Most human muscles exhibit a mosaic pattern of different fiber types ( Figure 1 ) , with a great deal of variation among individuals , which is influenced at least in part by patterns of use .
most human muscles [show] a mosaic pattern of different fiber types ( figure 1 ) , with a great deal of variation among individuals , which is influenced at least in part by patterns of use .

Although generation of skeletal muscle cells from adult MSCs remains controversial , we tested whether hESMPCs exhibit this potential .
although generation of skeletal muscle cells from adult mscs remains controversial , we tested whether hesmpcs [show] this potential .

Two siblings will typically exhibit some degree of sibling rivalry—their interests are not identical .
two siblings will typically [show] some degree of sibling rivalry—their interests are not identical .

One comes away from the exhibit with a sense of the power of raw imagery that one may not have felt since the grade-school days of reading illicit comics when one was supposed to be learning the dates of battle sequences through history .
one comes away from the [show] with a sense of the power of raw imagery that one may not have felt since the grade-school days of reading illicit comics when one was supposed to be learning the dates of battle sequences through history .

Contemplation of an exhibit such as Lichtenstein 's sparks a realization of the wealth of neural processes still to be studied and explored .
contemplation of an [show] such as lichtenstein 's sparks a realization of the wealth of neural processes still to be studied and explored .

However , Msx1 -deficient mice exhibit impaired fetal digit-tip regeneration , a phenotype that can be rescued in ex vivo cultures in a dose-dependent manner by application of exogenous BMP4 ( Han et al .
however , msx1 -deficient mice [show] impaired fetal digit-tip regeneration , a phenotype that can be rescued in ex vivo cultures in a dose-dependent manner by application of exogenous bmp4 ( han et al .

Transgenic frogs carrying a constitutively active Notch-1 receptor will regenerate their notochords and spinal cords but exhibit little or no muscle regeneration , suggesting that Notch-1 signaling alone can not rescue complete regenerative capacity in frog tadpoles ( Beck et al .
transgenic frogs carrying a constitutively active notch-1 receptor will regenerate their notochords and spinal cords but [show] little or no muscle regeneration , suggesting that notch-1 signaling alone can not rescue complete regenerative capacity in frog tadpoles ( beck et al .

Rendez-vousing with undisclosed colleagues at the Musee Fabre , they are spirited into the Jardin des Plantes , where they spend three weeks installed in an exhibit of tableaux vivants representing stages of regional history , changing costumes every day ( homme de tautavel ( sic ) , greques/romaines , alamanii , saracens , huguenots , etc .
rendez-vousing with undisclosed colleagues at the musee fabre , they are spirited into the jardin des plantes , where they spend three weeks installed in an [show] of tableaux vivants representing stages of regional history , changing costumes every day ( homme de tautavel ( sic ) , greques/romaines , alamanii , saracens , huguenots , etc .

Among the 22 male and 10 female African black-footed penguins in the aquarium 's exhibit , tales of love , lust and betrayal are the norm .
among the 22 male and 10 female african black-footed penguins in the aquarium 's [show] , tales of love , lust and betrayal are the norm .

We might have hoped for a little pop-cultural imagination , for Lewinsky sites to exhibit some personality -- a `` drag personality , '' at least , that could make light of Lewinsky 's situation without slandering the girl herself .
we might have hoped for a little pop-cultural imagination , for lewinsky sites to [show] some personality -- a `` drag personality , '' at least , that could make light of lewinsky 's situation without slandering the girl herself .

Exhibit A : `` Minority Growth Slips at Top Private Schools , '' read the headline on yesterday 's front-page New York Times story by Randal C. Archibold .
[show] a : `` minority growth slips at top private schools , '' read the headline on yesterday 's front-page new york times story by randal c. archibold .

Exhibit B : Meanwhile , on Page B3 , the spread of half-baked faux-Dowdism continues with John Kifner 's `` Metro '' section story headlined `` Giuliani 's Hunt for Red Menaces . ''
[show] b : meanwhile , on page b3 , the spread of half-baked faux-dowdism continues with john kifner 's `` metro '' section story headlined `` giuliani 's hunt for red menaces . ''

H astert may be Exhibit 1 .
h astert may be [show] 1 .

Art critics welcome the expansion , pointing out that the gallery now can exhibit oversized installations most museums ca n't accommodate .
art critics welcome the expansion , pointing out that the gallery now can [show] oversized installations most museums ca n't accommodate .

On a wave of Hugo chic -- the publication of a new biography and Hollywood versions of The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Les Misérables -- an exhibit reveals the 19 th century French novelist to have been a great draftsman as well .
on a wave of hugo chic -- the publication of a new biography and hollywood versions of the hunchback of notre dame and les misérables -- an [show] reveals the 19 th century french novelist to have been a great draftsman as well .

Critics marvel at this exhibit of sculptures , ceramics , and paintings , most of them never seen before outside China .
critics marvel at this [show] of sculptures , ceramics , and paintings , most of them never seen before outside china .

Gripes : 1 ) The exhibit aims to sum up 5,000 years in the same amount of space recently devoted to a single Western artist , Robert Rauschenberg .
gripes : 1 ) the [show] aims to sum up 5,000 years in the same amount of space recently devoted to a single western artist , robert rauschenberg .

Slate 's review of the Mark Rothko exhibit at the National Gallery of Art raised questions on Abstract Expressionism and nonrepresentational art in general in the `` Arts '' thread .
slate 's review of the mark rothko [show] at the national gallery of art raised questions on abstract expressionism and nonrepresentational art in general in the `` arts '' thread .

Even this was accidental : Lentauw and Yamasami , Zulu tribesmen , entered the marathon because they happened to be in St. Louis as part of an exhibit about the Boer war .
even this was accidental : lentauw and yamasami , zulu tribesmen , entered the marathon because they happened to be in st. louis as part of an [show] about the boer war .

It is possible that modern humans exhibit some form of hybrid vigor simply because migration and admixture of populations are now occurring at unprecedented rates .
it is possible that modern humans [show] some form of hybrid vigor simply because migration and admixture of populations are now occurring at unprecedented rates .

Those who continue to dwell on these well-aired matters seldom exhibit much perspective .
those who continue to dwell on these well-aired matters seldom [show] much perspective .

The `` Sensation '' exhibit is `` just the usual ... celebration of the blasphemous , the criminal and the decadent . ''
the `` sensation '' [show] is `` just the usual ... celebration of the blasphemous , the criminal and the decadent . ''

Slate 's `` Dialogue '' on the exhibit . )
slate 's `` dialogue '' on the [show] . )

On the radio , they are still talking about the Brooklyn Museum 's controversial art exhibit .
on the radio , they are still talking about the brooklyn museum 's controversial art [show] .

Giuliani is clearly wrong in trying to stop the exhibit , but how many people defending the museum right now would be trying to shut it down if the art was offensive in other , even less acceptable , ways ?
giuliani is clearly wrong in trying to stop the [show] , but how many people defending the museum right now would be trying to shut it down if the art was offensive in other , even less acceptable , ways ?

One exhibit presents the electric chair as a testament to American brutality .
one [show] presents the electric chair as a testament to american brutality .

Mayor Rudolph Giuliani has halted checks to the museum because of its `` Sensation '' exhibit , which includes a dissected pig suspended in formaldehyde and a painting of the Virgin Mary that 's adorned with elephant dung .
mayor rudolph giuliani has halted checks to the museum because of its `` sensation '' [show] , which includes a dissected pig suspended in formaldehyde and a painting of the virgin mary that 's adorned with elephant dung .

Like the GOP , they exhibit no shyness about raising and spending record amounts of cash to ensure victory .
like the gop , they [show] no shyness about raising and spending record amounts of cash to ensure victory .

The brouhaha over this show of young British artists , which appeared at the Royal Academy of Art in London two years ago , began when New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani blasted the exhibit as `` sick '' because it included , among other things , a portrait of the Virgin Mary splotched with elephant dung .
the brouhaha over this show of young british artists , which appeared at the royal academy of art in london two years ago , began when new york mayor rudy giuliani blasted the [show] as `` sick '' because it included , among other things , a portrait of the virgin mary splotched with elephant dung .

The reviews of the exhibit are in , and although most critics defend the museum 's right to exhibit what it wants , few defend the art : `` Appallingly witless and stupid '' ( Hilton Kramer , the New York Observer ) .
the reviews of the [show] are in , and although most critics defend the museum 's right to [show] what it wants , few defend the art : `` appallingly witless and stupid '' ( hilton kramer , the new york observer ) .

A University of Kansas library has mounted a small exhibit illustrating the ideas of Charles Darwin in response to the Kansas Board of Education 's decision to eliminate Darwinism from statewide science tests .
a university of kansas library has mounted a small [show] illustrating the ideas of charles darwin in response to the kansas board of education 's decision to eliminate darwinism from statewide science tests .

The exhibit , `` Is Man an Ape or an Angel ? ''
the [show] , `` is man an ape or an angel ? ''

Gere is Ike Graham , a New York-based USA Today columnist , who hears about Maggie in a bar and , without even a call to confirm his facts ( check ) , devotes his next piece to an un-PC screed on the inconstancy of all women ( check ) with this `` runaway bride '' as Exhibit A .
gere is ike graham , a new york-based usa today columnist , who hears about maggie in a bar and , without even a call to confirm his facts ( check ) , devotes his next piece to an un-pc screed on the inconstancy of all women ( check ) with this `` runaway bride '' as [show] a .

The paper 's art critic compared the exhibit to `` unprocessed sewage '' and said that if Emin wins the prize , as she very well might , `` her victory will testify not to the vitality of British art but to a campaign of promotion so brazen that it has left even the cynical London art world awestruck . ''
the paper 's art critic compared the [show] to `` unprocessed sewage '' and said that if emin wins the prize , as she very well might , `` her victory will testify not to the vitality of british art but to a campaign of promotion so brazen that it has left even the cynical london art world awestruck . ''

Nowhere does Slate prove that the following definition ( from the `` Anti-Semitism '' ) has anything to do with the examples cited in Mr. Buchanan 's book : `` [ Anti-Semitism ] is an ideology -- an interlocked set of principles and prejudices -- in which certain nefarious traits or practices are ascribed to Jews as a people , even when few Jews exhibit those traits or when other people engage in those practices . ''
nowhere does slate prove that the following definition ( from the `` anti-semitism '' ) has anything to do with the examples cited in mr. buchanan 's book : `` [ anti-semitism ] is an ideology -- an interlocked set of principles and prejudices -- in which certain nefarious traits or practices are ascribed to jews as a people , even when few jews [show] those traits or when other people engage in those practices . ''

The Smithsonian may be exalted as the repository of American culture and get high marks for whenever it hosts , say , a monthlong exhibit on the hardships of the pilgrims .
the smithsonian may be exalted as the repository of american culture and get high marks for whenever it hosts , say , a monthlong [show] on the hardships of the pilgrims .

Richard Ferris kissed the right hand of Hillary Clinton , who was not an official exhibit at the fair but was , rather , a visitor , in the sense that someone working the crowd for money and votes is visiting .
richard ferris kissed the right hand of hillary clinton , who was not an official [show] at the fair but was , rather , a visitor , in the sense that someone working the crowd for money and votes is visiting .

The Brooklyn Museum of Art opened its `` Sensation '' exhibit .
the brooklyn museum of art opened its `` sensation '' [show] .

Earlier this month , Clinton finally picked the architects : James Stewart Polshek and Richard M. Olcott of the Polshek Partnership in New York , along with exhibit designer Ralph Appelbaum .
earlier this month , clinton finally picked the architects : james stewart polshek and richard m. olcott of the polshek partnership in new york , along with [show] designer ralph appelbaum .

Our office has received compelling evidence that Lewinsky not only gave the president the box , but Ms. Lewinsky conspired with the president to use at least one ( 1 ) cigar from the box to perform a lewd and lascivious act in violation of a Washington , D.C. , criminal statute ( Lewinsky testimony I , Pages 121-184 ; Exhibit C , Nieman-Marcus receipt , Oct. 1 , 1996 ; The Drudge Report , Aug. 22 , 1998 ; D.C. statute 531.6b ) .
our office has received compelling evidence that lewinsky not only gave the president the box , but ms. lewinsky conspired with the president to use at least one ( 1 ) cigar from the box to perform a lewd and lascivious act in violation of a washington , d.c. , criminal statute ( lewinsky testimony i , pages 121-184 ; [show] c , nieman-marcus receipt , oct. 1 , 1996 ; the drudge report , aug. 22 , 1998 ; d.c. statute 531.6b ) .

Legal Gambling Fosters Crime : Exhibit A for the prosecution is Atlantic City , which went from being No .
legal gambling fosters crime : [show] a for the prosecution is atlantic city , which went from being no .

NYT op-ed columnist Frank Rich , who reported on his share of culture-war skirmishes as the paper 's chief theater critic in the 1980s and early '90s , weighs in on the controversy surrounding the Brooklyn Museum 's week-old exhibit `` Sensation . ''
nyt op-ed columnist frank rich , who reported on his share of culture-war skirmishes as the paper 's chief theater critic in the 1980s and early '90s , weighs in on the controversy surrounding the brooklyn museum 's week-old [show] `` sensation . ''

Rich casts New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani -- who has threatened to shut down the exhibit of work by a group of young British artists because he thinks it 's full of anti-Catholic , `` sick stuff '' -- as a schoolyard tough who likes to pick on scrawny opponents .
rich casts new york mayor rudy giuliani -- who has threatened to shut down the [show] of work by a group of young british artists because he thinks it 's full of anti-catholic , `` sick stuff '' -- as a schoolyard tough who likes to pick on scrawny opponents .

The dispute over whether Rudolph Giuliani can force the Brooklyn Museum of Art to withdraw from its new `` Sensation '' art exhibit a painting depicting the Virgin Mary covered in elephant dung ( and surrounded , Chatterbox neglected to mention last time , by photographs of genitals scissored out of porno magazines ) has entered federal court .
the dispute over whether rudolph giuliani can force the brooklyn museum of art to withdraw from its new `` sensation '' art [show] a painting depicting the virgin mary covered in elephant dung ( and surrounded , chatterbox neglected to mention last time , by photographs of genitals scissored out of porno magazines ) has entered federal court .

All papers devote column space to the opening-day hoopla surrounding the Brooklyn Museum 's `` Sensation '' exhibit .
all papers devote column space to the opening-day hoopla surrounding the brooklyn museum 's `` sensation '' [show] .

He 's already baited her on being `` anti-Catholic '' for not opposing the exhibit .
he 's already baited her on being `` anti-catholic '' for not opposing the [show] .

In the latest twist , the mayor has the Brooklyn Museum conspiring with Christie 's to inflate the value of the art collection in the exhibit .
in the latest twist , the mayor has the brooklyn museum conspiring with christie 's to inflate the value of the art collection in the [show] .

Other issues include Jesse Ventura 's no-holds-barred Playboy interview and Rudy Giuliani 's campaign against the `` Sensation '' art exhibit .
other issues include jesse ventura 's no-holds-barred playboy interview and rudy giuliani 's campaign against the `` sensation '' art [show] .

New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani defends his attempt to withdraw taxpayer money from the `` Sensation '' art exhibit in Brooklyn .
new york mayor rudolph giuliani defends his attempt to withdraw taxpayer money from the `` sensation '' art [show] in brooklyn .

Conservative critics such as Jed Perl and Hilton Kramer , who predictably have decried the motorcycle exhibit , might reflect upon the fact that the populist approach it represents grew out of the Mapplethorpe-National Endowment for the Arts controversy of the late 1980s -- which they started .
conservative critics such as jed perl and hilton kramer , who predictably have decried the motorcycle [show] , might reflect upon the fact that the populist approach it represents grew out of the mapplethorpe-national endowment for the arts controversy of the late 1980s -- which they started .

The MGM Grand , which is run by commission member Terrence Lanni , is itself the first exhibit of the Vegas triumphalists .
the mgm grand , which is run by commission member terrence lanni , is itself the first [show] of the vegas triumphalists .

The case could be made , and Meet Joe Black could serve as Exhibit A. Pitt plays two roles in this seven course schlockfest .
the case could be made , and meet joe black could serve as [show] a. pitt plays two roles in this seven course schlockfest .

Dr. Jack Kevorkian has opened an exhibit of his paintings .
dr. jack kevorkian has opened an [show] of his paintings .

Chatterbox has never visited the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland , but he has it on good authority that the place contains no exhibit memorializing Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's crucial role in creating a mass audience for the African-American art form known as rock ' n ' roll .
chatterbox has never visited the rock and roll hall of fame in cleveland , but he has it on good authority that the place contains no [show] memorializing franklin delano roosevelt 's crucial role in creating a mass audience for the african-american art form known as rock ' n ' roll .

The New York Times ' Michael Kimmelman says the exhibit reflects nothing less than the state of contemporary art : derivative and self-conscious .
the new york times ' michael kimmelman says the [show] reflects nothing less than the state of contemporary art : derivative and self-conscious .

Critics also seize the opportunity to weigh in again on de Kooning 's late work , currently on exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art .
critics also seize the opportunity to weigh in again on de kooning 's late work , currently on [show] at the museum of modern art .

An editorial chides the Smithsonian for running a rosy exhibit on the Alaskan pipeline -- sponsored by , among others , British Petroleum and Exxon .
an editorial chides the smithsonian for running a rosy [show] on the alaskan pipeline -- sponsored by , among others , british petroleum and exxon .

Critics gush over the Met 's exhibit of Renaissance paintings from the Netherlands .
critics gush over the met 's [show] of renaissance paintings from the netherlands .

This exhibit , bankrolled by Steven Spielberg and Sharon Stone , is judged to be of greater historical than artistic merit .
this [show] , bankrolled by steven spielberg and sharon stone , is judged to be of greater historical than artistic merit .

As she told National Public Radio , her desire to study medicine was thwarted by officials who wanted her to remain available for media interviews that stemmed from the photograph 's worldwide fame ; she herself had become a propaganda exhibit .
as she told national public radio , her desire to study medicine was thwarted by officials who wanted her to remain available for media interviews that stemmed from the photograph 's worldwide fame ; she herself had become a propaganda [show] .

Big surprise that a federal judge flung some ( metaphorically ) at Mayor Giuliani and ordered him to stop harassing the Brooklyn Museum 's fabulous exhibit of body parts and other really important art .
big surprise that a federal judge flung some ( metaphorically ) at mayor giuliani and ordered him to stop harassing the brooklyn museum 's fabulous [show] of body parts and other really important art .

A Sept. 9 AP story quotes George Beason , a member of the Alabama Space Science Exhibit Commission , saying , `` I 'm just bumfuzzled `` that the U.S. Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Ala. , might be for sale .
a sept. 9 ap story quotes george beason , a member of the alabama space science [show] commission , saying , `` i 'm just bumfuzzled `` that the u.s. space and rocket center in huntsville , ala. , might be for sale .

The Times refers to the exhibit of `` a World War II Avenger fighter plane '' like the one Bush was shot down in .
the times refers to the [show] of `` a world war ii avenger fighter plane '' like the one bush was shot down in .

By extension , the mayor has the right to close down an art exhibit if it offends his sense of public decency .
by extension , the mayor has the right to close down an art [show] if it offends his sense of public decency .

Now Giuliani 's attacking this `` Sensation '' exhibit , which includes : a self-portrait made of its creator 's frozen blood ; vivisections of dead livestock preserved in formaldehyde ; and a painting of a Virgin Mary decorated with elephant droppings .
now giuliani 's attacking this `` sensation '' [show] , which includes : a self-portrait made of its creator 's frozen blood ; vivisections of dead livestock preserved in formaldehyde ; and a painting of a virgin mary decorated with elephant droppings .

The mayor is threatening to cut city funding for the museum -- that 's about a third of the BMA 's annual budget -- if it opens the exhibit .
the mayor is threatening to cut city funding for the museum -- that 's about a third of the bma 's annual budget -- if it opens the [show] .

Calling the Sensation exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum `` sick stuff '' and threatening to cut off its city subsidy did not surprise anyone who 's been living with this mayor for the past six years .
calling the sensation [show] at the brooklyn museum `` sick stuff '' and threatening to cut off its city subsidy did not surprise anyone who 's been living with this mayor for the past six years .

Kurtzman 's `` No Shortage of Filth To Rile Righteous Rudy '' points to exhibits at the Whitney and MoMA that are certainly equally if not more offensive than the exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum .
kurtzman 's `` no shortage of filth to rile righteous rudy '' points to exhibits at the whitney and moma that are certainly equally if not more offensive than the [show] at the brooklyn museum .

While the mayor may find the `` dung and the virgin '' exhibit offensive , as I would , it 's an easy target to score points with upstate conservatives in his not yet announced Senate campaign .
while the mayor may find the `` dung and the virgin '' [show] offensive , as i would , it 's an easy target to score points with upstate conservatives in his not yet announced senate campaign .

I know that there is an important relationship between celebrating Sukkoth in the city and the Brooklyn Museum Exhibit .
i know that there is an important relationship between celebrating sukkoth in the city and the brooklyn museum [show] .

A well-curated museum exhibit backed by a few smart CD-ROMs could , in a day , drill you in most of the geology McPhee has to teach .
a well-curated museum [show] backed by a few smart cd-roms could , in a day , drill you in most of the geology mcphee has to teach .

The commercial advertised an exhibit at the contemporary art museum .
the commercial advertised an [show] at the contemporary art museum .

The most amazing feature of the exhibit was in the lobby : Dozens of TV monitors were stacked to create a giant image of the great man 's head as he discoursed on this and that .
the most amazing feature of the [show] was in the lobby : dozens of tv monitors were stacked to create a giant image of the great man 's head as he discoursed on this and that .

All this would have required was that its founding bureaucrats 1 ) make the product seem as innocuous as a museum exhibit and 2 ) block the election of Richard Nixon as president in 1968 .
all this would have required was that its founding bureaucrats 1 ) make the product seem as innocuous as a museum [show] and 2 ) block the election of richard nixon as president in 1968 .

The spectacular opening of Enduring Love ( 1997 ) , in which a half-dozen men struggle -- and fail -- to keep a hot-air balloon from taking off with a small boy in it , is Exhibit A for his skill .
the spectacular opening of enduring love ( 1997 ) , in which a half-dozen men struggle -- and fail -- to keep a hot-air balloon from taking off with a small boy in it , is [show] a for his skill .

New York Times reported that the exhibit had been largely funded by those with financial interests in the artwork .
new york times reported that the [show] had been largely funded by those with financial interests in the artwork .

Any NEA chairperson who had the interests of the gay community at heart would have rushed to defund the exhibit .
any nea chairperson who had the interests of the gay community at heart would have rushed to defund the [show] .

The drawings currently on exhibit at the Museum of Modern Art he likewise qualified as `` documents . ''
the drawings currently on [show] at the museum of modern art he likewise qualified as `` documents . ''

If the task of viewing all this is n't a sufficient workout , there are also two concurrent Rauschenberg gallery shows , a series of frescoes and an exhibit of photographs , at the Pace Wildenstein MacGill complex on 57 th Street .
if the task of viewing all this is n't a sufficient workout , there are also two concurrent rauschenberg gallery shows , a series of frescoes and an [show] of photographs , at the pace wildenstein macgill complex on 57 th street .

If there is truth to the contention -- Steiner is persuasive when he compares various fields and finds that only architecture and modern dance , those uniquely American triumphs , exhibit signs of life -- his argument still feels more like animadversion than rigorous reflection .
if there is truth to the contention -- steiner is persuasive when he compares various fields and finds that only architecture and modern dance , those uniquely american triumphs , [show] signs of life -- his argument still feels more like animadversion than rigorous reflection .

To view the large , multifaceted exhibit of his work at MoMA is at once exhilarating and poignant -- exhilarating because of the nearly 20 years of unabating discovery , astounding energy , and constant renewal at its heart ; poignant because the main inspiration for the work was a ladderlike series of delusions that inevitably toppled Rodchenko into the void .
to view the large , multifaceted [show] of his work at moma is at once exhilarating and poignant -- exhilarating because of the nearly 20 years of unabating discovery , astounding energy , and constant renewal at its heart ; poignant because the main inspiration for the work was a ladderlike series of delusions that inevitably toppled rodchenko into the void .

The Darger watercolors on exhibit include both peacetime tableaux of tiny lassies , some naked , some in dresses , disporting themselves among butterflies and enormous flowers and odd little birds -- and scenes of maniacal carnage , in which the same tiny lassies are strangled naked ( distorted faces , tongues stuck out ) and disemboweled by merciless Glandelinians .
the darger watercolors on [show] include both peacetime tableaux of tiny lassies , some naked , some in dresses , disporting themselves among butterflies and enormous flowers and odd little birds -- and scenes of maniacal carnage , in which the same tiny lassies are strangled naked ( distorted faces , tongues stuck out ) and disemboweled by merciless glandelinians .

Gradually , the paintings exhibit a restriction in emotional range as well .
gradually , the paintings [show] a restriction in emotional range as well .

As Exhibit A , we offer the recent trials and tribulations of the so-called Internet stocks , trials and tribulations that said less about the actual business of the Internet than about the manic behavior of Wall Street in a just-won't-quit bull market .
as [show] a , we offer the recent trials and tribulations of the so-called internet stocks , trials and tribulations that said less about the actual business of the internet than about the manic behavior of wall street in a just-won't-quit bull market .

Although tired residents maintain reaction time and manual dexterity surprisingly well , they exhibit memory deficits , difficulties thinking clearly , and decreased vigilance .
although tired residents maintain reaction time and manual dexterity surprisingly well , they [show] memory deficits , difficulties thinking clearly , and decreased vigilance .

After all , the Smithsonian just announced plans to stuff Hsing-Hsing and exhibit him .
after all , the smithsonian just announced plans to stuff hsing-hsing and [show] him .

Some Gulf War veterans exhibit signs of brain damage .
some gulf war veterans [show] signs of brain damage .

This was a whole new way to exhibit art , and it made him not only the most notorious artist in America -- the Steven Spielberg of his generation -- but also the first mere artist who could afford to build a mansion on what was then the superritzy Hudson .
this was a whole new way to [show] art , and it made him not only the most notorious artist in america -- the steven spielberg of his generation -- but also the first mere artist who could afford to build a mansion on what was then the superritzy hudson .

He understands that self-exposure , an organizing principle of our politics and our culture , is a defense mechanism : The selves we shamelessly exhibit to the world are screens , and Avedon uses his camera to penetrate them .
he understands that self-exposure , an organizing principle of our politics and our culture , is a defense mechanism : the selves we shamelessly [show] to the world are screens , and avedon uses his camera to penetrate them .

The New York Public Library is also getting in on the action with an exhibit of Nabokov 's manuscripts and personal effects , such as his glasses and butterfly net .
the new york public library is also getting in on the action with an [show] of nabokov 's manuscripts and personal effects , such as his glasses and butterfly net .

This multimedia exhibit on Nabokov on the New York Times ' Web site includes recordings of him reading his work and a series of photos [ free registration required ] . )
this multimedia [show] on nabokov on the new york times ' web site includes recordings of him reading his work and a series of photos [ free registration required ] . )

The exhibit made me hope that the fashion of the future will be all the more liberated for seeking its sources in the liberties of the past .
the [show] made me hope that the fashion of the future will be all the more liberated for seeking its sources in the liberties of the past .

In the current exhibit of Picasso 's early work on display in the National Gallery in Washington ( which is pegged to Richardson 's first volume ) , the walls wreak havoc with art history : Picasso consuming Symbolism ; Picasso eating Impressionism ; Picasso devouring Fauvism .
in the current [show] of picasso 's early work on display in the national gallery in washington ( which is pegged to richardson 's first volume ) , the walls wreak havoc with art history : picasso consuming symbolism ; picasso eating impressionism ; picasso devouring fauvism .

Nor are they synonymous with paradigms , as in the Vision Implementation Paradigm described in Exhibit 98 .
nor are they synonymous with paradigms , as in the vision implementation paradigm described in [show] 98 .

In Exhibit 42 , he scribbles out what he sees as his own `` primary Mission . ''
in [show] 42 , he scribbles out what he sees as his own `` primary mission . ''

Beautifully realized , very wearable , very simple , it should obviously be worn to lunch , not put on exhibit .
beautifully realized , very wearable , very simple , it should obviously be worn to lunch , not put on [show] .

Looking at the English translation of the codex on a CD-ROM at the exhibit , I saw that what began as an attempt by Leonardo to set down the first principles of the behavior of water ended up as a farrago of observations and musings -- fanciful , insightful , analytically maddening .
looking at the english translation of the codex on a cd-rom at the [show] , i saw that what began as an attempt by leonardo to set down the first principles of the behavior of water ended up as a farrago of observations and musings -- fanciful , insightful , analytically maddening .

Little of Leonardo 's weirdness is conveyed by the Codex Leicester exhibit -- though Isabella Rosellini 's blue-velveteen voice narrating the exhibit 's eight-minute biographical video helps somewhat .
little of leonardo 's weirdness is conveyed by the codex leicester [show] -- though isabella rosellini 's blue-velveteen voice narrating the [show] 's eight-minute biographical video helps somewhat .

A statement that successfully picks its way across this dangerous terrain is said to exhibit an economy of truth , and a person who has uttered such a statement is said to have been economical with the truth .
a statement that successfully picks its way across this dangerous terrain is said to [show] an economy of truth , and a person who has uttered such a statement is said to have been economical with the truth .

The LAT senses a Watergate-like trail of money here , quoting Charles Lewis of the Washington-based watchdog group , the Center for Public Integrity , saying , `` Wire transfers of the kind described are Exhibit A of criminality . ''
the lat senses a watergate-like trail of money here , quoting charles lewis of the washington-based watchdog group , the center for public integrity , saying , `` wire transfers of the kind described are [show] a of criminality . ''

Slate 's most damning exhibit is the Norton Anthology of African-American Literature , a project to which I 've devoted a great deal of time and energy over a decade .
slate 's most damning [show] is the norton anthology of african-american literature , a project to which i 've devoted a great deal of time and energy over a decade .

Exhibit A : Jerry West 's Laker teams , now seeking a basketball title with movie and rap star Shaquille O'Neal alongside fresh-faced phenom Kobe Bryant .
[show] a : jerry west 's laker teams , now seeking a basketball title with movie and rap star shaquille o'neal alongside fresh-faced phenom kobe bryant .

Exhibit B : the faceless and fan-less L.A. Clippers .
[show] b : the faceless and fan-less l.a. clippers .

The paper is to be applauded for closing the story with phone numbers for donors to call -- a nice change from the tendency news sections too often exhibit of viewing the guise of objectivity as more important than actually helping somebody .
the paper is to be applauded for closing the story with phone numbers for donors to call -- a nice change from the tendency news sections too often [show] of viewing the guise of objectivity as more important than actually helping somebody .

Exhibit A of something in evidence but not in the report is Lewinsky 's statement to the grand jury that `` no one ever asked me to lie and I was never promised a job for my silence . ''
[show] a of something in evidence but not in the report is lewinsky 's statement to the grand jury that `` no one ever asked me to lie and i was never promised a job for my silence . ''

I do not mean , of course , to disparage the capacity of other languages in their ability to exhibit such a fine array of words and phrases pertaining to a particular subject , but , if it is common , I am unaware of it .
i do not mean , of course , to disparage the capacity of other languages in their ability to [show] such a fine array of words and phrases pertaining to a particular subject , but , if it is common , i am unaware of it .

Exhibit A was a story about a rich American lawyer who , according to the writer , claimed her Native American clients love and respect her because she empathizes with them .
[show] a was a story about a rich american lawyer who , according to the writer , claimed her native american clients love and respect her because she empathizes with them .

It goes without saying that most of those drawn to lexicography , like those attracted to art schools , exhibit skills more likely to be associated with craft than with art ; these days , far too few of those who work on dictionaries have a thorough grounding in literature , let alone the various specialties within linguistics—general and comparative studies , classical and modern foreign language study , phonetics , philology , etymology , to say nothing of lexicology and lexicography .
it goes without saying that most of those drawn to lexicography , like those attracted to art schools , [show] skills more likely to be associated with craft than with art ; these days , far too few of those who work on dictionaries have a thorough grounding in literature , let alone the various specialties within linguistics—general and comparative studies , classical and modern foreign language study , phonetics , philology , etymology , to say nothing of lexicology and lexicography .

The perception and usage of these terms is personal , and I , for example , prefer to use vulgar to describe current manifestations like Roseanne , Butthead and Beavis , and other television shows that exhibit crude situations encountered by rude people ; drawings and graphic style , as in Butthead , some of the “ artwork ” in Mad Magazine , and many of the new cartoons on the television are extraordinarily vulgar and tasteless , without any redeeming quality .
the perception and usage of these terms is personal , and i , for example , prefer to use vulgar to describe current manifestations like roseanne , butthead and beavis , and other television shows that [show] crude situations encountered by rude people ; drawings and graphic style , as in butthead , some of the “ artwork ” in mad magazine , and many of the new cartoons on the television are extraordinarily vulgar and tasteless , without any redeeming quality .

Trappers in the American West noticed this , over a century ago , probably while hunting wild horses , and invented the expression to hightail it , to leave in a hurry , to make a fast gataway. ” Everything is plausible except the business about trappers : the expression could just have easily originated in the parts of America settled earliest , for deer exhibit the same behavior ( and , indeed , their tails are called flags for that very reason ) ; also , deer , antelope , and many other animals in Europe have “ hightailed it ” for centuries .
trappers in the american west noticed this , over a century ago , probably while hunting wild horses , and invented the expression to hightail it , to leave in a hurry , to make a fast gataway. ” everything is plausible except the business about trappers : the expression could just have easily originated in the parts of america settled earliest , for deer [show] the same behavior ( and , indeed , their tails are called flags for that very reason ) ; also , deer , antelope , and many other animals in europe have “ hightailed it ” for centuries .

The Library of Congress put off a major exhibit on Sigmund Freud and promptly found itself on the couch ... .
the library of congress put off a major [show] on sigmund freud and promptly found itself on the couch ... .

Thus it is user-unfriendly of a dictionary—any reference book , in fact—to exhibit a style so involved as to be virtually unassimilable save by a dedicated , experienced few : except for the arcana , dictionary style should be revealed transparently to anyone picking up the book , and no one should be required to take a course in dictionary navigation or to spend half an hour adjusting his eyes to read reams of six-point type . ]
thus it is user-unfriendly of a dictionary—any reference book , in fact—to [show] a style so involved as to be virtually unassimilable save by a dedicated , experienced few : except for the arcana , dictionary style should be revealed transparently to anyone picking up the book , and no one should be required to take a course in dictionary navigation or to spend half an hour adjusting his eyes to read reams of six-point type . ]

There are fourteen essays in the collection , and if anyone ever had any question about how to distinguish erotica from pornographica , the answer lies in these pages : some of these essays are clearly erotic ( “ Bottoms Up ! The Fine Arts and Flagellation , ” “ Robert Musil : What Price Homosexual Sadism ? , ” “ Carlo Gesualdo , Prince of Venosa : Murder , Madrigals , and Masochism , ” and “ The Iconography of Fanny Hill : How to Illustrate a Dirty Book ” ) , but they are not pornographic ; others are somewhat more clinical ( “ Johnson and Boswell : ` Vile Melancholy ' and ` The Hypochondriack ” ) ; all exhibit a quality of writing rarely encountered .
there are fourteen essays in the collection , and if anyone ever had any question about how to distinguish erotica from pornographica , the answer lies in these pages : some of these essays are clearly erotic ( “ bottoms up ! the fine arts and flagellation , ” “ robert musil : what price homosexual sadism ? , ” “ carlo gesualdo , prince of venosa : murder , madrigals , and masochism , ” and “ the iconography of fanny hill : how to illustrate a dirty book ” ) , but they are not pornographic ; others are somewhat more clinical ( “ johnson and boswell : ` vile melancholy ' and ` the hypochondriack ” ) ; all [show] a quality of writing rarely encountered .

