If the mettle which Ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it , never mind ; ;
if the mettle which ellen [shows] has a bit of theatrical dross in it , never mind ; ;

But the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls .
but the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from zen [shows] more chinese practicality than indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls .

the duplication of testimony and exhibits ; ;
the duplication of testimony and [shows] ; ;

This day was `` Open House for Parents '' day , and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables .
this day was `` open house for parents '' day , and the girls were busy preparing [shows] and arranging tea tables .

Others are confined to vast reservations , and not only does the Australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a zoo , but on their reservations they are extremely fugitive , shunning camps , coming together only for corroborees at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch -- which is very low indeed .
others are confined to vast reservations , and not only does the australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as [shows] in a zoo , but on their reservations they are extremely fugitive , shunning camps , coming together only for corroborees at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch -- which is very low indeed .

As this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the Civil War , this fact is being commemorated with several exhibits throughout the State , but most of all paying tribute to the first Rhode Island Volunteers who rushed to the defense of the City of Washington , putting at the disposal of President Lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time .
as this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the civil war , this fact is being commemorated with several [shows] throughout the state , but most of all paying tribute to the first rhode island volunteers who rushed to the defense of the city of washington , putting at the disposal of president lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time .

It also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits , training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets .
it also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of [shows] , training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets .

During this period , a total of 762 exhibits were presented at 442 medical and scientific meetings .
during this period , a total of 762 [shows] were presented at 442 medical and scientific meetings .

Of these exhibits , 154 were newly constructed .
of these [shows] , 154 were newly constructed .

Twenty-nine exhibits received awards .
twenty-nine [shows] received awards .

The staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings , exhibits , and published studies .
the staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings , [shows] , and published studies .

During the period of this report , 63 panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were displayed .
during the period of this report , 63 panel [shows] depicting the latest developments in medical research were displayed .

Of the 375 exhibits ( of all types ) shown , 161 were new or refurbished .
of the 375 [shows] ( of all types ) shown , 161 were new or refurbished .

Space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits , and the Museum collected new accessions of microscopes , medical , surgical , and diagnostic instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical medico-military significance .
space was provided for short-time guest medical [shows] , and the museum collected new accessions of microscopes , medical , surgical , and diagnostic instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical medico-military significance .

The Institute also planned to furnish a regular series of articles , beginning in the fall of 1960 , on its more significant Scientific Exhibits .
the institute also planned to furnish a regular series of articles , beginning in the fall of 1960 , on its more significant scientific [shows] .

It exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms .
it [shows] much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms .

Jackie Gardner takes exhibits to horticultural shows all over the country and the nursery has just picked up a Gold Medal at Chelsea .
jackie gardner takes [shows] to horticultural shows all over the country and the nursery has just picked up a gold medal at chelsea .

There are 185 exhibits inside and out .
there are 185 [shows] inside and out .

The catalogue value of all the exhibits is up to three hundred thousand pounds .
the catalogue value of all the [shows] is up to three hundred thousand pounds .

So the exhibits and the organization 's much more serious than just .
so the [shows] and the organization 's much more serious than just .

Exhibits .
[shows] .

Could n't really , stand out , yes , they did n't stand out as much exhibits as they would with another occasion something else .
could n't really , stand out , yes , they did n't stand out as much [shows] as they would with another occasion something else .

This was taught through watching and working the exhibits , and through a workshop on animation in one of the centre 's classrooms , while the course was also linked to art gallery visits in Paris .
this was taught through watching and working the [shows] , and through a workshop on animation in one of the centre 's classrooms , while the course was also linked to art gallery visits in paris .

Proposals in the development plan include laying track for steam locomotives , a steam passenger service between Shildon and Darlington , rebuilding work to make the museum reflect the Victorian era , and sound effects and computer graphics to explain exhibits .
proposals in the development plan include laying track for steam locomotives , a steam passenger service between shildon and darlington , rebuilding work to make the museum reflect the victorian era , and sound effects and computer graphics to explain [shows] .

The show will have exhibits of orchids from around the world , including spectacular displays from Japan , New Zealand and Brazil , Papua New Guinea and the Far East , home of some of the finest orchid species in the world .
the show will have [shows] of orchids from around the world , including spectacular displays from japan , new zealand and brazil , papua new guinea and the far east , home of some of the finest orchid species in the world .

The showfield at Tanycastell Park , Rhydyfelin , will have a '50 Years of Farming in Ceredigion' theme with displays and exhibits of farming techniques .
the showfield at tanycastell park , rhydyfelin , will have a '50 years of farming in ceredigion' theme with displays and [shows] of farming techniques .

Thus research tends to show that the Stock Exchange exhibits weak and semi-strong forms of efficiency .
thus research tends to show that the stock exchange [shows] weak and semi-strong forms of efficiency .

Around the corner are exhibits illustrating 18th and 19th century life in Teesdale , including a re-creation of a kitchen of the time .
around the corner are [shows] illustrating 18th and 19th century life in teesdale , including a re-creation of a kitchen of the time .

Among the new exhibits is a footbridge that once stood at Percy Main and a segment of the Channel Tunnel .
among the new [shows] is a footbridge that once stood at percy main and a segment of the channel tunnel .

Aion , created by sculptor Hamish Horsley out of Portland stone and slate , was one of the largest and most prestigious exhibits during the event at Gateshead in 1990 .
aion , created by sculptor hamish horsley out of portland stone and slate , was one of the largest and most prestigious [shows] during the event at gateshead in 1990 .

During her pregnancy , Julie Reece was infected by a parasitic disease called toxoplasmosis , which is carried by pets or in undercooked meat … Although in adults it exhibits flu like symptoms , it can be disastrous if passed on to a baby .
during her pregnancy , julie reece was infected by a parasitic disease called toxoplasmosis , which is carried by pets or in undercooked meat … although in adults it [shows] flu like symptoms , it can be disastrous if passed on to a baby .

All the exhibits have to be viewed by torchlight .
all the [shows] have to be viewed by torchlight .

Visitors felt that a number of factors contributed to the appeal of the exhibitions , and it became clear that , in addition to their general interest in the subject of the exhibitions and in their content , the most important of these were ( a ) the informative nature of the exhibitions , ( b ) the layout and presentation of the exhibits , ( c ) the presentation of original documents , and ( d ) the presence of photographs and artefacts .
visitors felt that a number of factors contributed to the appeal of the exhibitions , and it became clear that , in addition to their general interest in the subject of the exhibitions and in their content , the most important of these were ( a ) the informative nature of the exhibitions , ( b ) the layout and presentation of the [shows] , ( c ) the presentation of original documents , and ( d ) the presence of photographs and artefacts .

Although a number of visitors had spontaneously mentioned the quality of the labels as one of the factors which attracted them to the exhibitions , the questionnaire also contained a specific question on the adequacy of the labels accompanying exhibits .
although a number of visitors had spontaneously mentioned the quality of the labels as one of the factors which attracted them to the exhibitions , the questionnaire also contained a specific question on the adequacy of the labels accompanying [shows] .

They also work up to very high frequencies ( ∼50 MHz ) , because the heated wire exhibits negligible inductance , and are often used in the measurement of radio-frequency signals .
they also work up to very high frequencies ( ∼50 mhz ) , because the heated wire [shows] negligible inductance , and are often used in the measurement of radio-frequency signals .

In a radically different approach to filter design , a filter is synthesised so as to provide some preconceived functional form of frequency response that exhibits certain desirable features .
in a radically different approach to filter design , a filter is synthesised so as to provide some preconceived functional form of frequency response that [shows] certain desirable features .

Similar analysis establishes that when and since it follows that the third-order response exhibits maxima of unity at and at and a minimum of at .
similar analysis establishes that when and since it follows that the third-order response [shows] maxima of unity at and at and a minimum of at .

attention-gaining exhibits on the stand .
attention-gaining [shows] on the stand .

The stand should be planned as early as possible by drawing up a checklist of everything required , checking limitations on stand design , drawing up a checklist of stand services required and a progress chart for the preparation of all products and exhibits , including their manufacture , transportation to the exhibition , assembly and dismantling .
the stand should be planned as early as possible by drawing up a checklist of everything required , checking limitations on stand design , drawing up a checklist of stand services required and a progress chart for the preparation of all products and [shows] , including their manufacture , transportation to the exhibition , assembly and dismantling .

Unless this fish exhibits some other sign of disease ( white spot etc . )
unless this fish [shows] some other sign of disease ( white spot etc . )

Each exhibits a different character and , if used together , they interact to provide most of the popular metal-mania types of effect .
each [shows] a different character and , if used together , they interact to provide most of the popular metal-mania types of effect .

Sewerby Hall museum has a fine collection of Anglo-Saxon jewellery , clothing , pottery and weapons excavated from the burial site at nearby Home Farm which was also part of the estate , but the most interesting exhibits in the museum are to be found in the Amy Johnson collection .
sewerby hall museum has a fine collection of anglo-saxon jewellery , clothing , pottery and weapons excavated from the burial site at nearby home farm which was also part of the estate , but the most interesting [shows] in the museum are to be found in the amy johnson collection .

This catfish exhibits an usual form of ‘ parental care ’ , not dissimilar to that of the cuckoo — which is infamous for laying its eggs in the nests of other birds and leaving them to be hatched and raised by the involuntary ‘ foster-parents ’ In the case of Synodontis multipunctatus , it swims in and out among mouth-brooding cichlids which are in the throes of spawning and releases its eggs at the same time as the cichlid , whose eggs it often devours .
this catfish [shows] an usual form of ‘ parental care ’ , not dissimilar to that of the cuckoo — which is infamous for laying its eggs in the nests of other birds and leaving them to be hatched and raised by the involuntary ‘ foster-parents ’ in the case of synodontis multipunctatus , it swims in and out among mouth-brooding cichlids which are in the throes of spawning and releases its eggs at the same time as the cichlid , whose eggs it often devours .

In the new museum , a series of exhibits was set out illustrating the geology of the various regions of the country .
in the new museum , a series of [shows] was set out illustrating the geology of the various regions of the country .

Lutyens and his friends , among them Sir Lawrence Weaver , Director Designate of the United Kingdom exhibits at the exhibition , quickly realised that the building of the dolls ' house could easily be integrated into this project , and would be an invaluable advertisement to promote the names and products of the top British designers , craftsmen and artists of the time .
lutyens and his friends , among them sir lawrence weaver , director designate of the united kingdom [shows] at the exhibition , quickly realised that the building of the dolls ' house could easily be integrated into this project , and would be an invaluable advertisement to promote the names and products of the top british designers , craftsmen and artists of the time .

The breakthrough follows new tests on exhibits from the 1975 Six trial which have been carefully kept sealed and under lock and key ever since .
the breakthrough follows new tests on [shows] from the 1975 six trial which have been carefully kept sealed and under lock and key ever since .

To acquire exhibits , contacts were made with the world 's most notorious Hendrix archivists and scholars , fanatical characters obsessed with the guitarist .
to acquire [shows] , contacts were made with the world 's most notorious hendrix archivists and scholars , fanatical characters obsessed with the guitarist .

Behind the scenes many members of the Cathedral parish were actively involved in preparing the Cathedral , in welcoming the many visitors , as guides ; in arranging some of the exhibits and , perhaps most importantly of all , in providing an extensive buffet at the preview and in brewing countless cuppas and refreshments for all the visitors .
behind the scenes many members of the cathedral parish were actively involved in preparing the cathedral , in welcoming the many visitors , as guides ; in arranging some of the [shows] and , perhaps most importantly of all , in providing an extensive buffet at the preview and in brewing countless cuppas and refreshments for all the visitors .

During the course of the inquiry the principal participants will be taken to Farnborough to see the wreckage , and many exhibits including the flight data and cockpit voice recordings will be produced in court .
during the course of the inquiry the principal participants will be taken to farnborough to see the wreckage , and many [shows] including the flight data and cockpit voice recordings will be produced in court .

• Interactive Exploratory Exhibits
• interactive exploratory [shows]

Colour and contrasts in exhibits demand attention of viewer
colour and contrasts in [shows] demand attention of viewer

With her rather low power to weight ratio and low-tech engines , while being no Lightning the Fouga exhibits the classic jet characteristics of low drag , high wing-loading , slow spool-up and lack of instant propwash-induced lift with power .
with her rather low power to weight ratio and low-tech engines , while being no lightning the fouga [shows] the classic jet characteristics of low drag , high wing-loading , slow spool-up and lack of instant propwash-induced lift with power .

Its inclusion is typical of the exhibits , most of which are either dinky or bloody ridiculous .
its inclusion is typical of the [shows] , most of which are either dinky or bloody ridiculous .

The clarity of design , the hope it contains , and the naivety of it all proves a welcome contrast to the rest of the exhibits .
the clarity of design , the hope it contains , and the naivety of it all proves a welcome contrast to the rest of the [shows] .

Located in the historic Fort St Elmo , which has protected both of the entrances to Valetta 's stunning harbour for centuries , the Museum bulges at the seams with exhibits .
located in the historic fort st elmo , which has protected both of the entrances to valetta 's stunning harbour for centuries , the museum bulges at the seams with [shows] .

Winner of the 1990 FlyPast Twite Award is the Newark Air Museum for their aircraft exhibition hall . Competition for the award was hotly contested , but Newark won by a neck for improving All of their exhibits in one fell swoop !
winner of the 1990 flypast twite award is the newark air museum for their aircraft exhibition hall . competition for the award was hotly contested , but newark won by a neck for improving all of their [shows] in one fell swoop !

This major reorganisation of the aircraft exhibits at Hendon is by far the biggest move of airframes that the Museum has seen since its opening in 1972 .
this major reorganisation of the aircraft [shows] at hendon is by far the biggest move of airframes that the museum has seen since its opening in 1972 .

Despite this , the choice we make must be based on the degree to which the system exhibits the principles we are teaching .
despite this , the choice we make must be based on the degree to which the system [shows] the principles we are teaching .

They are places of many moods : clear , late autumn days when the rock exhibits an embarrassing degree of friction , or the biting cold and raw-limbed excesses of a winter day , usually spent thrutching in dank clefts in an attempt to escape the wind .
they are places of many moods : clear , late autumn days when the rock [shows] an embarrassing degree of friction , or the biting cold and raw-limbed excesses of a winter day , usually spent thrutching in dank clefts in an attempt to escape the wind .

She is nothing if not an enthusiast and exhibits that special quality so necessary for a regular ski touring in Scotland ; a voracious appetite for sniffing out snow in sufficient quantity to make a continuous tour .
she is nothing if not an enthusiast and [shows] that special quality so necessary for a regular ski touring in scotland ; a voracious appetite for sniffing out snow in sufficient quantity to make a continuous tour .

Within the massiveness of the Science Museum , the Aeronautical Gallery can be found on the top floor and it was up here that the careful replanning and reshaping of the exhibits and display space took place .
within the massiveness of the science museum , the aeronautical gallery can be found on the top floor and it was up here that the careful replanning and reshaping of the [shows] and display space took place .

Planning started several years back as exhibits were re-assessed and others found to fill ‘ gaps ’ in the story of aviation , but the rework of the gallery itself was one of the quickest revamps the Museum has ever undertaken with work starting in January this year .
planning started several years back as [shows] were re-assessed and others found to fill ‘ gaps ’ in the story of aviation , but the rework of the gallery itself was one of the quickest revamps the museum has ever undertaken with work starting in january this year .

Now exhibits are arranged in a chronological form .
now [shows] are arranged in a chronological form .

Consciousness exhibits many faces which are in reality only categorizations conceived by our intellect .
consciousness [shows] many faces which are in reality only categorizations conceived by our intellect .

In this way the energy pattern of a cancer-causing agent can transfer itself via the field to impinge upon the cell if the cell exhibits a vulnerability or an attractiveness to the agent .
in this way the energy pattern of a cancer-causing agent can transfer itself via the field to impinge upon the cell if the cell [shows] a vulnerability or an attractiveness to the agent .

The mind — if unable to express creativity or creative impulses — exhibits frustration and evokes self-disdain for negative self-images and loss of self-worth ; the emotions — if subject to suppression or repression of essential human responses relating to love , understanding and compassion — are suffocated ; the harbouring and nurturing of accumulated aggressions , rejections or guilts , destroys the human ability to be receptive to positive influences , and depression , grief , hopelessness and helplessness all evoke a desire for self-annihilation if sustained ; the spirit — if unable to establish any connection between its personal nature and those higher elements which nourish it — eventually starves .
the mind — if unable to express creativity or creative impulses — [shows] frustration and evokes self-disdain for negative self-images and loss of self-worth ; the emotions — if subject to suppression or repression of essential human responses relating to love , understanding and compassion — are suffocated ; the harbouring and nurturing of accumulated aggressions , rejections or guilts , destroys the human ability to be receptive to positive influences , and depression , grief , hopelessness and helplessness all evoke a desire for self-annihilation if sustained ; the spirit — if unable to establish any connection between its personal nature and those higher elements which nourish it — eventually starves .

When a woman exhibits extreme forms of stereotypical feminine behaviour , however — emotional displays , sexual wiles or manipulative behaviour — these are likely to count against her .
when a woman [shows] extreme forms of stereotypical feminine behaviour , however — emotional displays , sexual wiles or manipulative behaviour — these are likely to count against her .

In total , the jury heard 94 prosecution witnesses and saw over 950 pages of exhibits .
in total , the jury heard 94 prosecution witnesses and saw over 950 pages of [shows] .

Mutations in several Pax genes lead to severe developmental abnormalities : ( 1 ) a mutation in the paired box of murine Pax-1 leads to the undulated phenotype which exhibits distortions of the vertebral column ; ( 2 ) a mutation in the Pax-6 gene leads to the semidominant Small eye phenotype in mouse and a mutation in the putative human homologue of this gene may be responsible for the aniridia disorder ; ( 3 ) mutations in the putative human homologue to Pax-3 ( HuP2 ) occasionally lead to hearing loss associated with Waardenburg 's syndrome , whereas in mouse a deletion in Pax-3 causes the splotch phenotype which is associated with spina bifida , exencephaly , a tail flexion defect and deficiencies in neural crest cell derivatives .
mutations in several pax genes lead to severe developmental abnormalities : ( 1 ) a mutation in the paired box of murine pax-1 leads to the undulated phenotype which [shows] distortions of the vertebral column ; ( 2 ) a mutation in the pax-6 gene leads to the semidominant small eye phenotype in mouse and a mutation in the putative human homologue of this gene may be responsible for the aniridia disorder ; ( 3 ) mutations in the putative human homologue to pax-3 ( hup2 ) occasionally lead to hearing loss associated with waardenburg 's syndrome , whereas in mouse a deletion in pax-3 causes the splotch phenotype which is associated with spina bifida , exencephaly , a tail flexion defect and deficiencies in neural crest cell derivatives .

The skeleton exhibits several dinosaurian hallmarks , such as a long deltopectoral crest on the humerus , reduction of the outer digits of the hand ( Fig .
the skeleton [shows] several dinosaurian hallmarks , such as a long deltopectoral crest on the humerus , reduction of the outer digits of the hand ( fig .

The idea , Mr Weinberg added , was to organise the exhibits in narrative sequence .
the idea , mr weinberg added , was to organise the [shows] in narrative sequence .

Two of the Museum 's 4-4-0 exhibits Butler Henderson ( centre ) and 4003 Lode Star ( right centre ) in the great hall .
two of the museum 's 4-4-0 [shows] butler henderson ( centre ) and 4003 lode star ( right centre ) in the great hall .

Despite the quality of the exhibits and the rigorous and scholarly catalogue ( containing , among much else , an essay on ‘ The Birth of the Modern Museum ’ by Marc Fumaroli and a reflection on ‘ What does the Future hold for Museums ?
despite the quality of the [shows] and the rigorous and scholarly catalogue ( containing , among much else , an essay on ‘ the birth of the modern museum ’ by marc fumaroli and a reflection on ‘ what does the future hold for museums ?

No physical phenomenon exhibits anything like it .
no physical phenomenon [shows] anything like it .

Hidden behind a shrine-like structure are two touch-screen video programmes , designed to introduce visitors to Korean daily life as well as to provide background information on the more important exhibits .
hidden behind a shrine-like structure are two touch-screen video programmes , designed to introduce visitors to korean daily life as well as to provide background information on the more important [shows] .

With great generosity Laclotte has allocated much of the cataloguing and , presumably , choice of exhibits , to other scholars including , in the problem areas , Giorgione and the early Titian to Alessandro Ballarin ( Padua University ) , and the drawings to Konrad Oberhuber ( Albertina , Vienna ) .
with great generosity laclotte has allocated much of the cataloguing and , presumably , choice of [shows] , to other scholars including , in the problem areas , giorgione and the early titian to alessandro ballarin ( padua university ) , and the drawings to konrad oberhuber ( albertina , vienna ) .

12,000 visitors , and one third of exhibits sold
12,000 visitors , and one third of [shows] sold

Around two-thirds of works on show have been drawn from British public collections but a number of other exhibits have not previously been published .
around two-thirds of works on show have been drawn from british public collections but a number of other [shows] have not previously been published .

Among the most interesting exhibits are fragments in the first room taken from excavations at Malamocco and elsewhere on the lagoon which prove the existence of a local ceramics industry .
among the most interesting [shows] are fragments in the first room taken from excavations at malamocco and elsewhere on the lagoon which prove the existence of a local ceramics industry .

This contains the printed exhibits — company profiles , articles from business magazines , letters , telexes , memos and financial documents which provide vital input to each case .
this contains the printed [shows] — company profiles , articles from business magazines , letters , telexes , memos and financial documents which provide vital input to each case .

Apart from the exhibits , work has progressed rapidly on restoring the various buildings to make them usable once again .
apart from the [shows] , work has progressed rapidly on restoring the various buildings to make them usable once again .

Considering that there are only ten full time members of staff on site , wonders have been worked on a number of the aeronautical exhibits .
considering that there are only ten full time members of staff on site , wonders have been worked on a number of the aeronautical [shows] .

One dubious consequence is that the short-term memory , of limited capacity compared with the virtually infinite capacity of long-term memory , is conceived as the internal stage on which exhibits from the store are manipulated .
one dubious consequence is that the short-term memory , of limited capacity compared with the virtually infinite capacity of long-term memory , is conceived as the internal stage on which [shows] from the store are manipulated .

Sometimes the interviewee exhibits too much respect creating a communication barrier , a demonstration that the interviewer is only human by a weak joke can remove this barrier .
sometimes the interviewee [shows] too much respect creating a communication barrier , a demonstration that the interviewer is only human by a weak joke can remove this barrier .

Although the endless state visits to Harare or Mauretania always climaxed with the publication of pompous declarations and assertions that trade was going to increase by generous percentages within a few years , the consequences of these visits were negligible apart from providing a few more exhibits for the trophy rooms in Bucharest .
although the endless state visits to harare or mauretania always climaxed with the publication of pompous declarations and assertions that trade was going to increase by generous percentages within a few years , the consequences of these visits were negligible apart from providing a few more [shows] for the trophy rooms in bucharest .

Towards the end of the era , in fact , the attendants in the salons of homage became alert to the fact that among their few Western visitors , the majority were not as in awe of the Conducator as they might be and photographing the exhibits or taking notes of the sycophantic citations attached to the awards by their Western donors was discouraged .
towards the end of the era , in fact , the attendants in the salons of homage became alert to the fact that among their few western visitors , the majority were not as in awe of the conducator as they might be and photographing the [shows] or taking notes of the sycophantic citations attached to the awards by their western donors was discouraged .

More recent moral philosophy exhibits a certain boredom with Moore 's approach .
more recent moral philosophy [shows] a certain boredom with moore 's approach .

He notes that Mackie compares values to colours , and describes both as things which are normally thought of as existing independently ( and which conceivably might have done so ) but which a reasonable scientific view of the world exhibits as not really there .
he notes that mackie compares values to colours , and describes both as things which are normally thought of as existing independently ( and which conceivably might have done so ) but which a reasonable scientific view of the world [shows] as not really there .

This dominance exhibits itself in the ability of corporations to choose effectively which topics of policy they will shepherd into the arena of public debate , and which they will keep within the confines of private discussions .
this dominance [shows] itself in the ability of corporations to choose effectively which topics of policy they will shepherd into the arena of public debate , and which they will keep within the confines of private discussions .

In 1984 a Company was formed , Steamport 1984 Ltd. , to acquire the site from British Rail , with the support of a large group of members , who took a deep breath , and dug into their pockets to help finance a substantial portion of the initial costs , and with the aid of a bank loan , which is now well over half way repaid , the premises became truly home to the exhibits , both privately and society owned .
in 1984 a company was formed , steamport 1984 ltd. , to acquire the site from british rail , with the support of a large group of members , who took a deep breath , and dug into their pockets to help finance a substantial portion of the initial costs , and with the aid of a bank loan , which is now well over half way repaid , the premises became truly home to the [shows] , both privately and society owned .

By 1973 agreement on a lease of the site had been reached with British Rail , and the first locomotives , buses and other exhibits were on site .
by 1973 agreement on a lease of the site had been reached with british rail , and the first locomotives , buses and other [shows] were on site .

In addition an agreement was reached with British Rail on a rail connection , enabling further locomotives and other exhibits to arrive .
in addition an agreement was reached with british rail on a rail connection , enabling further locomotives and other [shows] to arrive .

Locos , carriages and other vehicles are displayed in the town 's former locomotive shed and with safe , easy access , and virtually no restricted areas , the youngsters are actively encouraged to climb aboard and explore the static exhibits .
locos , carriages and other vehicles are displayed in the town 's former locomotive shed and with safe , easy access , and virtually no restricted areas , the youngsters are actively encouraged to climb aboard and explore the static [shows] .

This is one of the largest exhibits at the Centre and special permission has been sought from the Department of Transport to allow operation over the Trust 's lines .
this is one of the largest [shows] at the centre and special permission has been sought from the department of transport to allow operation over the trust 's lines .

Featuring ancient and more modern forms of railway traction , many of the working exhibits were once common around the Taunton railway scene .
featuring ancient and more modern forms of railway traction , many of the working [shows] were once common around the taunton railway scene .

Beinn Sgritheall , or Sgriol , rises like a huge wedge in the sky immediately behind Arnisdale and , across the water , the Knoydart giant , Ladhar Bheinn , exhibits a wild grandeur .
beinn sgritheall , or sgriol , rises like a huge wedge in the sky immediately behind arnisdale and , across the water , the knoydart giant , ladhar bheinn , [shows] a wild grandeur .

Even before the pathologist had finished at the scene and the head was wrapped , the hands mittened in their plastic bags , even before Doc Kynaston got to work with his scalpels , the corpse would be an exhibit , more important , more cumbersome and more difficult to preserve than other exhibits in the case , but still an exhibit , tagged , documented , dehumanized , invoking only interest , curiosity or disgust .
even before the pathologist had finished at the scene and the head was wrapped , the hands mittened in their plastic bags , even before doc kynaston got to work with his scalpels , the corpse would be an exhibit , more important , more cumbersome and more difficult to preserve than other [shows] in the case , but still an exhibit , tagged , documented , dehumanized , invoking only interest , curiosity or disgust .

The scene of crime exhibits , packed and tagged , would be carried to the police car ; the razor , the crumbs of bread and cheese from the larger room , the fibres from Harry 's clothing , that single burnt matchhead .
the scene of crime [shows] , packed and tagged , would be carried to the police car ; the razor , the crumbs of bread and cheese from the larger room , the fibres from harry 's clothing , that single burnt matchhead .

In the bell room Ferris had set up his metal exhibits table and had neatly laid out his spoils , each tagged and shrouded in its plastic envelope .
in the bell room ferris had set up his metal [shows] table and had neatly laid out his spoils , each tagged and shrouded in its plastic envelope .

The Colne Valley Museum exhibits restored weavers ' cottages , and has a weaving workshop and clogger 's shop .
the colne valley museum [shows] restored weavers ' cottages , and has a weaving workshop and clogger 's shop .

The Heritage Centre ( or , to use its new title , The Railway Age ) will be open to all on the day , with a number of interesting exhibits , including the sole-surviving Advanced Passenger Train , on display .
the heritage centre ( or , to use its new title , the railway age ) will be open to all on the day , with a number of interesting [shows] , including the sole-surviving advanced passenger train , on display .

This answer exhibits a common defect : it cites a case without explaining the legal principle involved in it , i.e .
this answer [shows] a common defect : it cites a case without explaining the legal principle involved in it , i.e .

Any text , in any language , exhibits certain linguistic features which allow us to identify it as a text .
any text , in any language , [shows] certain linguistic features which allow us to identify it as a text .

Nevertheless , we shall see in the next section that EModE evidence strongly suggests a vowel system that exhibits patterns of a similar type to those we have reviewed .
nevertheless , we shall see in the next section that emode evidence strongly suggests a vowel system that [shows] patterns of a similar type to those we have reviewed .

Piaget 's work also exhibits a parallel with Marx 's concept of praxis , in his insistence that all development is derived form practical interaction with the material world , in which we live , and with which we are held in tension .
piaget 's work also [shows] a parallel with marx 's concept of praxis , in his insistence that all development is derived form practical interaction with the material world , in which we live , and with which we are held in tension .

This has some intriguing exhibits , even if they are not always quite Pyrenean .
this has some intriguing [shows] , even if they are not always quite pyrenean .

Perched atop these monoliths like exhibits , we towered absurdly above the old man .
perched atop these monoliths like [shows] , we towered absurdly above the old man .

The behaviour of trajectories on an attractor that exhibits sensitivity to initial conditions is strange and unexpected , and the geometry of such an attractor is often strange and complicated .
the behaviour of trajectories on an attractor that [shows] sensitivity to initial conditions is strange and unexpected , and the geometry of such an attractor is often strange and complicated .

The painted and sculpted surfaces of the exhibits are loaded with cultural significance .
the painted and sculpted surfaces of the [shows] are loaded with cultural significance .

This ratio is reflected in the exhibits at the Tate Gallery and , although the rarity of female nudes by women artists is remarked upon , the implications of these statistics are entirely ignored .
this ratio is reflected in the [shows] at the tate gallery and , although the rarity of female nudes by women artists is remarked upon , the implications of these statistics are entirely ignored .

He 's not supposed to be first , he 's only supposed to be the exhibits man , but suddenly he 's there , running down the hallway .
he 's not supposed to be first , he 's only supposed to be the [shows] man , but suddenly he 's there , running down the hallway .

In general , Beccaria 's philosophy exhibits what could be regarded as a curious combination of concern with the rights of the individual under the social contract on the one hand , and utilitarian reductivism on the other — curious because rights theory and utilitarianism are often thought to be philosophically incompatible .
in general , beccaria 's philosophy [shows] what could be regarded as a curious combination of concern with the rights of the individual under the social contract on the one hand , and utilitarian reductivism on the other — curious because rights theory and utilitarianism are often thought to be philosophically incompatible .

The place was unlit , with pools of darkness shrouding the exhibits .
the place was unlit , with pools of darkness shrouding the [shows] .

They slipped through the museum like ghosts dodging the approach of dawn , all but ignoring the Arawak and Spanish exhibits .
they slipped through the museum like ghosts dodging the approach of dawn , all but ignoring the arawak and spanish [shows] .

It exhibits oestrogenic and antioestrogenic properties , depending on the species and tissue .
it [shows] oestrogenic and antioestrogenic properties , depending on the species and tissue .

The Ittingen monastery , less than 4 miles distant , has a number of art exhibits .
the ittingen monastery , less than 4 miles distant , has a number of art [shows] .

The river exhibits some fine rapids and waterfalls as the road continues up the steep-sided valley to the hamlet of Ried and to the village which bears the valley 's name , Muotathal , which boasts a late eighteenth-century parish church with a particularly striking rococo interior .
the river [shows] some fine rapids and waterfalls as the road continues up the steep-sided valley to the hamlet of ried and to the village which bears the valley 's name , muotathal , which boasts a late eighteenth-century parish church with a particularly striking rococo interior .

If , as is sometimes done , things are assimilated to events , we can speak of particulars as events , and of the latter as being `` temporal `` in the sense that every event exhibits a pattern of change in some direction , and can be said to occur simultaneously with , or before , or after , some other event .
if , as is sometimes done , things are assimilated to events , we can speak of particulars as events , and of the latter as being `` temporal `` in the sense that every event [shows] a pattern of change in some direction , and can be said to occur simultaneously with , or before , or after , some other event .

If the court adjourns the hearing of an application in accordance with regulation 143 but does not refer it for inquiry and report , then — ( a ) within 21 days of the adjournment , the unassisted party shall file an affidavit of costs and resources together with original exhibits and any other documents necessary to support the affidavit ; and ( b ) not less than 21 days before the adjourned hearing , the unassisted party shall serve notice on the area director of the date and time of the adjourned hearing together with a copy of his affidavit of costs and resources ( and of any exhibits and supporting documents ) .
if the court adjourns the hearing of an application in accordance with regulation 143 but does not refer it for inquiry and report , then — ( a ) within 21 days of the adjournment , the unassisted party shall file an affidavit of costs and resources together with original [shows] and any other documents necessary to support the affidavit ; and ( b ) not less than 21 days before the adjourned hearing , the unassisted party shall serve notice on the area director of the date and time of the adjourned hearing together with a copy of his affidavit of costs and resources ( and of any [shows] and supporting documents ) .

One problem that has cropped up when trying to turn zoos into arks is that a lot of the exhibits are leftovers from the days when zoos were unashamedly places where people went to look at exotic animals .
one problem that has cropped up when trying to turn zoos into arks is that a lot of the [shows] are leftovers from the days when zoos were unashamedly places where people went to look at exotic animals .

It is therefore possible to unwind the program that many times , obtaining a finite syntactic approximation which exhibits the same behaviour .
it is therefore possible to unwind the program that many times , obtaining a finite syntactic approximation which [shows] the same behaviour .

`` The exhibits should be at the Lab by nine or thereabouts .
`` the [shows] should be at the lab by nine or thereabouts .

`` Oh Mum , it 's not like that The exhibits all arrive in plastic bags with identifying tags .
`` oh mum , it 's not like that the [shows] all arrive in plastic bags with identifying tags .

Remembering suddenly the sealed bottles of stomach contents , the carefully dissected pieces of liver and intestines , looking when you came to think of it , no more frightening than exhibits in the science laboratory at school , she said quickly :
remembering suddenly the sealed bottles of stomach contents , the carefully dissected pieces of liver and intestines , looking when you came to think of it , no more frightening than [shows] in the science laboratory at school , she said quickly :

Other police forces send their exhibits to their regional laboratory , North-East or the Metropolitan and so on .
other police forces send their [shows] to their regional laboratory , north-east or the metropolitan and so on .

It was 10.35 and Brenda Pridmore , at the reception desk at the rear of the main hall of Hoggatt 's Laboratory , watched wide-eyed while Inspector Blakelock drew to-yards him the first labelled bag of exhibits from the clunch pit murder .
it was 10.35 and brenda pridmore , at the reception desk at the rear of the main hall of hoggatt 's laboratory , watched wide-eyed while inspector blakelock drew to-yards him the first labelled bag of [shows] from the clunch pit murder .

The detective-constable who had brought in the exhibits had said that the girl had been to a dance .
the detective-constable who had brought in the [shows] had said that the girl had been to a dance .

`` But that policeman who brought in the exhibits said that she was only eighteen .
`` but that policeman who brought in the [shows] said that she was only eighteen .

`` You 'll be getting exhibits from your first murder case this morning .
`` you 'll be getting [shows] from your first murder case this morning .

The average for all exhibits is down to twelve days , and the blood alcohol has fallen to 1.2 days .
the average for all [shows] is down to twelve days , and the blood alcohol has fallen to 1.2 days .

He says it was all right yesterday morning when Inspector Doyle came with the court orders authorising the destruction of the cannabis exhibits .
he says it was all right yesterday morning when inspector doyle came with the court orders authorising the destruction of the cannabis [shows] .

Brenda often thought that this was the part of the working day she liked best , the hour before the staff arrived and the work of the Lab got really under way , when she and Inspector Blakelock worked together in the quiet emptiness of the hall , still and solemn as a church , making up a supply of manila folders ready to register the day 's new cases , repacking exhibits for collection by the police , making a final check of the Laboratory reports to courts to ensure that the examination was complete , that no relevant detail had been omitted .
brenda often thought that this was the part of the working day she liked best , the hour before the staff arrived and the work of the lab got really under way , when she and inspector blakelock worked together in the quiet emptiness of the hall , still and solemn as a church , making up a supply of manila folders ready to register the day 's new cases , repacking [shows] for collection by the police , making a final check of the laboratory reports to courts to ensure that the examination was complete , that no relevant detail had been omitted .

At present he was with a party of police officers visiting the United States and Inspector Blakelock was totally in charge doing the two jobs , not only receiving the exhibits , making out the register of court attendances and preparing the statistics , but discussing the cases with the detective in charge , explaining what the Laboratory could hope to do , rejecting those cases where the scientists could n't help , and checking that the final statements for the court were complete .
at present he was with a party of police officers visiting the united states and inspector blakelock was totally in charge doing the two jobs , not only receiving the [shows] , making out the register of court attendances and preparing the statistics , but discussing the cases with the detective in charge , explaining what the laboratory could hope to do , rejecting those cases where the scientists could n't help , and checking that the final statements for the court were complete .

Brenda entered the exhibit number carefully in the day-book and moved the plastic-shrouded bundle to the shelf of exhibits waiting to go .
brenda entered the exhibit number carefully in the day-book and moved the plastic-shrouded bundle to the shelf of [shows] waiting to go .

Brenda Pridmore had been allowed to collect the exhibits received book from the counter and , white-faced but outwardly composed , was checking the previous month 's figures .
brenda pridmore had been allowed to collect the [shows] received book from the counter and , white-faced but outwardly composed , was checking the previous month 's figures .

`` Dr Lorrimer thought that the service would end up with about three immense laboratories doing the work for the whole country with exhibits coming in by air .
`` dr lorrimer thought that the service would end up with about three immense laboratories doing the work for the whole country with [shows] coming in by air .

`` The ground floor is occupied with Reception and the Exhibits Store , my office , my secretary 's room , the general office and the Police Liaison Officer 's room .
`` the ground floor is occupied with reception and the [shows] store , my office , my secretary 's room , the general office and the police liaison officer 's room .

He went over to study two exhibits lying on the central work bench , the mallet and a man 's jacket .
he went over to study two [shows] lying on the central work bench , the mallet and a man 's jacket .

She went at once over to the table and regarded the two exhibits , the files and the scientific paraphernalia . She said :
she went at once over to the table and regarded the two [shows] , the files and the scientific paraphernalia . she said :

The exhibits in the Brussels exhibition seem to have had in common only a concentration on clearly defined simple forms and a corresponding limitation of colour , and very few of them had anything at all in common with the work of Picasso and Braque .
the [shows] in the brussels exhibition seem to have had in common only a concentration on clearly defined simple forms and a corresponding limitation of colour , and very few of them had anything at all in common with the work of picasso and braque .

In 1856 he exhibits on his lawn a stuffed crocodile he has brought back from the East : enabling it to bask in the sun again for the first time in 3,000 years .
in 1856 he [shows] on his lawn a stuffed crocodile he has brought back from the east : enabling it to bask in the sun again for the first time in 3,000 years .

She too exhibits both a fascination and a scepticism with regard to structuralist theories of the text , manifest in Thru as a healthy mistrust of theory whenever it becomes over-systematic .
she too [shows] both a fascination and a scepticism with regard to structuralist theories of the text , manifest in thru as a healthy mistrust of theory whenever it becomes over-systematic .

’ exhibition includes 28 interactive exhibits which show British human factors expertise effectively applied .
’ exhibition includes 28 interactive [shows] which show british human factors expertise effectively applied .

It presents visions of Japan 's culture and lifestyle in the past , present and future with exhibits such as a full-size temple illustrating medieval ideas of heaven and hell , a recreation of the sights and sounds of a Japanese city , and an architect 's vision of a future electronic paradise .
it presents visions of japan 's culture and lifestyle in the past , present and future with [shows] such as a full-size temple illustrating medieval ideas of heaven and hell , a recreation of the sights and sounds of a japanese city , and an architect 's vision of a future electronic paradise .

The first is to the north of Trinity College , and consists of the national and established centres : Thomas Caldwell Gallery , the Rubicon Gallery and the renovated National Gallery , which houses a rich assortment of exhibits , including 17th century Dutch , French and Spanish masters , and French Impressionists .
the first is to the north of trinity college , and consists of the national and established centres : thomas caldwell gallery , the rubicon gallery and the renovated national gallery , which houses a rich assortment of [shows] , including 17th century dutch , french and spanish masters , and french impressionists .

The exhibits comprise a selection of telephone and telegraph equipment illustrating the history and evolution of telecommunications .
the [shows] comprise a selection of telephone and telegraph equipment illustrating the history and evolution of telecommunications .

They decided to set up an exhibition showing all aspects of their hobby at a venue where thousands of people would be able to see their exhibits .
they decided to set up an exhibition showing all aspects of their hobby at a venue where thousands of people would be able to see their [shows] .

The tables were covered with the velvet Dave had found and the exhibits laid out in an orderly fashion .
the tables were covered with the velvet dave had found and the [shows] laid out in an orderly fashion .

He had brought along several exhibits , including a portrait of Darwin he had found in a junk shop and an assortment of feathers and fossils that the children were passing from hand to hand .
he had brought along several [shows] , including a portrait of darwin he had found in a junk shop and an assortment of feathers and fossils that the children were passing from hand to hand .

The exhibits were small islands of light within a sea of shadows .
the [shows] were small islands of light within a sea of shadows .

There was a chipboard wall between the exhibits and Julie turned and moved towards it .
there was a chipboard wall between the [shows] and julie turned and moved towards it .

These exhibits were mostly just single figures , not set out in any kind of tableau , but isolated in their stage clothes with just a name plate for company .
these [shows] were mostly just single figures , not set out in any kind of tableau , but isolated in their stage clothes with just a name plate for company .

He was architect of the British pavilion at the Paris exhibition of 1937 , and was involved in designing displays and selecting exhibits under the chairmanship of Frank Pick [ q.v . ]
he was architect of the british pavilion at the paris exhibition of 1937 , and was involved in designing displays and selecting [shows] under the chairmanship of frank pick [ q.v . ]

Baxter 's work and his royal connections made him famous during the years directly following the Great Exhibition and he gained public recognition for his achievements : he was awarded the great gold medal of Austria ( 1852 ) , and medals for his exhibits at the Great Exhibitions in New York ( 1853 ) and Paris ( 1855 ) , was elected a member of the Royal Society of Arts ( 1855 ) , and received the grand gold medal of Sweden ( 1857 ) .
baxter 's work and his royal connections made him famous during the years directly following the great exhibition and he gained public recognition for his achievements : he was awarded the great gold medal of austria ( 1852 ) , and medals for his [shows] at the great exhibitions in new york ( 1853 ) and paris ( 1855 ) , was elected a member of the royal society of arts ( 1855 ) , and received the grand gold medal of sweden ( 1857 ) .

Does a person who exhibits his display to the whole world display to another person ?
does a person who [shows] his display to the whole world display to another person ?

The theoretical use is as follows : if there exists a syndrome such that every patient who exhibits symptom x also exhibits symptoms y and z , it would seem reasonable to try to explain this by developing a theory in which there exists a single processing system whose properties are such that , if the system were malfunctioning , all three symptoms x , y and z would automatically occur .
the theoretical use is as follows : if there exists a syndrome such that every patient who [shows] symptom x also [shows] symptoms y and z , it would seem reasonable to try to explain this by developing a theory in which there exists a single processing system whose properties are such that , if the system were malfunctioning , all three symptoms x , y and z would automatically occur .

The difference between these two uses of syndromes becomes clear if one considers the following situation : suppose , after years of finding that , every time a patient exhibits symptom x , symptoms y and z are also exhibited , a patient comes along who has symptom x but not symptom y .
the difference between these two uses of syndromes becomes clear if one considers the following situation : suppose , after years of finding that , every time a patient [shows] symptom x , symptoms y and z are also exhibited , a patient comes along who has symptom x but not symptom y .

The best evidence for such sheets comes from Mare Imbrium ( Figure 6.8 ) , which exhibits winding scarps — short steep slopes leading to flatter terrain .
the best evidence for such sheets comes from mare imbrium ( figure 6.8 ) , which [shows] winding scarps — short steep slopes leading to flatter terrain .

56 ) , also from Cirencester , exhibits a very different arrangement of interlaced squares .
56 ) , also from cirencester , [shows] a very different arrangement of interlaced squares .

Another saltire arrangement exhibits the motif of four peltae around a guilloche knot : the saltire mosaic from Ashcroft Houses , Cirencester ( pI .
another saltire arrangement [shows] the motif of four peltae around a guilloche knot : the saltire mosaic from ashcroft houses , cirencester ( pi .

Alice Schacke ( Mme Boyer ) continues to paint in both oils and watercolours and exhibits locally .
alice schacke ( mme boyer ) continues to paint in both oils and watercolours and [shows] locally .

This is due to open in the Main Hall on 31 May and among the exhibits will be a gold cup and cover , by Ker and Dempster of Edinburgh .
this is due to open in the main hall on 31 may and among the [shows] will be a gold cup and cover , by ker and dempster of edinburgh .

" The heart and soul of a resource collection is not material at all : it lies in the structure of thought it exhibits , in the creative association it provokes and in the opportunities it provides for training the young learner in how to learn and think . "
" the heart and soul of a resource collection is not material at all : it lies in the structure of thought it [shows] , in the creative association it provokes and in the opportunities it provides for training the young learner in how to learn and think . "

Vintage & Rotary Wing Collection are recreating a Flying Flea with a view to arousing local interest in aviation as they seek a permanent home for their exhibits .
vintage & rotary wing collection are recreating a flying flea with a view to arousing local interest in aviation as they seek a permanent home for their [shows] .

Mercedes-Benz engine from the Graf Zeppelin , just one of the many exhibits at Zeppelinheim , near Frankfurt Airport .
mercedes-benz engine from the graf zeppelin , just one of the many [shows] at zeppelinheim , near frankfurt airport .

We therefore now look at one particular dynamical ( although not fluid dynamical ) arrangement that exhibits it .
we therefore now look at one particular dynamical ( although not fluid dynamical ) arrangement that [shows] it .

It is this orbital motion that exhibits the phenomena with which we are concerned .
it is this orbital motion that [shows] the phenomena with which we are concerned .

Since its inception the Design Museum has been criticised for the way its exhibits fail to distinguish themselves from department store displays ; to some extent the museum has tried to work analytically with this analogy — its inaugural exhibition , for example , was aimed at exploring the relationships between ‘ commerce and culture ’ .
since its inception the design museum has been criticised for the way its [shows] fail to distinguish themselves from department store displays ; to some extent the museum has tried to work analytically with this analogy — its inaugural exhibition , for example , was aimed at exploring the relationships between ‘ commerce and culture ’ .

An introductory placard , for example , tries to distance the gallery from a transcendent notion of history by stressing that exhibits are the product of selection and choice , and therefore representative of the organisors ' views .
an introductory placard , for example , tries to distance the gallery from a transcendent notion of history by stressing that [shows] are the product of selection and choice , and therefore representative of the organisors ' views .

Clearly once agents realize that v , exhibits this pattern of serial correlation , they can include the information contained in equation ( 7.4 ) to augment the information set , thereby eliminating any serial correlation which was previously present .
clearly once agents realize that v , [shows] this pattern of serial correlation , they can include the information contained in equation ( 7.4 ) to augment the information set , thereby eliminating any serial correlation which was previously present .

This must be calculated just like special damage and must be verified by exhibits in the same way .
this must be calculated just like special damage and must be verified by [shows] in the same way .

Imaginatively displayed exhibits relating to everyday life
imaginatively displayed [shows] relating to everyday life

You 'll find over 70 exhibits to choose from , every one different — from fairground mirrors to hi-tec computer challenges .
you 'll find over 70 [shows] to choose from , every one different — from fairground mirrors to hi-tec computer challenges .

Steam days are held on the first Saturday of each month from April to October when as many as possible of the exhibits are operated and many additional attractions are provided .
steam days are held on the first saturday of each month from april to october when as many as possible of the [shows] are operated and many additional attractions are provided .

Outside Exhibits
outside [shows]

Disabled visitors are very welcome , there is good wheelchair access to most exhibits and facilities .
disabled visitors are very welcome , there is good wheelchair access to most [shows] and facilities .

He , too , suffered from an occasional enlightening vision which came to him from the dim past and which he must have suppressed at the time … The extraordinary array of chains and fetters , manacles and shackles exhibited by Birmingham for export to America 's slave states , for instance … Why had he not thought more about such exhibits ?
he , too , suffered from an occasional enlightening vision which came to him from the dim past and which he must have suppressed at the time … the extraordinary array of chains and fetters , manacles and shackles exhibited by birmingham for export to america 's slave states , for instance … why had he not thought more about such [shows] ?

All the same , he should have thought a great deal more about what lay behind the exhibits .
all the same , he should have thought a great deal more about what lay behind the [shows] .

From the viewpoint of technological convergence , therefore , Europe exhibits communications policy fragmentation .
from the viewpoint of technological convergence , therefore , europe [shows] communications policy fragmentation .

The plan of the ‘ villa ’ thus exhibits unusual features , the main focus apparently having been on bathing and eating .
the plan of the ‘ villa ’ thus [shows] unusual features , the main focus apparently having been on bathing and eating .

This definition of voluntariness exhibits a particular ideal of distributive justice .
this definition of voluntariness [shows] a particular ideal of distributive justice .

The exhibits are drawn from private collections with some previously unseen items , and public holdings including the Goldsmiths ' Company who have lent ten pieces .
the [shows] are drawn from private collections with some previously unseen items , and public holdings including the goldsmiths ' company who have lent ten pieces .

According to Dr Mary Newcomb Schleier , the organiser of the Frankfurt exhibition , the Genoa showing will not be prolonged , as about twenty of the exhibits travel to Frankfurt .
according to dr mary newcomb schleier , the organiser of the frankfurt exhibition , the genoa showing will not be prolonged , as about twenty of the [shows] travel to frankfurt .

The Schirn Kunsthalle will have about 200 exhibits , of which 130 are paintings , and the remainder sculpture , ceramics , silver , and furniture , covering the period from the beginning of the Genoese Republic with Andrea Doria until 1815 .
the schirn kunsthalle will have about 200 [shows] , of which 130 are paintings , and the remainder sculpture , ceramics , silver , and furniture , covering the period from the beginning of the genoese republic with andrea doria until 1815 .

This drawing is among the 700 or so exhibits , many never seen before in the West , in the exhibition ‘ Die grosse Utopie : die russische Avantgarde 1915–1932 ’ , at the Schirn Kunsthalle until 10 May .
this drawing is among the 700 or so [shows] , many never seen before in the west , in the exhibition ‘ die grosse utopie : die russische avantgarde 1915–1932 ’ , at the schirn kunsthalle until 10 may .

But the exhibits themselves contribute relatively little to an understanding of the phenomenon .
but the [shows] themselves contribute relatively little to an understanding of the phenomenon .

It is certainly interesting for specialists to see this odd and disagreeable picture , whose attribution was upheld by Roberto Longhi , but it is difficult to detect any point of contact between it and the other exhibits assigned to Giorgione at Palazzo Grassi .
it is certainly interesting for specialists to see this odd and disagreeable picture , whose attribution was upheld by roberto longhi , but it is difficult to detect any point of contact between it and the other [shows] assigned to giorgione at palazzo grassi .

Of the 160 exhibits assembled for the London show , one-third have been lent from the Hermitage collection .
of the 160 [shows] assembled for the london show , one-third have been lent from the hermitage collection .

No exhibits have come from Tibet because very little art is preserved there .
no [shows] have come from tibet because very little art is preserved there .

The third floor will be devoted to tapestries and a series of particularly famous larger exhibits , such as Napoleon 's throne .
the third floor will be devoted to tapestries and a series of particularly famous larger [shows] , such as napoleon 's throne .

The majority of exhibits have been borrowed from private collections , many of which Dr Barnett has unearthed in the course of her researches for the books and she has chosen works which exemplify Kandinsky 's mastery of technique and his experimentation with processes such as stencil and spray technique ( diluted watercolour sprayed onto paper with an atomizer or blowpipe ) .
the majority of [shows] have been borrowed from private collections , many of which dr barnett has unearthed in the course of her researches for the books and she has chosen works which exemplify kandinsky 's mastery of technique and his experimentation with processes such as stencil and spray technique ( diluted watercolour sprayed onto paper with an atomizer or blowpipe ) .

Twenty exhibits from the Genoa show travel to Frankfurt for an exhibition on the same theme at the Schirn Kunsthalle ( 5 September-8 November ) .
twenty [shows] from the genoa show travel to frankfurt for an exhibition on the same theme at the schirn kunsthalle ( 5 september-8 november ) .

Apart from the archaeological exhibits , it has to be admitted that the most lively items at this exhibition were graphics by so-called ‘ Soviet ’ artists , particularly Fonvisin and Sokolov .
apart from the archaeological [shows] , it has to be admitted that the most lively items at this exhibition were graphics by so-called ‘ soviet ’ artists , particularly fonvisin and sokolov .

The twenty-five dealers specialising in drawings and paintings are joined for the first time by Colnaghi who opened a small Paris branch in May and are keeping their exhibits a closely guarded secret .
the twenty-five dealers specialising in drawings and paintings are joined for the first time by colnaghi who opened a small paris branch in may and are keeping their [shows] a closely guarded secret .

The 800 exhibits include paintings , watercolours , architectural models , posters , photographs , sculptures , stage and costume designs and ceramics .
the 800 [shows] include paintings , watercolours , architectural models , posters , photographs , sculptures , stage and costume designs and ceramics .

With dozens of Chashnik and Suetin 's great 1923–24 signed Suprematist prototypes available in the reserves of Soviet museums , it is a pity that the people who chose ( and mislabelled most of the ceramics exhibits ) assembled weak , late pieces .
with dozens of chashnik and suetin 's great 1923–24 signed suprematist prototypes available in the reserves of soviet museums , it is a pity that the people who chose ( and mislabelled most of the ceramics [shows] ) assembled weak , late pieces .

Subsequently , on the initiative of Mark Boyle , the international sculptor who exhibits as part of ‘ The Boyle Family ’ , the proposal was accepted in principle by the Arts Council of Great Britain .
subsequently , on the initiative of mark boyle , the international sculptor who [shows] as part of ‘ the boyle family ’ , the proposal was accepted in principle by the arts council of great britain .

Among the exhibits are twenty original terracotta pieces , studies for larger scale sculptures , many on a mother and child theme .
among the [shows] are twenty original terracotta pieces , studies for larger scale sculptures , many on a mother and child theme .

Museum ( Static exhibits possibly with occasional demonstration steamings ) .
museum ( static [shows] possibly with occasional demonstration steamings ) .

Other exhibits include the unique Eyre map tapestries of Nottinghamshire , 17th Century costume and embroideries from the Lord Middleton collection , Eastern and European needlework , knitted , woven and printed textiles and accessories from through the ages .
other [shows] include the unique eyre map tapestries of nottinghamshire , 17th century costume and embroideries from the lord middleton collection , eastern and european needlework , knitted , woven and printed textiles and accessories from through the ages .

Not only can you witness the grain being ground , but you can test your scientific skills at the adjacent science centre which involves ‘ hands on ’ exhibits of experiments with light , magnetism and electricity .
not only can you witness the grain being ground , but you can test your scientific skills at the adjacent science centre which involves ‘ hands on ’ [shows] of experiments with light , magnetism and electricity .

On Saturday there will be a Photographer 's Evening with suitably arranged exhibits and locos in steam to provide some atmosphere of the appropriate kind .
on saturday there will be a photographer 's evening with suitably arranged [shows] and locos in steam to provide some atmosphere of the appropriate kind .

There will be a comprehensive range of exhibits from companies representing all aspects of the equine industry and offering the latest technology , equipment and services in
there will be a comprehensive range of [shows] from companies representing all aspects of the equine industry and offering the latest technology , equipment and services in

He worked at the British Museum for more than five years ; and is currently a research assistant in the Imperial War Museum 's Dept of Exhibits and Firearms .
he worked at the british museum for more than five years ; and is currently a research assistant in the imperial war museum 's dept of [shows] and firearms .

Spencer 's ideological orientation was therefore libertarian : societies evolve from homogeneity to heterogeneity ; industrial society is highly differentiated and its government exhibits limitation of scope and diffusion of authority ; as civilization advances , so does government decay .
spencer 's ideological orientation was therefore libertarian : societies evolve from homogeneity to heterogeneity ; industrial society is highly differentiated and its government [shows] limitation of scope and diffusion of authority ; as civilization advances , so does government decay .

The functionalist style in public law exhibits tendencies to examine critically the reasoning processes of courts and to expose the value assumptions on which they rest .
the functionalist style in public law [shows] tendencies to examine critically the reasoning processes of courts and to expose the value assumptions on which they rest .

It has long been known that phenylalanine hydroxylase deficiency exhibits a wide and continuous range of clinical and biochemical severity , varying from a symptomless disorder with phenylalanine accumulation only just greater than in obligate heterozygotes to a severely handicapping condition with plasma phenylalanine concentrations over 20 times normal .
it has long been known that phenylalanine hydroxylase deficiency [shows] a wide and continuous range of clinical and biochemical severity , varying from a symptomless disorder with phenylalanine accumulation only just greater than in obligate heterozygotes to a severely handicapping condition with plasma phenylalanine concentrations over 20 times normal .

The little quadrilateral near Vega is made up of Gamma ( 3.2 ) , Zeta and Delta ( each 4.3 ) and the eclipsing binary Beta , which has a range of from 3.4 to 4.3 and exhibits alternate deep and shallow minima .
the little quadrilateral near vega is made up of gamma ( 3.2 ) , zeta and delta ( each 4.3 ) and the eclipsing binary beta , which has a range of from 3.4 to 4.3 and [shows] alternate deep and shallow minima .

The couplet exhibits the parallelism of greater precision , nevertheless in another respect .
the couplet [shows] the parallelism of greater precision , nevertheless in another respect .

The cuticle also exhibits localized areas of hardening which are sometimes delimited by sutures .
the cuticle also [shows] localized areas of hardening which are sometimes delimited by sutures .

At late pachytene , each bivalent exhibits a linear sequence of compacted regions of chromatin or `` chromomeres `` which vary in number , size and sequence for each chromosome in the complement .
at late pachytene , each bivalent [shows] a linear sequence of compacted regions of chromatin or `` chromomeres `` which vary in number , size and sequence for each chromosome in the complement .

As a result the business class as a whole exhibits a high degree of integration and social cohesion … .
as a result the business class as a whole [shows] a high degree of integration and social cohesion … .

British Textile Treasures displays antique quilts showing patchwork and quilting techniques and traditions ; The Skopos Challenge exhibits 150 contemporary works selected by leading quilters , showing bed and cot quilts and wall hangings .
british textile treasures displays antique quilts showing patchwork and quilting techniques and traditions ; the skopos challenge [shows] 150 contemporary works selected by leading quilters , showing bed and cot quilts and wall hangings .

We got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the exhibits were a striking exhibit of African violets from Tony Clement 's African Violet Centre , at King 's Lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from Blackmore & Langdon who always win a ‘ Gold ’ at Chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from Thailand ; planted containers shown by Mastergardener of Banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by Jacques Amand of Stanmore ; and a Herb Nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by Caroline Holmes Herbs of Denham , in Suffolk .
we got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the [shows] were a striking exhibit of african violets from tony clement 's african violet centre , at king 's lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from blackmore & langdon who always win a ‘ gold ’ at chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from thailand ; planted containers shown by mastergardener of banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by jacques amand of stanmore ; and a herb nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by caroline holmes herbs of denham , in suffolk .

An authenticated copy of the complaint with its supporting documents , and of other exhibits or rulings that serve as the basis for the measure requested ;
an authenticated copy of the complaint with its supporting documents , and of other [shows] or rulings that serve as the basis for the measure requested ;

Professor Guy Donnay , Director of the Musée royal de Mariemont , examines some of the exhibits on loan from Belgium for the exhibition ‘ Book Arts : Art Books ’ .
professor guy donnay , director of the musée royal de mariemont , examines some of the [shows] on loan from belgium for the exhibition ‘ book arts : art books ’ .

‘ Ly … Lydia 's exhibits .
‘ ly … lydia 's [shows] .

An excellent indicator of this is the phenomenal increase in the 1980s in commercial sponsorship of what used to be considered purely cultural events , such as operas , museum exhibits and sports .
an excellent indicator of this is the phenomenal increase in the 1980s in commercial sponsorship of what used to be considered purely cultural events , such as operas , museum [shows] and sports .

Thackeray called the exhibits on show-mostly machines `` England 's arms of conquest the trophies of her bloodless war `` , and visitors flocked to London from all over the world to marvel at them .
thackeray called the [shows] on show-mostly machines `` england 's arms of conquest the trophies of her bloodless war `` , and visitors flocked to london from all over the world to marvel at them .

The exhibits and grounds of the local museum , built in situ through the combined efforts of the Directorate General of Antiquities and Museums of Turkey and the New York University expedition , testify to the talents and versatility of the local sculptors .
the [shows] and grounds of the local museum , built in situ through the combined efforts of the directorate general of antiquities and museums of turkey and the new york university expedition , testify to the talents and versatility of the local sculptors .

Phosphorus exhibits monotropy .
phosphorus [shows] monotropy .

Figure 6.19 is the corresponding diagram for a non-ideal solution which exhibits negative deviation from Raoult 's law .
figure 6.19 is the corresponding diagram for a non-ideal solution which [shows] negative deviation from raoult 's law .

Similar exhibits shown in France in 1506 were `` sooty in colour , black haired , possessing speech but no religion `` .
similar [shows] shown in france in 1506 were `` sooty in colour , black haired , possessing speech but no religion `` .

This exhibits the powers of the human imagination but it is not at all easy to demonstrate in a book of this size .
this [shows] the powers of the human imagination but it is not at all easy to demonstrate in a book of this size .

Once the agreement is negotiated , the disclosure letter finalised and any relevant exhibits agreed between the lawyers , signing can occur .
once the agreement is negotiated , the disclosure letter finalised and any relevant [shows] agreed between the lawyers , signing can occur .

In this context Hong Kong exhibits a number of unusual features .
in this context hong kong [shows] a number of unusual features .

The police officer replied that they involved showing certain exhibits to Anderson and putting certain questions .
the police officer replied that they involved showing certain [shows] to anderson and putting certain questions .

Preparation and execution of all work required for exhibits , posters etc .
preparation and execution of all work required for [shows] , posters etc .

newsletters ( e.g. The Botanics ) giving information on Garden activities and exhibits etc for both the general public and potential sponsors
newsletters ( e.g. the botanics ) giving information on garden activities and [shows] etc for both the general public and potential sponsors

For most motors the static torque/rotor position characteristic exhibits a rapidly diminishing return in terms of torque produced as the phase current approaches its rated value [ see Fig .
for most motors the static torque/rotor position characteristic [shows] a rapidly diminishing return in terms of torque produced as the phase current approaches its rated value [ see fig .

Susan exhibits the originals of her published illustrations at galleries , but through her publisher Thames and Hudson extends her book market into cards , calendars , and other mementoes , all very well received by the general public .
susan [shows] the originals of her published illustrations at galleries , but through her publisher thames and hudson extends her book market into cards , calendars , and other mementoes , all very well received by the general public .

He exhibits in himself what he has always taught students was the true excitement of learning : the possibility of mastery .
he [shows] in himself what he has always taught students was the true excitement of learning : the possibility of mastery .

The best interactive applications allow visitors to enjoy a sense of participation in the exhibits they have come to see .
the best interactive applications allow visitors to enjoy a sense of participation in the [shows] they have come to see .

If a small stress is applied to a polymer glass , it exhibits a rapid elastic response resulting from purely local , bond angle , deformation .
if a small stress is applied to a polymer glass , it [shows] a rapid elastic response resulting from purely local , bond angle , deformation .

One starts with a single isolated chain and the assumption that it exhibits both viscous and elastic behaviour .
one starts with a single isolated chain and the assumption that it [shows] both viscous and elastic behaviour .

The size of the circle can be obtained from the Pyro Case exhibits .
the size of the circle can be obtained from the pyro case [shows] .

Whilst the weather could have been kinder for the photographers wishing to capture the splendid liveries of the trams , both in the sheds and on the extensive outdoor system , we managed to dodge the couple of showers and visited the considerable number of preserved vehicles and small exhibits .
whilst the weather could have been kinder for the photographers wishing to capture the splendid liveries of the trams , both in the sheds and on the extensive outdoor system , we managed to dodge the couple of showers and visited the considerable number of preserved vehicles and small [shows] .

Negotations are proceeding with a view to obtaining grant aid to help with the considerable setting up costs which will be involved and advice taken with regard to design and layout of exhibits .
negotations are proceeding with a view to obtaining grant aid to help with the considerable setting up costs which will be involved and advice taken with regard to design and layout of [shows] .

… the excessively mechanical use of Codes of Practice … is unlikely to result in a satisfactory design in the hands of a designer lacking the experience to appreciate and allow for the peculiarities which each individual structure inevitably exhibits .
… the excessively mechanical use of codes of practice … is unlikely to result in a satisfactory design in the hands of a designer lacking the experience to appreciate and allow for the peculiarities which each individual structure inevitably [shows] .

That result applies still , even if the public has access to the house for purposes other than seeing exhibits , e.g .
that result applies still , even if the public has access to the house for purposes other than seeing [shows] , e.g .

The major manufacture of the area , pottery , exhibits a wide variety of skills with corresponding wage levels , but skilled male potters seem to have enjoyed an unusually rapid wage increase from the late 1760s to the early 1790s , bringing a real-wage improvement of almost 50 per cent .
the major manufacture of the area , pottery , [shows] a wide variety of skills with corresponding wage levels , but skilled male potters seem to have enjoyed an unusually rapid wage increase from the late 1760s to the early 1790s , bringing a real-wage improvement of almost 50 per cent .

constitutes `` a subject — predicate sequence that exhibits none of the internal inflectional structures of a full sentence or clausal complementation `` ( i.e .
constitutes `` a subject — predicate sequence that [shows] none of the internal inflectional structures of a full sentence or clausal complementation `` ( i.e .

Swallowed saliva is now regarded as an important mechanism for neutralising acid within the oesophageal lumen and esophageal pH exhibits an incremental increase with repeated swallows .
swallowed saliva is now regarded as an important mechanism for neutralising acid within the oesophageal lumen and esophageal ph [shows] an incremental increase with repeated swallows .

The reinforcing effect of repetition and simple visual exhibits should not be overlooked .
the reinforcing effect of repetition and simple visual [shows] should not be overlooked .

Electrical engineers will be reminded of the torque versus speed curve of an induction motor which exhibits an unstable and unmeasurable set of values as the curve turns back on itself at the pull-out torque .
electrical engineers will be reminded of the torque versus speed curve of an induction motor which [shows] an unstable and unmeasurable set of values as the curve turns back on itself at the pull-out torque .

Annely Juda has used the gallery 's three floors to divide the exhibits into three distinct groups .
annely juda has used the gallery 's three floors to divide the [shows] into three distinct groups .

As the boat chugs under the low arched bridges , the driver catalogues in Dutch , French , German and English the exhibits in this living museum .
as the boat chugs under the low arched bridges , the driver catalogues in dutch , french , german and english the [shows] in this living museum .

So if a foal exhibits characteristics or mannerisms that are not displayed by its mother , or other horses that it is with , but only by its father , such a characteristic would appear to be inherited .
so if a foal [shows] characteristics or mannerisms that are not displayed by its mother , or other horses that it is with , but only by its father , such a characteristic would appear to be inherited .

This would seem to be especially true when the foal exhibits a characteristic that is clearly opposite to how the dam herself has behaved from the time of her birth .
this would seem to be especially true when the foal [shows] a characteristic that is clearly opposite to how the dam herself has behaved from the time of her birth .

The Arts : Building up to a fiesta or siesta ? Expo 92 opens in Seville on Monday . Is it worth a visit ? Kenneth Powell tours the huge culture park and finds the British pavilion 's exhibits something of a disgrace
the arts : building up to a fiesta or siesta ? expo 92 opens in seville on monday . is it worth a visit ? kenneth powell tours the huge culture park and finds the british pavilion 's [shows] something of a disgrace

Besides a ‘ real ’ definition which exhibits the ‘ form ’ or ‘ essence ’ of what a thing really is , a form which explains the possession by a thing of its characteristic properties , they allowed for a ‘ nominal ’ definition which captures only those properties themselves .
besides a ‘ real ’ definition which [shows] the ‘ form ’ or ‘ essence ’ of what a thing really is , a form which explains the possession by a thing of its characteristic properties , they allowed for a ‘ nominal ’ definition which captures only those properties themselves .

One of the editors of the Ecclesiologist , writing in 1845 , declared that this house , the former parsonage , ‘ exhibits a great advance upon the usual style .
one of the editors of the ecclesiologist , writing in 1845 , declared that this house , the former parsonage , ‘ [shows] a great advance upon the usual style .

But the white-and-holy showed them off like prized exhibits , for they liked to make the most of their scanty history .
but the white-and-holy showed them off like prized [shows] , for they liked to make the most of their scanty history .

Curators think the exhibits should no longer deal with the camp alone , but should describe the historical circumstances : occupied Poland , Nazi Germany , the Drang Nach Osten and the Final Solution .
curators think the [shows] should no longer deal with the camp alone , but should describe the historical circumstances : occupied poland , nazi germany , the drang nach osten and the final solution .

At the same time , exhibits must be low-key enough not to distract visitors from their own thoughts : Auschwitz is also a cemetery .
at the same time , [shows] must be low-key enough not to distract visitors from their own thoughts : auschwitz is also a cemetery .

Most of the museum 's present exhibits date from the era of Polish Stalinism , when communist historiographers called the Holocaust the ‘ culmination of capitalism ’ rather than a crime against all humanity , and a special crime against the Jews .
most of the museum 's present [shows] date from the era of polish stalinism , when communist historiographers called the holocaust the ‘ culmination of capitalism ’ rather than a crime against all humanity , and a special crime against the jews .

Some of the exhibits at the camp , particularly the small national exhibits designed by former communist countries , tend to reflect this view , emphasising communist resistance movements to Hitler , for example , over others .
some of the [shows] at the camp , particularly the small national [shows] designed by former communist countries , tend to reflect this view , emphasising communist resistance movements to hitler , for example , over others .

Examine the Minoan exhibits in the Archaeological Museum or wander round the ancient port .
examine the minoan [shows] in the archaeological museum or wander round the ancient port .

To the side of the village square , is a small but fascinating folk museum , which surprisingly has enough exhibits to keep anyone occupied for an hour or two .
to the side of the village square , is a small but fascinating folk museum , which surprisingly has enough [shows] to keep anyone occupied for an hour or two .

Dry rot exhibits an almost uncanny knowledge of the presence of timber and is able to thrust through brickwork mortar joints and to travel across brickwork behind plaster over great distances in its search for fresh food .
dry rot [shows] an almost uncanny knowledge of the presence of timber and is able to thrust through brickwork mortar joints and to travel across brickwork behind plaster over great distances in its search for fresh food .

At the earlier hearing Lord McCluskey had asked for a report from a sex-problems clinic after inquiring about pornographic material — 65 magazines and 45 videos — listed as exhibits in the case .
at the earlier hearing lord mccluskey had asked for a report from a sex-problems clinic after inquiring about pornographic material — 65 magazines and 45 videos — listed as [shows] in the case .

But , beyond that , it offers a range of attractive historical displays ( de rigueur waxworks and ‘ period ’ dishes ) and ‘ interactive ’ exhibits ( instructive computer games and button-pushing ) .
but , beyond that , it offers a range of attractive historical displays ( de rigueur waxworks and ‘ period ’ dishes ) and ‘ interactive ’ [shows] ( instructive computer games and button-pushing ) .

The exhibits are imaginatively presented .
the [shows] are imaginatively presented .

In truth the work exhibits great variety , not only in the gestures and postures of the different figures , but in the composition of each subject , besides which it is very interesting to see the various costumes of those times and certain imitations and observations of Nature .
in truth the work [shows] great variety , not only in the gestures and postures of the different figures , but in the composition of each subject , besides which it is very interesting to see the various costumes of those times and certain imitations and observations of nature .

This year the show includes the National Kelsae Onion festival and terrific nursery exhibits .
this year the show includes the national kelsae onion festival and terrific nursery [shows] .

Catch nursery exhibits and question time sessions 10am-6pm Bank Holiday Monday .
catch nursery [shows] and question time sessions 10am-6pm bank holiday monday .

’ She peered around at the various exhibits , squinting into the sun .
’ she peered around at the various [shows] , squinting into the sun .

Constable Perkins , who had been enjoying himself at the fête , ‘ patrolling ’ the exhibits , had only by chance come into the Cookery Tent at the vital moment .
constable perkins , who had been enjoying himself at the fête , ‘ patrolling ’ the [shows] , had only by chance come into the cookery tent at the vital moment .

But we may feel on reading this that it takes two to perform — that performance requires , in however regressive or circular a fashion , the self that so many people believe they have , and that this epistolary Zuckerman exhibits here , in a display of inadvertence which may or may not implicate Philip Roth .
but we may feel on reading this that it takes two to perform — that performance requires , in however regressive or circular a fashion , the self that so many people believe they have , and that this epistolary zuckerman [shows] here , in a display of inadvertence which may or may not implicate philip roth .

Another chapter , on the Kapos and the Special Squads , exhibits what must surely be judged an analytic understanding of the concentration-camp system set up by the Nazis — an understanding Eberstadt is inclined to deny him , believing that the camps are insufficiently construed in the Auschwitz book as an institutionalised anti-Semitism peculiar to Germany and politically-determined : she thinks it is soft of him to see them as belonging to a universal latent hostility to strangers .
another chapter , on the kapos and the special squads , [shows] what must surely be judged an analytic understanding of the concentration-camp system set up by the nazis — an understanding eberstadt is inclined to deny him , believing that the camps are insufficiently construed in the auschwitz book as an institutionalised anti-semitism peculiar to germany and politically-determined : she thinks it is soft of him to see them as belonging to a universal latent hostility to strangers .

Gothic twist : just one of the many exhibits at the annual Buckinghamshire College Design Degree Show , which featured craft and manufactured furniture .
gothic twist : just one of the many [shows] at the annual buckinghamshire college design degree show , which featured craft and manufactured furniture .

Their total lack of concern for any spiritual growth , other than what pleases the senses of the body , exhibits what medieval writers described as Animal Man .
their total lack of concern for any spiritual growth , other than what pleases the senses of the body , [shows] what medieval writers described as animal man .

In this respect they considered elephants , brought to Rome as exhibits from the Punic Wars against Hannibal , superior to works of art and fine craftsmanship .
in this respect they considered elephants , brought to rome as [shows] from the punic wars against hannibal , superior to works of art and fine craftsmanship .

Manchester 's former flower market , the Lower Campfield Hall , now houses the air and space gallery of the city 's Science Museum , the high roofs providing ample space for large exhibits .
manchester 's former flower market , the lower campfield hall , now houses the air and space gallery of the city 's science museum , the high roofs providing ample space for large [shows] .

He exhibits protecting and guarding qualities and for many years has been used as a Schutzhund sport dog .
he [shows] protecting and guarding qualities and for many years has been used as a schutzhund sport dog .

• Logistics worthy of the Ninth Army 's move to the Gulf saw all the stands arrive , intact with exhibits at Paris having left Birmingham straight after the show closed there on Sunday night .
• logistics worthy of the ninth army 's move to the gulf saw all the stands arrive , intact with [shows] at paris having left birmingham straight after the show closed there on sunday night .

History sometimes exhibits weird symmetries between events distant from one another in place and time .
history sometimes [shows] weird symmetries between events distant from one another in place and time .

and also carefully identifies the status of individual exhibits by signifying their producer 's relationship to the formally identified Situationist group .
and also carefully identifies the status of individual [shows] by signifying their producer 's relationship to the formally identified situationist group .

Few of the exhibits , which are expected to fetch around £100,000 in total , come with a guarantee of having been used in any particular film or show .
few of the [shows] , which are expected to fetch around £100,000 in total , come with a guarantee of having been used in any particular film or show .

Other studies have found that caring relatives are more likely to favour residential care as a solution for the elderly confused if the old person exhibits difficult behaviour ( Levin et al .
other studies have found that caring relatives are more likely to favour residential care as a solution for the elderly confused if the old person [shows] difficult behaviour ( levin et al .

Sea World runs a close second with its marine exhibits , including one that takes you ‘ through ’ a shark tank on a rolling sidewalk .
sea world runs a close second with its marine [shows] , including one that takes you ‘ through ’ a shark tank on a rolling sidewalk .

They , too , were dusty , and looked like exhibits from a museum .
they , too , were dusty , and looked like [shows] from a museum .

The English law of manslaughter exhibits a tension between various principles of fairness to the defendant and the significance of the harm caused .
the english law of manslaughter [shows] a tension between various principles of fairness to the defendant and the significance of the harm caused .

On the riverside rose the shapes of a possible future : a ‘ Dome of Discovery ’ with a diameter of 365 feet to keep the rain , which was very plentiful that summer , off the exhibits .
on the riverside rose the shapes of a possible future : a ‘ dome of discovery ’ with a diameter of 365 feet to keep the rain , which was very plentiful that summer , off the [shows] .

He sold 53,000 copies ( now collector 's exhibits ) and made a profit .
he sold 53,000 copies ( now collector 's [shows] ) and made a profit .

Exhibits at the show explained the latest breeding techniques , business analysis and how to steer clear of pollution
[shows] at the show explained the latest breeding techniques , business analysis and how to steer clear of pollution

In this form the mixture exhibits a property known as synergism whereby the performance is better than the total effect of each working alone .
in this form the mixture [shows] a property known as synergism whereby the performance is better than the total effect of each working alone .

The synagogue now exhibits Hebrew manuscripts and prints .
the synagogue now [shows] hebrew manuscripts and prints .

Robbe-Grillet 's contemporaneous work exhibits similar characteristics : in La Maison de rendez-vous , for example , a ‘ real ’ person turns out to be a dummy , or a narrative sequence is revealed as a theatrical representation or a description of a magazine cover .
robbe-grillet 's contemporaneous work [shows] similar characteristics : in la maison de rendez-vous , for example , a ‘ real ’ person turns out to be a dummy , or a narrative sequence is revealed as a theatrical representation or a description of a magazine cover .

Six thousand visitors made their way to the Business Design Centre in Islington , London to see the exhibits , which ranged from tableware to floorcoverings , fashion to fabrics .
six thousand visitors made their way to the business design centre in islington , london to see the [shows] , which ranged from tableware to floorcoverings , fashion to fabrics .

Once the commitments are in place , it will then need to decide which exhibits its wants to build .
once the commitments are in place , it will then need to decide which [shows] its wants to build .

Fig. 10 : The toroid exhibits greatest sensitivity at right angles to the pickup coil
fig. 10 : the toroid [shows] greatest sensitivity at right angles to the pickup coil

Arlington Mill is well worth exploring , even for those with only a passing interest in milling history , its other exhibits and displays both interesting and informative .
arlington mill is well worth exploring , even for those with only a passing interest in milling history , its other [shows] and displays both interesting and informative .

There are exhibits showing the mill during its working life , a blacksmith 's forge and wheelwright 's shop , as well as a reconstruction of the general village shop .
there are [shows] showing the mill during its working life , a blacksmith 's forge and wheelwright 's shop , as well as a reconstruction of the general village shop .

It was thoroughly well laid out , with fact-sheets for the kids — including free pencils — exhibits dating from the earliest times to the present day and the entrance was through a mock graphite mine .
it was thoroughly well laid out , with fact-sheets for the kids — including free pencils — [shows] dating from the earliest times to the present day and the entrance was through a mock graphite mine .

The collection is small , but contains some delightful exhibits .
the collection is small , but contains some delightful [shows] .

The exhibits cover an interesting range of work all the way from the frankly odd to the vaguely classical , but the gallery should be visited to gain an insight into the current position of Italian art .
the [shows] cover an interesting range of work all the way from the frankly odd to the vaguely classical , but the gallery should be visited to gain an insight into the current position of italian art .

Bragg took the left side of the window , Morton the right , and they inspected the exhibits systematically .
bragg took the left side of the window , morton the right , and they inspected the [shows] systematically .

Norber has achieved fame in geological circles by its display of erratic boulders , and Moughton , not to be outdone , exhibits examples , no less interesting , of unconformity in its rock structures .
norber has achieved fame in geological circles by its display of erratic boulders , and moughton , not to be outdone , [shows] examples , no less interesting , of unconformity in its rock structures .

Earlier , he had visited the museum of San Martino , not to see any of the exhibits but just to take in the view , the huge curve of the Bay .
earlier , he had visited the museum of san martino , not to see any of the [shows] but just to take in the view , the huge curve of the bay .

Fish museum , antique farm machinery , forge and tools , basket making and thatching exhibits .
fish museum , antique farm machinery , forge and tools , basket making and thatching [shows] .

Exhibits provide a glimpse into the social and industrial history of Kettering and include collections of agricultural equipment , shoe-making machinery and the 1907 Kettering-made Robinson car .
[shows] provide a glimpse into the social and industrial history of kettering and include collections of agricultural equipment , shoe-making machinery and the 1907 kettering-made robinson car .

Among the exhibits are fine gilt leather panels , mediaeval caskets and modern designer leathergoods .
among the [shows] are fine gilt leather panels , mediaeval caskets and modern designer leathergoods .

We also went to see the Museo do Pobo Galego , which has fascinating exhibits on rural life , including horréos or granaries , which are found in almost every country garden and look like a stone garden shed on stilts .
we also went to see the museo do pobo galego , which has fascinating [shows] on rural life , including horréos or granaries , which are found in almost every country garden and look like a stone garden shed on stilts .

The judge was Peter Collett of Tangmeres , who also demonstrated how exhibits should be staged to their best advantage .
the judge was peter collett of tangmeres , who also demonstrated how [shows] should be staged to their best advantage .

The Scottish Fisheries Museum , at Harbourhead , has extensive exhibits on Scotland 's important fishing industry , including typical fishermen 's cottages and model fishing vessels .
the scottish fisheries museum , at harbourhead , has extensive [shows] on scotland 's important fishing industry , including typical fishermen 's cottages and model fishing vessels .

The castle , in the care of the National Trust , was built with huge profits made from slate quarrying by the first Lord Penrhyn , and the principal exhibits in the museum are connected with transportation of the quarry products by rail from Bethesda to Port Penrhyn .
the castle , in the care of the national trust , was built with huge profits made from slate quarrying by the first lord penrhyn , and the principal [shows] in the museum are connected with transportation of the quarry products by rail from bethesda to port penrhyn .

The Tonge Moor Textile Museum in Tonge Moor Road ( north-east of town centre ) illustrates the history and techniques of fine cotton spinning , and exhibits include an important collection of machines , such as Crompton 's ‘ Spinning Mule ’ , Hargreaves ' ‘ Spinning Jenny ’ and Arkwright 's ( q.v . )
the tonge moor textile museum in tonge moor road ( north-east of town centre ) illustrates the history and techniques of fine cotton spinning , and [shows] include an important collection of machines , such as crompton 's ‘ spinning mule ’ , hargreaves ' ‘ spinning jenny ’ and arkwright 's ( q.v . )

The National Museum of Wales , close to the city centre , has an important industrial section with exhibits on the coal , iron and steel industries , in particular , illustrating both the history of the industries and some of their techniques .
the national museum of wales , close to the city centre , has an important industrial section with [shows] on the coal , iron and steel industries , in particular , illustrating both the history of the industries and some of their techniques .

In Bute Street , the Welsh Industrial and Maritime Museum exhibits some large machinery , including steam engines , used in various industries and public services .
in bute street , the welsh industrial and maritime museum [shows] some large machinery , including steam engines , used in various industries and public services .

It was rebuilt in 1910 after a disastrous fire , and now houses the Derby Industrial Museum , where there are exhibits on lead and coal mining , stone quarrying , textiles and other local industries .
it was rebuilt in 1910 after a disastrous fire , and now houses the derby industrial museum , where there are [shows] on lead and coal mining , stone quarrying , textiles and other local industries .

The Royal Scottish Museum in Chambers Street has many industrial exhibits , including sections on mining , shipping and transport .
the royal scottish museum in chambers street has many industrial [shows] , including sections on mining , shipping and transport .

As well as a section on the local shipbuilding industry , the McLean Museum in Union Street has important exhibits connected with the steam-engine pioneer James Watt ( q.v . )
as well as a section on the local shipbuilding industry , the mclean museum in union street has important [shows] connected with the steam-engine pioneer james watt ( q.v . )

There are exhibits on many local industries , including bobbin-making , mining and quarrying , as well as examples of Neolithic tools and implements made in the region .
there are [shows] on many local industries , including bobbin-making , mining and quarrying , as well as examples of neolithic tools and implements made in the region .

Shipping and seafaring are among the exhibits in the town 's Shetland County Museum .
shipping and seafaring are among the [shows] in the town 's shetland county museum .

It is packed with exhibits on the application of science to industry and technology , and there are many working models of machinery and equipment as well as full-size machines , engines and instruments .
it is packed with [shows] on the application of science to industry and technology , and there are many working models of machinery and equipment as well as full-size machines , engines and instruments .

Exhibits include hand looms and later machinery .
[shows] include hand looms and later machinery .

The museum exhibits the uses of leather throughout history , with a fine collection of leather craftsman-made objects ( not just footwear ) .
the museum [shows] the uses of leather throughout history , with a fine collection of leather craftsman-made objects ( not just footwear ) .

In London Road there is a Salt Museum with exhibits on the history and techniques of this essential industry , in a building that was once the local workhouse .
in london road there is a salt museum with [shows] on the history and techniques of this essential industry , in a building that was once the local workhouse .

One of Mrs Jarley 's waxwork exhibits .
one of mrs jarley 's waxwork [shows] .

In addition to these buildings , the main exhibits in the outdoor museum consist of an original National Schoolhouse , a Presbyterian Meeting House , Blacksmith 's Forge and Weaver 's Cottage in the Old World side of the Park and a Log Cabin , Pennsylvania Farmhouse and Log Barn in the New World area .
in addition to these buildings , the main [shows] in the outdoor museum consist of an original national schoolhouse , a presbyterian meeting house , blacksmith 's forge and weaver 's cottage in the old world side of the park and a log cabin , pennsylvania farmhouse and log barn in the new world area .

As you stroll through the museum grounds you will be warmly welcomed by historically-dressed interpreters who explain the exhibits and , in the summer months , regularly demonstrate a range of domestic chores and traditional crafts .
as you stroll through the museum grounds you will be warmly welcomed by historically-dressed interpreters who explain the [shows] and , in the summer months , regularly demonstrate a range of domestic chores and traditional crafts .

Exhibits include a widely representative collection of railway rolling stock , including a vehicle from Ireland 's first railway ( 1834 ) , the Dublin and Kingstown .
[shows] include a widely representative collection of railway rolling stock , including a vehicle from ireland 's first railway ( 1834 ) , the dublin and kingstown .

Other rail exhibits include the ‘ Maeve ’ , the largest steam locomotive in this country , and a fine collection representing the Co .
other rail [shows] include the ‘ maeve ’ , the largest steam locomotive in this country , and a fine collection representing the co .

there are also exhibits of bicycles , trams , motor cycles , carriages and motor cars — including the Amphicar which drove across the 30 miles from Scotland to Ireland in 1968 .
there are also [shows] of bicycles , trams , motor cycles , carriages and motor cars — including the amphicar which drove across the 30 miles from scotland to ireland in 1968 .

Sealink Stena Line is an enthusiastic sponsor of the museum 's new souvenir guide book and are delighted to be supporters of such an impressive collection of outdoor folk and transport exhibits .
sealink stena line is an enthusiastic sponsor of the museum 's new souvenir guide book and are delighted to be supporters of such an impressive collection of outdoor folk and transport [shows] .

For exhibits behind glass , shoot at 45° to avoid glare
for [shows] behind glass , shoot at 45° to avoid glare

Over 75,000 nostalgic exhibits dating from 1850 to 1950 crammed into many old-fashioned shop and room displays .
over 75,000 nostalgic [shows] dating from 1850 to 1950 crammed into many old-fashioned shop and room displays .

13th-16thC buildings , tudor barn , 14thC gatehouse , 7 acre moat , working watermill , crafts and bookshop , gardens , trees , varied exhibits .
13th-16thc buildings , tudor barn , 14thc gatehouse , 7 acre moat , working watermill , crafts and bookshop , gardens , trees , varied [shows] .

This unique zoo , with exhibits in beautifully landscaped settings is fun for all the family .
this unique zoo , with [shows] in beautifully landscaped settings is fun for all the family .

Further exhibits depict the opening of the West , Whaling ( with a Captain 's Cabin reproduced from the last of the great Yankee whalers ) , Textiles ( with a fine collection of quilts and hooked rugs ) , Pewter , Glass and Silver .
further [shows] depict the opening of the west , whaling ( with a captain 's cabin reproduced from the last of the great yankee whalers ) , textiles ( with a fine collection of quilts and hooked rugs ) , pewter , glass and silver .

You will see over 100,000 fascinating nostalgic exhibits dating from 1850 to 1950 .
you will see over 100,000 fascinating nostalgic [shows] dating from 1850 to 1950 .

See well over 50,000 exhibits collected by Jan and Graham Upton during the past 30 years and now shown on three floors of authentic Victorian style Shops .
see well over 50,000 [shows] collected by jan and graham upton during the past 30 years and now shown on three floors of authentic victorian style shops .

The British Museum ( Natural History ) exhibits a print of a 1783 fireball with the contemporary caption that it was ‘ of that species of Meteor which Dr Woodward and others call the Draco volans or flying dragon . ’
the british museum ( natural history ) [shows] a print of a 1783 fireball with the contemporary caption that it was ‘ of that species of meteor which dr woodward and others call the draco volans or flying dragon . ’

He says that the centre is not in competition with existing science museums , where valuable exhibits are preserved inside glass cases .
he says that the centre is not in competition with existing science museums , where valuable [shows] are preserved inside glass cases .

Initially Exploratory will house 500 exhibits , Gregory hopes it will become a centre for research into communication and understanding in science .
initially exploratory will house 500 [shows] , gregory hopes it will become a centre for research into communication and understanding in science .

Instead , the exhibits may ( for example ) be presented in a ‘ gee-whiz , would-you-believe-it ?
instead , the [shows] may ( for example ) be presented in a ‘ gee-whiz , would-you-believe-it ?

As one of us has shown ( Miles et al , The design of Educational Exhibits , George Allen and Unwin , 1982 ) , it is entirely within the scope of most exhibitions to provide this kind of introductory guidance .
as one of us has shown ( miles et al , the design of educational [shows] , george allen and unwin , 1982 ) , it is entirely within the scope of most exhibitions to provide this kind of introductory guidance .

The best exhibits at the gallery are the mock-ups of old telegraph offices , exchanges and wireless ops rooms .
the best [shows] at the gallery are the mock-ups of old telegraph offices , exchanges and wireless ops rooms .

Like most twiners , dodder exhibits either equal growth all around its cylindrical axis , which yields a relatively straight vine , or grows unequally , which allows it to coil around and climb up a linear object such as a host plant .
like most twiners , dodder [shows] either equal growth all around its cylindrical axis , which yields a relatively straight vine , or grows unequally , which allows it to coil around and climb up a linear object such as a host plant .

If you can help the school with photos or exhibits or would like to get involved in some way , ‘ phone 0420 23273 .
if you can help the school with photos or [shows] or would like to get involved in some way , ‘ phone 0420 23273 .

As Valère , Alex Hardy exhibits a Basil Fawlty brand of obsequious contempt for his master .
as valère , alex hardy [shows] a basil fawlty brand of obsequious contempt for his master .

Juliet Chamberlain , who shares the ground floor with her husband , also exhibits local scenes as well as evidence from both parties of the Upton Grey couple 's recent trip to the Far East , and she also has on display a wealth of floral studies in pastel .
juliet chamberlain , who shares the ground floor with her husband , also [shows] local scenes as well as evidence from both parties of the upton grey couple 's recent trip to the far east , and she also has on display a wealth of floral studies in pastel .

Instead Fera Pessima exhibits a quite different feeling of steady harmonic movement , which when considered together with the work 's wealth of comparatively strict imitation certainly suggests and essay in an altogether more ‘ up-to-date ’ manner , even if the date itself eludes inquiry .
instead fera pessima [shows] a quite different feeling of steady harmonic movement , which when considered together with the work 's wealth of comparatively strict imitation certainly suggests and essay in an altogether more ‘ up-to-date ’ manner , even if the date itself eludes inquiry .

The concluding Fugue , for example , exhibits a clarity and lightness of texture which once again serves to negate the label of prolixity which for too long has been attached to Reger .
the concluding fugue , for example , [shows] a clarity and lightness of texture which once again serves to negate the label of prolixity which for too long has been attached to reger .

The new Savoy exhibits a more open sound than the Vogue ‘ original Bird ’ ( which has a distinctly ‘ bathroom ’ acoustic ) , with much more space between instruments , especially around the soloist .
the new savoy [shows] a more open sound than the vogue ‘ original bird ’ ( which has a distinctly ‘ bathroom ’ acoustic ) , with much more space between instruments , especially around the soloist .

With the considerable degree of replanting in the last few centuries it is possible that the Weald now exhibits a more wooded aspect than at any time since the early medieval period .
with the considerable degree of replanting in the last few centuries it is possible that the weald now [shows] a more wooded aspect than at any time since the early medieval period .

He set up a Christmas Carnival , taking over the entire St James 's hall and theatre complex , putting on side shows and trade exhibits .
he set up a christmas carnival , taking over the entire st james 's hall and theatre complex , putting on side shows and trade [shows] .

78 has this comment : ‘ This Plate exhibits one of these new buildings which afford comforts the poor inhabitants of the picturesque seldome enjoy ; but it is but just to observe that the wealthy residents in Ambleside , natives and strangers , are exceedingly attentive to the wants of the needy , and supply them with a discriminating kindness that does equal honour to their heads and to their hearts .
78 has this comment : ‘ this plate [shows] one of these new buildings which afford comforts the poor inhabitants of the picturesque seldome enjoy ; but it is but just to observe that the wealthy residents in ambleside , natives and strangers , are exceedingly attentive to the wants of the needy , and supply them with a discriminating kindness that does equal honour to their heads and to their hearts .

It is based on real people , genuine exhibits and historical facts .
it is based on real people , genuine [shows] and historical facts .

The Midland Air Museum , incorporating the Sir Frank Whittle Jet Heritage Centre , houses a unique collection of aircraft , engines , and supporting exhibits illustrating the fascinating story of the jet age .
the midland air museum , incorporating the sir frank whittle jet heritage centre , houses a unique collection of aircraft , engines , and supporting [shows] illustrating the fascinating story of the jet age .

There is a wealth of Coventry-produced aircraft and other exhibits , dominated by the giant Armstrong-Whitworth built Argosy freighter of 1959 .
there is a wealth of coventry-produced aircraft and other [shows] , dominated by the giant armstrong-whitworth built argosy freighter of 1959 .

We stress that information only exhibits value when it is put to use in a specific context .
we stress that information only [shows] value when it is put to use in a specific context .

National Museum of Labour History ( London ) The extensive collections of exhibits , records and papers cover radical movements from the Industrial Revolution onwards : Labour Party , Independent Labour Party , and the archives of many trade unions .
national museum of labour history ( london ) the extensive collections of [shows] , records and papers cover radical movements from the industrial revolution onwards : labour party , independent labour party , and the archives of many trade unions .

That obviously does not extend to the levels of awareness which human consciousness exhibits , but where do you draw the line ?
that obviously does not extend to the levels of awareness which human consciousness [shows] , but where do you draw the line ?

The children of the village had collected the exhibits and the anciens were expounding their characteristics .
the children of the village had collected the [shows] and the anciens were expounding their characteristics .

Their data are summarised in Table 7.3 , which shows that pasture with a low intensity land-use exhibits characteristics that most closely resemble those of undisturbed forest , i.e .
their data are summarised in table 7.3 , which shows that pasture with a low intensity land-use [shows] characteristics that most closely resemble those of undisturbed forest , i.e .

Art exhibits in the United States have shown retablos ex-votos that depict the treacherous experience of immigrating to the United States .
art [shows] in the united states have shown retablos ex-votos that depict the treacherous experience of immigrating to the united states .

Machismo describes a stereotypic image of a Chicano/Latino man who is extraordinarily aggressive , stresses dominance over his wife and family , exhibits physical and sexual prowess , and places strong emphasis on masculine rigidity .
machismo describes a stereotypic image of a chicano/latino man who is extraordinarily aggressive , stresses dominance over his wife and family , [shows] physical and sexual prowess , and places strong emphasis on masculine rigidity .

Figure .a exhibits a cannon , clearly marked “ cannon , ” firing a cannonball , clearly marked “ cannonball , ” that hits the ground some distance away , creating a hole , clearly marked “ hole. ” In addition to creating the hole , the cannonball , now embedded in the bottom of the hole , has created hot dirt , marked “ hot dirt . ”
figure .a [shows] a cannon , clearly marked “ cannon , ” firing a cannonball , clearly marked “ cannonball , ” that hits the ground some distance away , creating a hole , clearly marked “ hole. ” in addition to creating the hole , the cannonball , now embedded in the bottom of the hole , has created hot dirt , marked “ hot dirt . ”

The propagating union of work cum record cum measurement cum constraint construction , the propagation of organization unfolding and diversifying , exhibits the very creativity of the universe .
the propagating union of work cum record cum measurement cum constraint construction , the propagation of organization unfolding and diversifying , [shows] the very creativity of the universe .

Most readers are familiar with the famous two-slit experiment , which exhibits the fundamental oddness of quantum interference .
most readers are familiar with the famous two-slit experiment , which [shows] the fundamental oddness of quantum interference .

Today the Museo Sefardí ( Sephardic Museum ) is attached to Samuel Levi ’ s synagogue , with exhibits of medieval tombs , scrolls , and vestments .
today the museo sefardí ( sephardic museum ) is attached to samuel levi ’ s synagogue , with [shows] of medieval tombs , scrolls , and vestments .

Walking from the fishing harbor north toward the commercial port will take you past the small Folklore Museum , with exhibits of traditional Greek household items .
walking from the fishing harbor north toward the commercial port will take you past the small folklore museum , with [shows] of traditional greek household items .

Among its many exhibits , there are funerary statues and other items from the island of Rhenia , the burial ground for the inhabitants of Delos .
among its many [shows] , there are funerary statues and other items from the island of rhenia , the burial ground for the inhabitants of delos .

It has few facilities for tourists , but a friendly atmosphere and a good archaeological museum that exhibits a giant kouros 5 m ( 16 ft ) high .
it has few facilities for tourists , but a friendly atmosphere and a good archaeological museum that [shows] a giant kouros 5 m ( 16 ft ) high .

The Gallery in the Forest , once the old sawmill , houses many other exhibits , and the Theatre in the Forest holds concerts and performances on weekends in the summer .
the gallery in the forest , once the old sawmill , houses many other [shows] , and the theatre in the forest holds concerts and performances on weekends in the summer .

More exotic exhibits include playful otters and a large sea-water tank housing sharks and sting rays .
more exotic [shows] include playful otters and a large sea-water tank housing sharks and sting rays .

The Lakeland Motor Museum on the grounds has around 100 exhibits of various forms of vintage transport .
the lakeland motor museum on the grounds has around 100 [shows] of various forms of vintage transport .

It ’ s in Hong Kong ’ s oldest colonial building , with exhibits describing the history of tea from the Warring States period ( 475–221 b.c . )
it ’ s in hong kong ’ s oldest colonial building , with [shows] describing the history of tea from the warring states period ( 475–221 b.c . )

The old laboratory is still intact , and there are exhibits on Chinese pharmacology and the history of medicine in Hong Kong .
the old laboratory is still intact , and there are [shows] on chinese pharmacology and the history of medicine in hong kong .

Its futuristic dome design is striking ; inside are interactive exhibits , including one in which you can experience weightlessness .
its futuristic dome design is striking ; inside are interactive [shows] , including one in which you can experience weightlessness .

Exhibits cover fishing , seaborne trade , sea transport , and there is an aquarium .
[shows] cover fishing , seaborne trade , sea transport , and there is an aquarium .

Actually a five-story pavilion on a hilltop , it contains a fine collection of historical exhibits .
actually a five-story pavilion on a hilltop , it contains a fine collection of historical [shows] .

Other exhibits include gilded thrones studded with precious stones , a pair of solid gold candlesticks set with 666 diamonds ( one for each verse of the Koran ) , and reliquaries containing the hand and part of the skull of John the Baptist .
other [shows] include gilded thrones studded with precious stones , a pair of solid gold candlesticks set with 666 diamonds ( one for each verse of the koran ) , and reliquaries containing the hand and part of the skull of john the baptist .

The fascinating exhibits include a section of the massive chain that the Byzantines used to stretch across the mouth of the Golden Horn to keep out enemy ships , as well as captured enemy cannon and military banners , the campaign tents from which the Ottoman sultans controlled their armies , and examples of uniforms , armour , and weapons from the earliest days of the Empire down to the 20th century .
the fascinating [shows] include a section of the massive chain that the byzantines used to stretch across the mouth of the golden horn to keep out enemy ships , as well as captured enemy cannon and military banners , the campaign tents from which the ottoman sultans controlled their armies , and examples of uniforms , armour , and weapons from the earliest days of the empire down to the 20th century .

A small corner of the building is kept as a museum in her memory — the exhibits include the lamp that gave her her nickname .
a small corner of the building is kept as a museum in her memory — the [shows] include the lamp that gave her her nickname .

You ’ ll find many amusing exhibits of street games , clockwork figures , dolls , and teddy bears to bring back memories of your own youth .
you ’ ll find many amusing [shows] of street games , clockwork figures , dolls , and teddy bears to bring back memories of your own youth .

Facing the Tolbooth is Huntly House Museum , the local history museum for the city , presenting exhibits dating from prehistoric times to the present .
facing the tolbooth is huntly house museum , the local history museum for the city , presenting [shows] dating from prehistoric times to the present .

The exhibits are entertaining and educational for all age groups , posing questions about our roles as managers of the earth ’ s resources and the future of the planet .
the [shows] are entertaining and educational for all age groups , posing questions about our roles as managers of the earth ’ s resources and the future of the planet .

Exhibits are devoted to Scottish pioneers Sir Alexander Fleming and Alexander Graham Bell , among others .
[shows] are devoted to scottish pioneers sir alexander fleming and alexander graham bell , among others .

There are always several temporary exhibits to explore , along with a café and gift shop .
there are always several temporary [shows] to explore , along with a café and gift shop .

It holds regular exhibits and displays by academy members .
it holds regular [shows] and displays by academy members .

The Science Museum in Tsim Sha Tsui East allows children to get their hands on over half of its 500 exhibits , while the nearby Space Museum has regular screenings on an enormous Omnimax screen in its Space Theater , making the night sky come vibrantly alive .
the science museum in tsim sha tsui east allows children to get their hands on over half of its 500 [shows] , while the nearby space museum has regular screenings on an enormous omnimax screen in its space theater , making the night sky come vibrantly alive .

The Diaspora Museum and Museum of Art in Tel Aviv and the Israel Museum in Jerusalem all have youth sections with exhibits and activities .
the diaspora museum and museum of art in tel aviv and the israel museum in jerusalem all have youth sections with [shows] and activities .

The California Science Center and IMAX Theaterfeatures many interactive exhibits as well as the IMAX .
the california science center and imax theaterfeatures many interactive [shows] as well as the imax .

Outstanding among the exhibits are Buddhist sculpture of the tenth- and 11th-century Heian era , illustrated narrative scrolls from the 13th-century Kamakura period , paintings by the great Muromachi artist Sesshu , and woodblock prints by the Edo-period masters Utamaro , Hiroshige , and Hokusai .
outstanding among the [shows] are buddhist sculpture of the tenth- and 11th-century heian era , illustrated narrative scrolls from the 13th-century kamakura period , paintings by the great muromachi artist sesshu , and woodblock prints by the edo-period masters utamaro , hiroshige , and hokusai .

The Silk Museum on the second floor , with its collection of kimono and exhibits of the silk-making process , evokes the period when Yokohama was the hub of that industry .
the silk museum on the second floor , with its collection of kimono and [shows] of the silk-making process , evokes the period when yokohama was the hub of that industry .

The exhibits are chosen for their resistance to the elements , and the museum is as lovely in winter as it is in summer .
the [shows] are chosen for their resistance to the elements , and the museum is as lovely in winter as it is in summer .

The painstakingly recreated buildings contain exhibits of the trades and crafts of the day , including a dyer ’ s workshop , a merchant ’ s office , and samurai homes .
the painstakingly recreated buildings contain [shows] of the trades and crafts of the day , including a dyer ’ s workshop , a merchant ’ s office , and samurai homes .

The permanent collection is housed in the old wing , and its fascinating exhibits showcase the development of Chinese-influenced Buddhist art and design .
the permanent collection is housed in the old wing , and its fascinating [shows] showcase the development of chinese-influenced buddhist art and design .

One of the most powerful exhibits is a single photograph : a human shadow left imprinted on the steps of the Sumitomo Bank at the moment of the “ flash .
one of the most powerful [shows] is a single photograph : a human shadow left imprinted on the steps of the sumitomo bank at the moment of the “ flash .

Chiran ’ s Kamikaze Museum , which includes a monumental statue of a pilot , exhibits the young men ’ s uniforms , helmets , and final letters to their families explaining that they were continuing the samurai spirit of defending the country ’ s traditional values .
chiran ’ s kamikaze museum , which includes a monumental statue of a pilot , [shows] the young men ’ s uniforms , helmets , and final letters to their families explaining that they were continuing the samurai spirit of defending the country ’ s traditional values .

The exhibits powerfully document the build-up to the dropping of the atomic bomb on Nagasaki and the appalling effects of the blast itself and its aftermath .
the [shows] powerfully document the build-up to the dropping of the atomic bomb on nagasaki and the appalling effects of the blast itself and its aftermath .

The city goes western with endless satellite events : beauty pageants , parties and dances at bars , cowboy-themed art exhibits , musical events at Downtown ’ s Fremont Street Experience , and golf tournaments .
the city goes western with endless satellite events : beauty pageants , parties and dances at bars , cowboy-themed art [shows] , musical events at downtown ’ s fremont street experience , and golf tournaments .

The museum exhibits sarcophagi , Etruscan and imported Greek vases , and some of the best wall-paintings — all in reconstructed tombs .
the museum [shows] sarcophagi , etruscan and imported greek vases , and some of the best wall-paintings — all in reconstructed tombs .

The cathedral museum exhibits two major works by Ferrara ’ s 15th-century master Cosmè Tura , St. George and the Annunciation , and sculptures by Jacopo della Quercia , Madonna of the Pomegranate and St. Maurelius .
the cathedral museum [shows] two major works by ferrara ’ s 15th-century master cosmè tura , st. george and the annunciation , and sculptures by jacopo della quercia , madonna of the pomegranate and st. maurelius .

The Galleria Nazionale ( on Piazzale Marconi ) exhibits more excellent works of Correggio and Parmigianino , and an added prize of the collection , the sketch of a young girl , Testa di Fanciulla , by Leonardo da Vinci .
the galleria nazionale ( on piazzale marconi ) [shows] more excellent works of correggio and parmigianino , and an added prize of the collection , the sketch of a young girl , testa di fanciulla , by leonardo da vinci .

Its sumptuous royal apartments are the draw , but it also features temporary exhibits .
its sumptuous royal apartments are the draw , but it also features temporary [shows] .

Exhibitions of contemporary sculpture are held in the gardens , which also feature permanent exhibits of modern art , including Daniel Buren ’ s controversial black-and-white-striped stone columns .
exhibitions of contemporary sculpture are held in the gardens , which also feature permanent [shows] of modern art , including daniel buren ’ s controversial black-and-white-striped stone columns .

Today it houses a number of museums , the most important of which is the Musée de l ’ Armée ( Museum of the Army ) , with exhibits stretching as far back as the Stone Age .
today it houses a number of museums , the most important of which is the musée de l ’ armée ( museum of the army ) , with [shows] stretching as far back as the stone age .

Like many other World ’ s Fair exhibits , the tower was slated for destruction in 1910 .
like many other world ’ s fair [shows] , the tower was slated for destruction in 1910 .

Pick up a copy of the free handbook with color-coded floor plans at the information counter — renovations and improvements are almost constant and exhibits may have moved since your last visit .
pick up a copy of the free handbook with color-coded floor plans at the information counter — renovations and improvements are almost constant and [shows] may have moved since your last visit .

The Explora science museum has exciting exhibits on everything from astronomy and mathematics to computer science .
the explora science museum has exciting [shows] on everything from astronomy and mathematics to computer science .

Children will enjoy the Cité de la Mer ( 37 Rue de l ’ Asile Thomas ) , with exhibits on the history of boatbuilding , the fishing industry , and how tides and currents shape the coastline .
children will enjoy the cité de la mer ( 37 rue de l ’ asile thomas ) , with [shows] on the history of boatbuilding , the fishing industry , and how tides and currents shape the coastline .

The Musée de la Préhistoire ( 10 Place de la Chapelle ) exhibits artifacts representative of local life during the Paleolithic , Neolithic , Bronze , Iron , and Roman ages .
the musée de la préhistoire ( 10 place de la chapelle ) [shows] artifacts representative of local life during the paleolithic , neolithic , bronze , iron , and roman ages .

The building is undergoing restoration that will last until 2004 but the exhibits are expected to remain open .
the building is undergoing restoration that will last until 2004 but the [shows] are expected to remain open .

The Carré d ’ Art , an ultramodern building opposite the Maison Carrée , exhibits modern art .
the carré d ’ art , an ultramodern building opposite the maison carrée , [shows] modern art .

Children who are suffering from an overload of art and architecture will enjoy the caves with their stalactites and stalagmites , as well as the exhibits and zoo at Le Thot .
children who are suffering from an overload of art and architecture will enjoy the caves with their stalactites and stalagmites , as well as the [shows] and zoo at le thot .

Complete your visit with a side trip to Le Thot , where the museum has excellent audiovisual exhibits and models of cave life ; the nearby park has been turned into a zoo devoted to descendants of the animals portrayed at Lascaux .
complete your visit with a side trip to le thot , where the museum has excellent audiovisual [shows] and models of cave life ; the nearby park has been turned into a zoo devoted to descendants of the animals portrayed at lascaux .

The Temple Bar Gallery ( Temple Bar ) exhibits the work of up to 40 resident artists .
the temple bar gallery ( temple bar ) [shows] the work of up to 40 resident artists .

The new Irish Music Hall of Fame ( IMHF ) , 57 Middle Abbey Street , presents concerts and other events , along with its exhibits and audio-visual tour through the history of Irish pop music .
the new irish music hall of fame ( imhf ) , 57 middle abbey street , presents concerts and other events , along with its [shows] and audio-visual tour through the history of irish pop music .

Many of the exhibits are of international standing and all are beautifully displayed and well-captioned .
many of the [shows] are of international standing and all are beautifully displayed and well-captioned .

It tells the story of the Holocaust in words , pictures , art , sculpture , and other exhibits .
it tells the story of the holocaust in words , pictures , art , sculpture , and other [shows] .

Instead of ancient artefacts it shows the lifestyle and achievements of myriad Jewish communities around the globe through high-tec h audio-visual displays , hands-on exhibits , scale models ( many of which are exquisite ) , and reconstructions .
instead of ancient artefacts it shows the lifestyle and achievements of myriad jewish communities around the globe through high-tec h audio-visual displays , hands-on [shows] , scale models ( many of which are exquisite ) , and reconstructions .

The Haifa Railway Museum , on Hativat Golani Road , has a number of large locomotives and exhibits to please any train-spotter .
the haifa railway museum , on hativat golani road , has a number of large locomotives and [shows] to please any train-spotter .

The museum has ancient and modern art , an excellent archaeology section , and temporary exhibits of music and ethnology .
the museum has ancient and modern art , an excellent archaeology section , and temporary [shows] of music and ethnology .

The palace museum displays a colorful collection of exhibits , giving insight into the daily life of those who lived there .
the palace museum displays a colorful collection of [shows] , giving insight into the daily life of those who lived there .

From ninth-century Pallavas and Cholas to the rich style of the Vijayanagar kingdom ( 1336–1565 ) , the exhibits make a fascinating demonstration in stone of the glory of south India .
from ninth-century pallavas and cholas to the rich style of the vijayanagar kingdom ( 1336–1565 ) , the [shows] make a fascinating demonstration in stone of the glory of south india .

They also have rotating special exhibits that change every two months .
they also have rotating special [shows] that change every two months .

There are also ever-changing special exhibits .
there are also ever-changing special [shows] .

Nearby , at 6060 Wilshire , at Fairfax , the Petersen Automotive Museum celebrates the town ’ s love affair with cars , showcasing over 160 distinctive motor vehicles , with special exhibits on automotive themes .
nearby , at 6060 wilshire , at fairfax , the petersen automotive museum celebrates the town ’ s love affair with cars , showcasing over 160 distinctive motor vehicles , with special [shows] on automotive themes .

Opened in 1993 , the Museum of Tolerance ( 9786 West Pico Boulevard ) is a chilling and provocative experience , with impressive high-tech , exhibits exploring racism and prejudice in America and elsewhere .
opened in 1993 , the museum of tolerance ( 9786 west pico boulevard ) is a chilling and provocative experience , with impressive high-tech , [shows] exploring racism and prejudice in america and elsewhere .

The Edgemar complex , located in the 2400 block , exhibits the work of L.A. ’ s favorite postmodern architect , Frank Gehry ( a Santa Monica resident ) .
the edgemar complex , located in the 2400 block , [shows] the work of l.a. ’ s favorite postmodern architect , frank gehry ( a santa monica resident ) .

Among the highlights of some three dozen galleries are dioramas of animals in their natural habitats , an impressive mounted megamouth shark , a collection of pre-Columbian artifacts , major exhibits on American history , and the Hall of Birds , with an animated rainforest .
among the highlights of some three dozen galleries are dioramas of animals in their natural habitats , an impressive mounted megamouth shark , a collection of pre-columbian artifacts , major [shows] on american history , and the hall of birds , with an animated rainforest .

The California ScienceCenter andIMAX Theater ( 700 State Drive ) presents technological exhibits from robotics and fiber optics to a miniature winery .
the california sciencecenter andimax theater ( 700 state drive ) presents technological [shows] from robotics and fiber optics to a miniature winery .

Exhibits include the Hall of Science , with a Foucault Pendulum and a Cosmic Ray Cloud Chamber .
[shows] include the hall of science , with a foucault pendulum and a cosmic ray cloud chamber .

You can wander around the grand staterooms , promenade deck , bridge , and other exhibits that portray life in the working and living quarters of the ship .
you can wander around the grand staterooms , promenade deck , bridge , and other [shows] that portray life in the working and living quarters of the ship .

At the other end of this building you ’ ll also find Infokraf , where the Malaysian Handicraft Development Corporation has a permanent exhibition of national craftwork , with many exhibits for sale .
at the other end of this building you ’ ll also find infokraf , where the malaysian handicraft development corporation has a permanent exhibition of national craftwork , with many [shows] for sale .

Other museums include the National History Museum on Jalan Raja south of the Dataran Merdeka , with exhibits on the country ’ s history dating back 520 million years ( metamorphic sandstone ) as well as a 40,000-year-old homo sapiens skull .
other museums include the national history museum on jalan raja south of the dataran merdeka , with [shows] on the country ’ s history dating back 520 million years ( metamorphic sandstone ) as well as a 40,000-year-old homo sapiens skull .

In addition to exhibits of Perak ’ s rich variety of minerals , ores , and fossils are models of tin-mining equipment .
in addition to [shows] of perak ’ s rich variety of minerals , ores , and fossils are models of tin-mining equipment .

Exhibits include models of ships that have called at the port over its long and glorious history .
[shows] include models of ships that have called at the port over its long and glorious history .

The Johor Art Gallery building ( 1910 ) , built in a similar period style , exhibits clothing , weapons , currency , and manuscripts , as well as examples of calligraphy and ceramic items along with artworks .
the johor art gallery building ( 1910 ) , built in a similar period style , [shows] clothing , weapons , currency , and manuscripts , as well as examples of calligraphy and ceramic items along with artworks .

The new wing , completed in 1983 , has more galleries and archeological exhibits , including a reconstruction of the early human settlements at the Niah Caves .
the new wing , completed in 1983 , has more galleries and archeological [shows] , including a reconstruction of the early human settlements at the niah caves .

The building has a light and spacious modern design , offering the chance to wander easily among the exhibits .
the building has a light and spacious modern design , offering the chance to wander easily among the [shows] .

Its exhibits fascinating photographs of the railway , dubbed “ the old rattle and shake ” by locals .
its [shows] fascinating photographs of the railway , dubbed “ the old rattle and shake ” by locals .

The museum curators take a genuine delight in demonstrating various exhibits : it ’ s well worth a visit .
the museum curators take a genuine delight in demonstrating various [shows] : it ’ s well worth a visit .

A 17th-century Turkish tent decked out with carpets is one highlight , while other exhibits run the gamut of war and peace from suits of armour to room reconstructions .
a 17th-century turkish tent decked out with carpets is one highlight , while other [shows] run the gamut of war and peace from suits of armour to room reconstructions .

It is worth a visit for the palatial interiors alone , but the exhibits here are also some of the most fascinating in the city .
it is worth a visit for the palatial interiors alone , but the [shows] here are also some of the most fascinating in the city .

There are some colourful and interesting exhibits here ( particularly the correspondence between Thomas Edison and the Hungarian telecommunications pioneer Tivadar Puskás ) , but the real attraction is the building itself , particularly the stairway and balcony decorated with outstanding frescoes by Károly Lotz .
there are some colourful and interesting [shows] here ( particularly the correspondence between thomas edison and the hungarian telecommunications pioneer tivadar puskás ) , but the real attraction is the building itself , particularly the stairway and balcony decorated with outstanding frescoes by károly lotz .

The building ’ s Greco-Romanesque rotunda contrasts with the technological wizardry inside the Exploratorium — a modern hands-on science museum with changing exhibits that feature all kinds of natural phenomena .
the building ’ s greco-romanesque rotunda contrasts with the technological wizardry inside the exploratorium — a modern hands-on science museum with changing [shows] that feature all kinds of natural phenomena .

The great age of sail is commemorated along the Hyde Street Pier by the majestic lines of the square-rigged ship Balclutha , and the many other exhibits of the National Maritime Museum .
the great age of sail is commemorated along the hyde street pier by the majestic lines of the square-rigged ship balclutha , and the many other [shows] of the national maritime museum .

The Asian Art Museum next door exhibits over 10,000 magnificent art treasures , donated to San Francisco in 1966 by Avery Brundage ; it will relocate to the old public library building in 2001 .
the asian art museum next door [shows] over 10,000 magnificent art treasures , donated to san francisco in 1966 by avery brundage ; it will relocate to the old public library building in 2001 .

Of special note is the Natural History Museum ( 900 Exposition Boulevard ) with its child-geared Discovery Center , and the California Museum of Science and Industry ( 700 State Drive ) , which features technological exhibits .
of special note is the natural history museum ( 900 exposition boulevard ) with its child-geared discovery center , and the california museum of science and industry ( 700 state drive ) , which features technological [shows] .

Between La Brea and Western Avenue , the boulevard exhibits the fine , tacky splendor of the 1920s and 30s , with its low , flat stucco buildings , a droopy palm tree or two , and even some vintage Packards and Buicks parked out on the street .
between la brea and western avenue , the boulevard [shows] the fine , tacky splendor of the 1920s and 30s , with its low , flat stucco buildings , a droopy palm tree or two , and even some vintage packards and buicks parked out on the street .

Its interactive exhibits focus on the history of racism in America , highlighting Beit Hashoah , the Holocaust .
its interactive [shows] focus on the history of racism in america , highlighting beit hashoah , the holocaust .

Most of the exhibits show that the area was an important trading zone for centuries , with items from far-off cultures such as the Teotihuacan and Toltec .
most of the [shows] show that the area was an important trading zone for centuries , with items from far-off cultures such as the teotihuacan and toltec .

Just before reaching La Base , on the beach side of the Costera , is the Casa de la Cultura , a small cultural complex with rotating art exhibits and an archeological museum .
just before reaching la base , on the beach side of the costera , is the casa de la cultura , a small cultural complex with rotating art [shows] and an archeological museum .

For a town of barely 5,000 inhabitants , Bocairente ’ s two small museums are impressive : the Museo Histórico ( Historical Museum ) is noted for a collection of Stone Age pottery , and the Museo Parroquial ( Parish Museum ) exhibits important paintings by Juan de Juanes , Ribalta , and Sorolla .
for a town of barely 5,000 inhabitants , bocairente ’ s two small museums are impressive : the museo histórico ( historical museum ) is noted for a collection of stone age pottery , and the museo parroquial ( parish museum ) [shows] important paintings by juan de juanes , ribalta , and sorolla .

Be sure to see the exhibits of Iberian and Roman finds displayed in the excellent local museum .
be sure to see the [shows] of iberian and roman finds displayed in the excellent local museum .

Museum exhibits present all aspects of Murcian country life , including traditional furnishings .
museum [shows] present all aspects of murcian country life , including traditional furnishings .

Besides its permanent art collections and popular library open to all , ingenious exhibits cover every aspect of contemporary life , artistic and technological , and the aesthetics of consumer culture .
besides its permanent art collections and popular library open to all , ingenious [shows] cover every aspect of contemporary life , artistic and technological , and the aesthetics of consumer culture .

Its most famous exhibits are the wonderful 15th-century tapestries , including the Lady with the Unicorn .
its most famous [shows] are the wonderful 15th-century tapestries , including the lady with the unicorn .

The fine museum inside traces the cultures of the Arab world , both the pre-Islamic and Islamic periods , with first-rate temporary exhibits .
the fine museum inside traces the cultures of the arab world , both the pre-islamic and islamic periods , with first-rate temporary [shows] .

The adjoining Museum National d ’ Histoire Naturelle has done a fine job of renovating its venerable exhibits of fossils , skeletons , butterflies , and mineral samples .
the adjoining museum national d ’ histoire naturelle has done a fine job of renovating its venerable [shows] of fossils , skeletons , butterflies , and mineral samples .

The locations of some of the most famous exhibits are pinpointed .
the locations of some of the most famous [shows] are pinpointed .

One of the exhibits is older still : the fragments of a monument to Jupiter ( first century a.d. ) discovered near Notre-Dame .
one of the [shows] is older still : the fragments of a monument to jupiter ( first century a.d. ) discovered near notre-dame .

There are four floors of interactive exhibits , including a real dentist ’ s chair where mom or dad can be examined by their offspring , and a giant bubble machine on the upper floor .
there are four floors of interactive [shows] , including a real dentist ’ s chair where mom or dad can be examined by their offspring , and a giant bubble machine on the upper floor .

Its considerable campus serves 42,000 students , and the university museum , in a modern one-story structure nearby , exhibits contemporary Puerto Rican paintings and sculptures , along with archaeological evidence of the talents of the island ’ s original Indian inhabitants .
its considerable campus serves 42,000 students , and the university museum , in a modern one-story structure nearby , [shows] contemporary puerto rican paintings and sculptures , along with archaeological evidence of the talents of the island ’ s original indian inhabitants .

The exhibits document the history of the town since its founding .
the [shows] document the history of the town since its founding .

Watch out for the sting-ray , shark , and turtle pools , where regular feeding times are posted ; you ’ ll even get a chance to pet some of the exhibits .
watch out for the sting-ray , shark , and turtle pools , where regular feeding times are posted ; you ’ ll even get a chance to pet some of the [shows] .

The exhibits are neither well-organized nor labeled but , as this is also a study center , there may be someone knowledgeable on hand .
the [shows] are neither well-organized nor labeled but , as this is also a study center , there may be someone knowledgeable on hand .

Some of the most impressive exhibits are the photographs of the rajas and their families , dating from before 1908 , the year of the puputan which took place in the open space in front of the palace and marked the end of effective resistance to the Dutch ( see page 19 ) .
some of the most impressive [shows] are the photographs of the rajas and their families , dating from before 1908 , the year of the puputan which took place in the open space in front of the palace and marked the end of effective resistance to the dutch ( see page 19 ) .

The huge , drab , gray building adjacent to the Plaza is the Cabildo Insular ( local government headquarters ) which also houses the tourist office and the Museo Arqueológico , with important exhibits illustrating the life and death rituals of Guanche society ( see page 13 ) .
the huge , drab , gray building adjacent to the plaza is the cabildo insular ( local government headquarters ) which also houses the tourist office and the museo arqueológico , with important [shows] illustrating the life and death rituals of guanche society ( see page 13 ) .

By way of a multi-lingual introductory video show , a surprisingly informative and entertaining brochure , and exhibits in its 12,000-sq-m ( nearly 3-acre ) park which boasts , besides numerous bananas , a superb collection of exotic trees , shrubs , flowers , and cacti from all over the world ( open daily 9am–6pm ; admission 1,000 ptas , r6.01 ) .
by way of a multi-lingual introductory video show , a surprisingly informative and entertaining brochure , and [shows] in its 12,000-sq-m ( nearly 3-acre ) park which boasts , besides numerous bananas , a superb collection of exotic trees , shrubs , flowers , and cacti from all over the world ( open daily 9am–6pm ; admission 1,000 ptas , r6.01 ) .

An atmospheric museum , it recreates the Age of Discovery with exhibits of navigational instruments , charts , weapons , and everyday items of the period .
an atmospheric museum , it recreates the age of discovery with [shows] of navigational instruments , charts , weapons , and everyday items of the period .

This includes works by Picasso and Miró , and is also notable for the contrast between the modern exhibits and the ancient structure that houses them .
this includes works by picasso and miró , and is also notable for the contrast between the modern [shows] and the ancient structure that houses them .

High on top of the extinct volcano of Guanapay , the castle now hosts the Museo del Emigrante Canario , where sepia photos and nostalgic exhibits tell the sad story of how mass emigration to South America was the only option left for many Canarian families .
high on top of the extinct volcano of guanapay , the castle now hosts the museo del emigrante canario , where sepia photos and nostalgic [shows] tell the sad story of how mass emigration to south america was the only option left for many canarian families .

Other exhibits concentrate on later events , like the first attempt to integrate the schools in 1848 .
other [shows] concentrate on later events , like the first attempt to integrate the schools in 1848 .

Exhibits also show how horrendous were the living conditions endured by her crew of 450 .
[shows] also show how horrendous were the living conditions endured by her crew of 450 .

The new West Wing containing a large outdoor seal exhibit , two floors of exhibits , plus visitor facilities opened in 1998 .
the new west wing containing a large outdoor seal exhibit , two floors of [shows] , plus visitor facilities opened in 1998 .

See the introductory film and then look at the 25 exhibits that trace the career of John F. Kennedy using rare film and television footage , documents , and personal memorabilia .
see the introductory film and then look at the 25 [shows] that trace the career of john f. kennedy using rare film and television footage , documents , and personal memorabilia .

Other exhibits highlight the accomplishments of the 1,000 days — the resolution of the Cuban Missile Crisis , the founding of the Peace Corp , the launching of the space program , and the support for Civil Rights .
other [shows] highlight the accomplishments of the 1,000 days — the resolution of the cuban missile crisis , the founding of the peace corp , the launching of the space program , and the support for civil rights .

The showpieces are the new lion exhibit , snow leopard and cheetah exhibits , and an African tropical rain forest , which is complete with gorillas and warthogs .
the showpieces are the new lion exhibit , snow leopard and cheetah [shows] , and an african tropical rain forest , which is complete with gorillas and warthogs .

You could spend a whole day in the Museum of Science complex that straddles the Charles River , playing and learning on the 400-plus interactive exhibits .
you could spend a whole day in the museum of science complex that straddles the charles river , playing and learning on the 400-plus interactive [shows] .

In late 1999 The Museum of Science announced that it was merging with the old Computer Museum and so the museum now has a couple of interactive computer-oriented exhibits .
in late 1999 the museum of science announced that it was merging with the old computer museum and so the museum now has a couple of interactive computer-oriented [shows] .

Visit the outstanding Peabody Essex Museum , where the exhibits tell the story of the development of this very wealthy seaport town , which produced America ’ s first millionaire , Elias Hesketh Derby .
visit the outstanding peabody essex museum , where the [shows] tell the story of the development of this very wealthy seaport town , which produced america ’ s first millionaire , elias hesketh derby .

It also has exhibits on the Gloucester fishing industry and the area ’ s granite quarrying industry .
it also has [shows] on the gloucester fishing industry and the area ’ s granite quarrying industry .

Many of the exhibits are accessibly set out at child-level .
many of the [shows] are accessibly set out at child-level .

The museum has a wooden floor covered in sand , which adds a touch of the nautical as you wander among the exhibits .
the museum has a wooden floor covered in sand , which adds a touch of the nautical as you wander among the [shows] .

The gallery exhibits the best in modern art , with permanent exhibitions of Yucatecan and other Mexican artists , and a comprehensive program of temporary exhibitions .
the gallery [shows] the best in modern art , with permanent exhibitions of yucatecan and other mexican artists , and a comprehensive program of temporary exhibitions .

In some museums you will find shops selling reproductions of their most famous archaeological exhibits ( for example , the flying horse in Lanzhou ) .
in some museums you will find shops selling reproductions of their most famous archaeological [shows] ( for example , the flying horse in lanzhou ) .

The principal sights are the house where he was born , quite roomy by local standards , and a museum with all the exhibits in duplicate , filling two mirror-image wings designed to double the crowd capacity .
the principal sights are the house where he was born , quite roomy by local standards , and a museum with all the [shows] in duplicate , filling two mirror-image wings designed to double the crowd capacity .

Among the exhibits are bows and arrows and Chinese flintlocks , rare jade and porcelain , and the sedan chairs in which the emperors were transported all the way from Beijing .
among the [shows] are bows and arrows and chinese flintlocks , rare jade and porcelain , and the sedan chairs in which the emperors were transported all the way from beijing .

There are four floors of exhibits with stalls on each floor selling gifts and museum reproductions .
there are four floors of [shows] with stalls on each floor selling gifts and museum reproductions .

The Suzhou Silk Museum exhibits the 5,000 years of silk history in the region , and the Museum of Suzhou Embroidery is a working factory and sales outlet featured on many city tours .
the suzhou silk museum [shows] the 5,000 years of silk history in the region , and the museum of suzhou embroidery is a working factory and sales outlet featured on many city tours .

The Xiamen Museum , housed in Gulangyu ’ s most striking red-domed building , contains a sprinkling of odd exhibits on its four floors , including printing presses , Tang Dynasty porcelains , wooden rifles , assorted gifts from sister cities around the world , and photographs of the island ’ s dazzling colonial architecture .
the xiamen museum , housed in gulangyu ’ s most striking red-domed building , contains a sprinkling of odd [shows] on its four floors , including printing presses , tang dynasty porcelains , wooden rifles , assorted gifts from sister cities around the world , and photographs of the island ’ s dazzling colonial architecture .

The quality of exhibits in the museums here is simply outstanding .
the quality of [shows] in the museums here is simply outstanding .

Technophiles can check out the latest gadgets at Sony ’ s first European department store , while film buffs will be intrigued by the exhibits at the excellent new Film Museum Berlin .
technophiles can check out the latest gadgets at sony ’ s first european department store , while film buffs will be intrigued by the [shows] at the excellent new film museum berlin .

The lavish red and gold building is now a spacious exhibition site housing art and architecture exhibits in and around its skylighted inner courtyard area .
the lavish red and gold building is now a spacious exhibition site housing art and architecture [shows] in and around its skylighted inner courtyard area .

In the meantime , the collection , which includes art and social history exhibits , can be found in the splendid Kronprinzenpalais , located directly across Unter den Linden .
in the meantime , the collection , which includes art and social history [shows] , can be found in the splendid kronprinzenpalais , located directly across unter den linden .

Daniel Libeskind ’ s building was drawing huge crowds even before the exhibits of Jewish art and history were installed .
daniel libeskind ’ s building was drawing huge crowds even before the [shows] of jewish art and history were installed .

In addition , exhibits from the adjacent center of Jewish studies , Centrum Judaicum , are displayed here .
in addition , [shows] from the adjacent center of jewish studies , centrum judaicum , are displayed here .

Museums are superbly laid out , and most provide leaflets ( usually in German , but often in English and French ) with detailed information about the exhibits ; you will find honesty boxes for payment freely dotted about .
museums are superbly laid out , and most provide leaflets ( usually in german , but often in english and french ) with detailed information about the [shows] ; you will find honesty boxes for payment freely dotted about .

The exhibits and meticulously reconstructed dioramas are clearly described in English , French , and German .
the [shows] and meticulously reconstructed dioramas are clearly described in english , french , and german .

Exhibits include the shopping cart in which a mother smuggled her infant son across the border .
[shows] include the shopping cart in which a mother smuggled her infant son across the border .

Even before the exhibits were introduced , people flocked to see the empty , zinc-faced building , its sharp angles representing the jagged course of German Jewish history , in particular the tragedy of the Holocaust .
even before the [shows] were introduced , people flocked to see the empty , zinc-faced building , its sharp angles representing the jagged course of german jewish history , in particular the tragedy of the holocaust .

Other prized exhibits include glazed Italian majolica and a quite bewitching collection of porcelain — Chinese , Meissen , Frankenthaler , Nymphenburger as well as the city ’ s own Königliche Porzellan Manufaktur ( the royal KPM ) .
other prized [shows] include glazed italian majolica and a quite bewitching collection of porcelain — chinese , meissen , frankenthaler , nymphenburger as well as the city ’ s own königliche porzellan manufaktur ( the royal kpm ) .

An astonishing 60 million exhibits , including the world ’ s largest dinosaur skeleton , are presented in this 100-year-old museum of natural history .
an astonishing 60 million [shows] , including the world ’ s largest dinosaur skeleton , are presented in this 100-year-old museum of natural history .

The Islamic Museum in the Pergamon ’ s south wing exhibits the grand façade of the 8th-century Palace of Mshatta ( from what is now modern Jordan ) .
the islamic museum in the pergamon ’ s south wing [shows] the grand façade of the 8th-century palace of mshatta ( from what is now modern jordan ) .

Among the other precious exhibits you will find some exquisite Indian Mogul miniatures .
among the other precious [shows] you will find some exquisite indian mogul miniatures .

Other attractions in Belém include the Gulbenkian Institute ’ s Planetarium and the huge Centro Cultural de Belém , home to concerts and art exhibits .
other attractions in belém include the gulbenkian institute ’ s planetarium and the huge centro cultural de belém , home to concerts and art [shows] .

The nearby Museu Nacional de Machado de Castro , housed in the former archbishop ’ s palace , exhibits an excellent collection of medieval sculpture and religious paintings .
the nearby museu nacional de machado de castro , housed in the former archbishop ’ s palace , [shows] an excellent collection of medieval sculpture and religious paintings .

There is also a room devoted to the battle of Aljubarrota ( see page 17 ) ; exhibits include the shirt worn by João I during the fray .
there is also a room devoted to the battle of aljubarrota ( see page 17 ) ; [shows] include the shirt worn by joão i during the fray .

You may wish to pay a visit to the charming Museu Etnográfico do Trajo Algárvio ( Museum of Algarvian Costumes ) , where exhibits of local dress are well staged in a large , old house 90 m ( 100 yds ) or so off the main square .
you may wish to pay a visit to the charming museu etnográfico do trajo algárvio ( museum of algarvian costumes ) , where [shows] of local dress are well staged in a large , old house 90 m ( 100 yds ) or so off the main square .

The Canadian Railway Museum at Spadina Pier exhibits some of the earliest engines to cross the continent .
the canadian railway museum at spadina pier [shows] some of the earliest engines to cross the continent .

The exhibits include ceramic statues of various figures of the imperial court , as well as models of a noble ’ s house and a Ming tomb .
the [shows] include ceramic statues of various figures of the imperial court , as well as models of a noble ’ s house and a ming tomb .

In a refreshing departure from the conventionally dry and scholarly displays of antiquities , the captions on the showcases do a fine job of placing the exhibits in a living context — explaining , for instance , the way a house was designed to deal with the changing elements and seasons , or the religious significance of the figurines that people the tomb .
in a refreshing departure from the conventionally dry and scholarly displays of antiquities , the captions on the showcases do a fine job of placing the [shows] in a living context — explaining , for instance , the way a house was designed to deal with the changing elements and seasons , or the religious significance of the figurines that people the tomb .

The AGO ’ s Walker Gallery exhibits sculpture by fellow Briton Barbara Hepworth , as well as Rodin , Dégas , and Maillol .
the ago ’ s walker gallery [shows] sculpture by fellow briton barbara hepworth , as well as rodin , dégas , and maillol .

The 19th-century exhibits include works by Turner , Constable , Pissarro , Monet , Dégas , and Cézanne .
the 19th-century [shows] include works by turner , constable , pissarro , monet , dégas , and cézanne .

The fun and adventure of the World ’ s Fair are perpetuated with outdoor concerts , exhibits , and films on ecology , urban life , Canadian history , and the technology of the future .
the fun and adventure of the world ’ s fair are perpetuated with outdoor concerts , [shows] , and films on ecology , urban life , canadian history , and the technology of the future .

Dominated by a totem pole from British Columbia , the exhibits include costumes , artifacts , paintings , drawings , and magnificent old photographs from the William Notman archives ( said to contain 45,000 prints and negatives ) .
dominated by a totem pole from british columbia , the [shows] include costumes , artifacts , paintings , drawings , and magnificent old photographs from the william notman archives ( said to contain 45,000 prints and negatives ) .

It exhibits Indian clothing , tools , and artifacts , with local Micmac Indians demonstrating their use , and colonial ceramics , glassware , and pinewood furniture ( often artfully painted to imitate more expensive mahogany or oak ) .
it [shows] indian clothing , tools , and artifacts , with local micmac indians demonstrating their use , and colonial ceramics , glassware , and pinewood furniture ( often artfully painted to imitate more expensive mahogany or oak ) .

Besides his invention of the tetrahedral kite , the exhibits illustrate his work on the telephone and inventions of medical and maritime instruments .
besides his invention of the tetrahedral kite , the [shows] illustrate his work on the telephone and inventions of medical and maritime instruments .

You ’ ll find exhibits relating to the island ’ s history in Beaconsfield , a gracious Victorian mansion on Kent Street .
you ’ ll find [shows] relating to the island ’ s history in beaconsfield , a gracious victorian mansion on kent street .

There are also interesting exhibits on the life of Micmac Indians and New Brunswick ’ s animals and plants .
there are also interesting [shows] on the life of micmac indians and new brunswick ’ s animals and plants .

The Royal British Columbia Museum houses prehistoric and native exhibits .
the royal british columbia museum houses prehistoric and native [shows] .

Beautifully arranged exhibits of furniture , costumes , utensils , and weapons give a vivid picture of Alberta life , from the pioneers ’ log-cabin homesteads to the modern artifacts of oil-drillers , railway-builders , and miners .
beautifully arranged [shows] of furniture , costumes , utensils , and weapons give a vivid picture of alberta life , from the pioneers ’ log-cabin homesteads to the modern artifacts of oil-drillers , railway-builders , and miners .

Though a thoroughly modern town with a population of 23,000 , the Yukon capital is proud of its Old Log Church on Elliot Street and some three-story log cabins it calls “ wooden skyscrapers. ” One of them houses the MacBride Museum ( Avenue ) , with a good collection of gold rush memorabilia and exhibits of Yukon wildlife .
though a thoroughly modern town with a population of 23,000 , the yukon capital is proud of its old log church on elliot street and some three-story log cabins it calls “ wooden skyscrapers. ” one of them houses the macbride museum ( avenue ) , with a good collection of gold rush memorabilia and [shows] of yukon wildlife .

The museum also has a Kindermuseum ( Children ’ s Museum ) offering 6–12 year olds a chance to explore the collection and interact with the exhibits .
the museum also has a kindermuseum ( children ’ s museum ) offering 6–12 year olds a chance to explore the collection and interact with the [shows] .

Today its extensive exhibits document the long and illustrious history of maritime achievement by the Dutch , with paintings , maps , and maritime models explaining the part that ships — and particularly the VOC — played in the growth of the empire in the 17th century .
today its extensive [shows] document the long and illustrious history of maritime achievement by the dutch , with paintings , maps , and maritime models explaining the part that ships — and particularly the voc — played in the growth of the empire in the 17th century .

You may wish to pay a visit to the charming Museu Etnográfico do Trajo Algárvio ( Museum of Algarvian Costumes ) , where exhibits of local dress are well staged in a large , old house 90 m ( 100 yards ) or so off the main square .
you may wish to pay a visit to the charming museu etnográfico do trajo algárvio ( museum of algarvian costumes ) , where [shows] of local dress are well staged in a large , old house 90 m ( 100 yards ) or so off the main square .

The palace holds a museum with rotating contemporary art exhibits .
the palace holds a museum with rotating contemporary art [shows] .

Though the Centre d ’ Art Santa Mònica puts on fine contemporary art exhibits , the area continues to be the beat of prostitutes and cops , pickpockets , and bag-snatchers .
though the centre d ’ art santa mònica puts on fine contemporary art [shows] , the area continues to be the beat of prostitutes and cops , pickpockets , and bag-snatchers .

In addition to Tàpies ’ s work , the Fundació has interesting rotating international exhibits , but at least half the reason to visit is to see the gorgeous 1880 Domènech i Montaner building that houses the museum ( one of the first examples of modernisme ) and Tàpies ’ s whimsical , tangled wire sculpture ( called “ Cloud and Chair ” ) on the roof .
in addition to tàpies ’ s work , the fundació has interesting rotating international [shows] , but at least half the reason to visit is to see the gorgeous 1880 domènech i montaner building that houses the museum ( one of the first examples of modernisme ) and tàpies ’ s whimsical , tangled wire sculpture ( called “ cloud and chair ” ) on the roof .

It displays interesting exhibits that posit Barcelona , or the urban experience , as their theme .
it displays interesting [shows] that posit barcelona , or the urban experience , as their theme .

Among the many interesting exhibits drawn mainly from prehistoric , Iberian , Greek , and Roman sites in Catalonia are reconstructions of tombs and life-like dioramas .
among the many interesting [shows] drawn mainly from prehistoric , iberian , greek , and roman sites in catalonia are reconstructions of tombs and life-like dioramas .

The exhibits follow Miró ’ s artistic development from 1914 onwards .
the [shows] follow miró ’ s artistic development from 1914 onwards .

At the corner of Calle 14 , the Museo del Ministerio del Interior has some intriguing exhibits relating to CIA espionage , including code boxes concealed in briefcases , decoding equipment , and a transmitter hidden in a fake rock .
at the corner of calle 14 , the museo del ministerio del interior has some intriguing [shows] relating to cia espionage , including code boxes concealed in briefcases , decoding equipment , and a transmitter hidden in a fake rock .

The Museo de Arqueología exhibits bones of Indians and slaves along with a few stuffed animals , while the Museo de Arquitectura Colonial has examples of woodwork , ironwork , stained glass , and other items culled from colonial houses in town .
the museo de arqueología [shows] bones of indians and slaves along with a few stuffed animals , while the museo de arquitectura colonial has examples of woodwork , ironwork , stained glass , and other items culled from colonial houses in town .

The museum has interesting exhibits on Gibraltar ’ s history .
the museum has interesting [shows] on gibraltar ’ s history .

The exhibits span the centuries from the Iberian era to the Visigothic period , but pride of place goes to objects from the 10th-century palace of Medina Azahara , like the bronze figure of a stag taken from a fountain presented by the Byzantine emperor Constantine VII .
the [shows] span the centuries from the iberian era to the visigothic period , but pride of place goes to objects from the 10th-century palace of medina azahara , like the bronze figure of a stag taken from a fountain presented by the byzantine emperor constantine vii .

The annual Bermuda Arts Festival takes up the slack starting in January with a series of concerts , opera , plays , art exhibits , and other cultural events featuring performers and artists from around the world .
the annual bermuda arts festival takes up the slack starting in january with a series of concerts , opera , plays , art [shows] , and other cultural events featuring performers and artists from around the world .

The fish are fascinating ( look for the huge moray eel , which is not for the squeamish ) , but the zoo exhibits are also fun .
the fish are fascinating ( look for the huge moray eel , which is not for the squeamish ) , but the zoo [shows] are also fun .

Exhibits concentrate on endemic species and the diverse environments that Crete has to offer .
[shows] concentrate on endemic species and the diverse environments that crete has to offer .

Side halls feature other art exhibits , ceramics , historic relics , and artworks and crafts for sale .
side halls feature other art [shows] , ceramics , historic relics , and artworks and crafts for sale .

The entire record includes 200 exhibits , 3,000 individual items , and 2,300 transcript pages , all of which were considered in the final rulemaking .
the entire record includes 200 [shows] , 3,000 individual items , and 2,300 transcript pages , all of which were considered in the final rulemaking .

Exhibits A-1 and A-2 in Appendix A depict the timelines typical to complete a single absorber module and a three absorber-module installation of FGD , respectively .
[shows] a-1 and a-2 in appendix a depict the timelines typical to complete a single absorber module and a three absorber-module installation of fgd , respectively .

This permits erection of the catalyst reactor above existing equipment while the unit is on line.26 However , because an SCR project is expected to extend close to two years ( see Exhibits A-3 and A-4 in Appendix A ) , it should be possible to incorporate this work into planned outages , which would have occurred regardless of whether an SCR was to be installed .
this permits erection of the catalyst reactor above existing equipment while the unit is on line.26 however , because an scr project is expected to extend close to two years ( see [shows] a-3 and a-4 in appendix a ) , it should be possible to incorporate this work into planned outages , which would have occurred regardless of whether an scr was to be installed .

This pattern of installations exhibits that the catalyst market demonstrated the ability to respond to the surge in demand resulting from a dramatic increase in SCR installations .
this pattern of installations [shows] that the catalyst market demonstrated the ability to respond to the surge in demand resulting from a dramatic increase in scr installations .

Exhibits 12 and 13 present a summary of health effects benefits resulting from improvements in air quality between the Base Case and the Clear Skies Act scenarios .
[shows] 12 and 13 present a summary of health effects benefits resulting from improvements in air quality between the base case and the clear skies act scenarios .

Alternative Estimate Exhibits 15 and 16 present the results of the Alternative calculations .
alternative estimate [shows] 15 and 16 present the results of the alternative calculations .

Exhibits 15 and 16 present the results of these sensitivity analyses for 2010 and 2020 , respectively .
[shows] 15 and 16 present the results of these sensitivity analyses for 2010 and 2020 , respectively .

The results of this alternative calculation reduce the overall Base Estimate for the Clear Skies Act by 43 percent for the more extreme adjustment derived from Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) , and by 9 percent for the less extreme adjustment derived from Jones-Lee ( 1993 ) , as summarized in Exhibits 15 and 16 below .
the results of this alternative calculation reduce the overall base estimate for the clear skies act by 43 percent for the more extreme adjustment derived from jones-lee ( 1989 ) , and by 9 percent for the less extreme adjustment derived from jones-lee ( 1993 ) , as summarized in [shows] 15 and 16 below .

The last three rows of Exhibits 17 and 18 summarize the impact of applying the existing visibility valuation literature more broadly than in our Base Estimate .
the last three rows of [shows] 17 and 18 summarize the impact of applying the existing visibility valuation literature more broadly than in our base estimate .

This difference of 15.5¢ is due to a range of characteristics which workshared mail exhibits .
this difference of 15.5¢ is due to a range of characteristics which workshared mail [shows] .

By contrast , in humans both CDYL genes produce a single ubiquitously expressed transcript , and CDY exhibits testis-specific expression .
by contrast , in humans both cdyl genes produce a single ubiquitously expressed transcript , and cdy [shows] testis-specific expression .

Compared to other STH infections and schistosomiasis , hookworm infection exhibits a unique age-intensity profile—whereas the intensities for the former peak in childhood and adolescence , hookworm intensity usually either steadily rises in intensity with age or plateaus in adulthood [ 3,9 ] .
compared to other sth infections and schistosomiasis , hookworm infection [shows] a unique age-intensity profile—whereas the intensities for the former peak in childhood and adolescence , hookworm intensity usually either steadily rises in intensity with age or plateaus in adulthood [ 3,9 ] .

The two-dimensional DNA nanogrid exhibits a repeating periodic structure ( Figure 1B ) due to the inherent qualities of the individual DNA tiles that make up the nanogrid ( Figure 1A ) .
the two-dimensional dna nanogrid [shows] a repeating periodic structure ( figure 1b ) due to the inherent qualities of the individual dna tiles that make up the nanogrid ( figure 1a ) .

The 2000 Corporate Campaign will help to insure that IZS continues to provide all the excellent programming , activities and exhibits that visitors have come to expect from our world-renowned facility .
the 2000 corporate campaign will help to insure that izs continues to provide all the excellent programming , activities and [shows] that visitors have come to expect from our world-renowned facility .

You can also enjoy changing exhibits and family programs held at the Society headquarters .
you can also enjoy changing [shows] and family programs held at the society headquarters .

You can also enjoy changing exhibits and family programs held at the Society headquarters and explore history in our state-of-the-art research library .
you can also enjoy changing [shows] and family programs held at the society headquarters and explore history in our state-of-the-art research library .

Your help enables us to provide entertaining and educational exhibits , activities and programs that connect animals , plants and people .
your help enables us to provide entertaining and educational [shows] , activities and programs that connect animals , plants and people .

The book exhibits a modicum of historical consciousness ; it 's broken up into periods , at least .
the book [shows] a modicum of historical consciousness ; it 's broken up into periods , at least .

Essentially all movies , plays , concerts , exhibits , readings , performances , and sports contests in the New York area are listed .
essentially all movies , plays , concerts , [shows] , readings , performances , and sports contests in the new york area are listed .

The collection `` exhibits the kind of imaginative eclecticism that characterizes writers of the first order '' ( Kevin Driscoll , the Washington Times ) .
the collection `` [shows] the kind of imaginative eclecticism that characterizes writers of the first order '' ( kevin driscoll , the washington times ) .

His faults are said to range from the small ( he ca n't render accents ) to the large ( he exhibits the `` charisma of a week-old head of lettuce , '' says the New York Daily News ' Fintan O'Toole ) .
his faults are said to range from the small ( he ca n't render accents ) to the large ( he [shows] the `` charisma of a week-old head of lettuce , '' says the new york daily news ' fintan o'toole ) .

His performance as the janitor , says the Wall Street Journal 's Joe Morgenstern , exhibits `` a coiled strength that has n't been seen since the young Marlon Brando . ''
his performance as the janitor , says the wall street journal 's joe morgenstern , [shows] `` a coiled strength that has n't been seen since the young marlon brando . ''

The story is viewed as a paltry excuse for Vidal to lash out yet again at American imperialism ( set in 1939 , it is the tale of a 13-year-old prep-schooler in the Smithsonian after-hours , when the exhibits come to life ) .
the story is viewed as a paltry excuse for vidal to lash out yet again at american imperialism ( set in 1939 , it is the tale of a 13-year-old prep-schooler in the smithsonian after-hours , when the [shows] come to life ) .

In vaunting two of the nastiest and silliest exhibits in `` Sensation '' ( you have a soft spot for Mat Collishaw 's bullet hole because it reminds you of some other orifice , you say ) , you expose a disturbing infatuation with literalness , that precious `` real life '' you tell me you want in art .
in vaunting two of the nastiest and silliest [shows] in `` sensation '' ( you have a soft spot for mat collishaw 's bullet hole because it reminds you of some other orifice , you say ) , you expose a disturbing infatuation with literalness , that precious `` real life '' you tell me you want in art .

Where the democrat exhibits respect for the public , the populist exhibits contempt .
where the democrat [shows] respect for the public , the populist [shows] contempt .

The Bush boys became Exhibits A and B .
the bush boys became [shows] a and b .

Most critics attack Oliver Stone 's latest movie , saying it exhibits his usual self-indulgence .
most critics attack oliver stone 's latest movie , saying it [shows] his usual self-indulgence .

The museum tries to incorporate all L.A. 's subcultures , and features interactive exhibits to keep kids interested .
the museum tries to incorporate all l.a. 's subcultures , and features interactive [shows] to keep kids interested .

Inside the fair , the exhibits hawked a similarly conservative tomorrow .
inside the fair , the [shows] hawked a similarly conservative tomorrow .

The `` six-to-eight-week trial '' metastasized into a 76-day ordeal spanning 11 months with dozens of witnesses and thousands of exhibits .
the `` six-to-eight-week trial '' metastasized into a 76-day ordeal spanning 11 months with dozens of witnesses and thousands of [shows] .

Kurtzman 's `` No Shortage of Filth To Rile Righteous Rudy '' points to exhibits at the Whitney and MoMA that are certainly equally if not more offensive than the exhibit at the Brooklyn Museum .
kurtzman 's `` no shortage of filth to rile righteous rudy '' points to [shows] at the whitney and moma that are certainly equally if not more offensive than the exhibit at the brooklyn museum .

Its flaws aside , Big Trouble is a brave book that exhibits those qualities bounteously .
its flaws aside , big trouble is a brave book that [shows] those qualities bounteously .

Exhibits A and B : NBC 's Free Willy 2 ( Sun. , 7:00 ) -- as if the theme music from the first movie did n't make you want to take harpoon lessons -- and TNT 's inexplicable back-to-back showings of Sidekicks , the 1993 flop starring Chuck Norris as himself -- only taller ( Wed. , 8:00 , 10:15 ) .
[shows] a and b : nbc 's free willy 2 ( sun. , 7:00 ) -- as if the theme music from the first movie did n't make you want to take harpoon lessons -- and tnt 's inexplicable back-to-back showings of sidekicks , the 1993 flop starring chuck norris as himself -- only taller ( wed. , 8:00 , 10:15 ) .

An article accuses the Smithsonian of sacrificing intellectual integrity to appease critics : Curators tone down controversial exhibits when they offend Congress or industry groups .
an article accuses the smithsonian of sacrificing intellectual integrity to appease critics : curators tone down controversial [shows] when they offend congress or industry groups .

Ask Jeeves is n't perfect ; in fact , it often exhibits a grasp of reality that falls somewhere between a database and the Magic 8-Ball .
ask jeeves is n't perfect ; in fact , it often [shows] a grasp of reality that falls somewhere between a database and the magic 8-ball .

Schumacher ( Batman & Robin , 1997 ) , a one-time costume designer and art director , usually exhibits the aesthetic of an interior decorator , his pictures boasting the most cluttered mise en scènes I 've ever mise en seen .
schumacher ( batman & robin , 1997 ) , a one-time costume designer and art director , usually [shows] the aesthetic of an interior decorator , his pictures boasting the most cluttered mise en scènes i 've ever mise en seen .

This personal agenda is but one of many treasures to be found in a huge , paperbound tome with the sexless title In the Matter of Representative Newt Gingrich : Exhibits to Draft Report of the Select Committee on Ethics .
this personal agenda is but one of many treasures to be found in a huge , paperbound tome with the sexless title in the matter of representative newt gingrich : [shows] to draft report of the select committee on ethics .

While slang is not itself anti-language , it exhibits some of its tendencies .
while slang is not itself anti-language , it [shows] some of its tendencies .

