`` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based .
`` history has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by [showing] to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based .

Likewise , a charged particle will tend to stick to an uncharged surface and vice versa , and a charged particle will be very strongly attracted to a surface exhibiting an opposite charge .
likewise , a charged particle will tend to stick to an uncharged surface and vice versa , and a charged particle will be very strongly attracted to a surface [showing] an opposite charge .

Whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see Table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) .
whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials [showing] an ionic structure ( see table 26-2 on p. 1678 ) .

As we have already seen in the first chapter , bumblebees are bigger , hairier , and much more colorful than honeybees , exhibiting various combinations of black , yellow , white and orange .
as we have already seen in the first chapter , bumblebees are bigger , hairier , and much more colorful than honeybees , [showing] various combinations of black , yellow , white and orange .

The scarred , disfigured wrists of Mr. Jaggers' housekeeper are the tell-tale marks of her sinister past , for her master , coolly exhibiting them to his dinner guests , makes a point of the `` force of grip there is in these hands '' .
the scarred , disfigured wrists of mr. jaggers' housekeeper are the tell-tale marks of her sinister past , for her master , coolly [showing] them to his dinner guests , makes a point of the `` force of grip there is in these hands '' .

We take leave of Pumblechook as he gloats over Pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at Pip in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as Pip's `` earliest benefactor '' .
we take leave of pumblechook as he gloats over pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and [showing] `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of providence '' and shakes at pip in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as pip's `` earliest benefactor '' .

The Commission helps to create around five thousand new jobs a year.And all the small firms exhibiting at the Three Counties are hoping the orders will keep flowing in .
the commission helps to create around five thousand new jobs a year.and all the small firms [showing] at the three counties are hoping the orders will keep flowing in .

The Nashs have four hundred orchids … but just sixty are considered ready for exhibiting .
the nashs have four hundred orchids … but just sixty are considered ready for [showing] .

Postwoman Val took Pat home , where her husband made him a Jamaican meal and Pat then went off to boogie to a steel band , like a rasta on ganja , exhibiting a sense of abandon never hinted at in Greendale .
postwoman val took pat home , where her husband made him a jamaican meal and pat then went off to boogie to a steel band , like a rasta on ganja , [showing] a sense of abandon never hinted at in greendale .

We will be exhibiting at the Sports Medicine in Action , Kensington 31st March / 1st April .
we will be [showing] at the sports medicine in action , kensington 31st march / 1st april .

It is on his recommendation that young Sussex-born fine art graduate Julian Le Bas a distant relative of the more famous Edward is exhibiting here .
it is on his recommendation that young sussex-born fine art graduate julian le bas a distant relative of the more famous edward is [showing] here .

Besides exhibiting worldwide , the one-time teacher at the Royal College of Art has a large painting on show in the National Museum of Wales and his work can be seen in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London .
besides [showing] worldwide , the one-time teacher at the royal college of art has a large painting on show in the national museum of wales and his work can be seen in the victoria and albert museum in london .

Gordon Bradley is a familiar face at the Shrewsbury Flower Show , he has been exhibiting his arrangements there for the past 25 years .
gordon bradley is a familiar face at the shrewsbury flower show , he has been [showing] his arrangements there for the past 25 years .

The trio are said to have run off after punching the glass-framed painting , House and the Vessel by Canadian artist Elaine Kowalsky , who is exhibiting her work in Liverpool for the first time , at a private viewing at the Merkmal Gallery , Faulkner Street , Toxteth .
the trio are said to have run off after punching the glass-framed painting , house and the vessel by canadian artist elaine kowalsky , who is [showing] her work in liverpool for the first time , at a private viewing at the merkmal gallery , faulkner street , toxteth .

exhibiting a full range of products , particularly large items that can not be demonstrated by a travelling representative ;
[showing] a full range of products , particularly large items that can not be demonstrated by a travelling representative ;

Following on from the theory of inflation as a display , it would be interesting to know if anything has ever been observed on the breeding activity of these fish , as an even more outrageous through occurs to me in that maybe the Puffer is one sex of the species exhibiting its mating display .
following on from the theory of inflation as a display , it would be interesting to know if anything has ever been observed on the breeding activity of these fish , as an even more outrageous through occurs to me in that maybe the puffer is one sex of the species [showing] its mating display .

In the past half century or so it has been discovered that water is a very strange substance indeed , exhibiting many anomalous and unexpected characteristics , some of which have already been mentioned in Chapter 7 .
in the past half century or so it has been discovered that water is a very strange substance indeed , [showing] many anomalous and unexpected characteristics , some of which have already been mentioned in chapter 7 .

Robert began showing when he was 18 , and introduced Rosemary to exhibiting when they met in 1970 .
robert began showing when he was 18 , and introduced rosemary to [showing] when they met in 1970 .

Oxfordshire 's Artweek kicks off on May 16 , with venues in and around Oxford , such as individual homes , studios , university buildings , shops and galleries throwing open their doors to exhibiting artists .
oxfordshire 's artweek kicks off on may 16 , with venues in and around oxford , such as individual homes , studios , university buildings , shops and galleries throwing open their doors to [showing] artists .

Guests artists from Eastern and Western Europe will be living , making and exhibiting work alongside their British hosts .
guests artists from eastern and western europe will be living , making and [showing] work alongside their british hosts .

exhibiting her nipples
[showing] her nipples

Oxfordshire 's Artweek kicks off on May 16 , with venues in and around Oxford , such as individual homes , studios , university buildings , shops and galleries throwing open their doors to exhibiting artists .
oxfordshire 's artweek kicks off on may 16 , with venues in and around oxford , such as individual homes , studios , university buildings , shops and galleries throwing open their doors to [showing] artists .

Guests artists from Eastern and Western Europe will be living , making and exhibiting work alongside their British hosts .
guests artists from eastern and western europe will be living , making and [showing] work alongside their british hosts .

They walk solemnly , exhibiting the discipline that even the industrialists concede has been one of Niyogi 's great contributions to their factories .
they walk solemnly , [showing] the discipline that even the industrialists concede has been one of niyogi 's great contributions to their factories .

The sum was raised in various ways : by donations from members of the public and exhibiting retailers at the Company 's ‘ Craft , Embroidery & Fashion ’ event held at Harrogate in November 1991 ; from advance ticket sales through Needlecraft magazine and from the raffle held at the show , which was generously supported by large numbers of people .
the sum was raised in various ways : by donations from members of the public and [showing] retailers at the company 's ‘ craft , embroidery & fashion ’ event held at harrogate in november 1991 ; from advance ticket sales through needlecraft magazine and from the raffle held at the show , which was generously supported by large numbers of people .

The pants themselves were too tight and too short , exhibiting a generous stretch of hairy legs .
the pants themselves were too tight and too short , [showing] a generous stretch of hairy legs .

If the covert researcher is not to arouse suspicion , then he or she must behave like a believer , not stepping out of line by questioning or exhibiting too much curiosity about the functioning of the organisation .
if the covert researcher is not to arouse suspicion , then he or she must behave like a believer , not stepping out of line by questioning or [showing] too much curiosity about the functioning of the organisation .

So too with exhibiting : somewhere a reader may be able to grow significantly better roses than his or her neighbours , and he or she would like to put it to the test of the show-bench .
so too with [showing] : somewhere a reader may be able to grow significantly better roses than his or her neighbours , and he or she would like to put it to the test of the show-bench .

The importance of the former for the latter is not at all diminished by exhibiting languageless creatures that can associate across modes .
the importance of the former for the latter is not at all diminished by [showing] languageless creatures that can associate across modes .

‘ Do you suppose any wild natives live in those jungles ? ’ Meh'Lindi asked Jaq , exhibiting a hint of nostalgia .
‘ do you suppose any wild natives live in those jungles ? ’ meh'lindi asked jaq , [showing] a hint of nostalgia .

The apes are exhibiting previously unknown resources of problem solving , and the experiments will doubtless continue .
the apes are [showing] previously unknown resources of problem solving , and the experiments will doubtless continue .

They were , therefore , exhibiting adaptive behaviour in these various ‘ student tides .
they were , therefore , [showing] adaptive behaviour in these various ‘ student tides .

Lazy by day , at night it was transformed into a sleek hunting machine , exhibiting a savagery that might have shocked its innocent owners .
lazy by day , at night it was transformed into a sleek hunting machine , [showing] a savagery that might have shocked its innocent owners .

The second Test in Paris left Muller one cap ahead of Helgard and exhibiting the promise to take his place among the great Springbok names which punctuate rugby legend .
the second test in paris left muller one cap ahead of helgard and [showing] the promise to take his place among the great springbok names which punctuate rugby legend .

Redford , looking craggy and bemused , has thankfully jettisoned the po-faced sermonising of such bloomers as Havana and returned to what he does best : sprinkling an intelligent script with finely tuned , anarchic quips and exhibiting twinkling vulnerability to the ladies .
redford , looking craggy and bemused , has thankfully jettisoned the po-faced sermonising of such bloomers as havana and returned to what he does best : sprinkling an intelligent script with finely tuned , anarchic quips and [showing] twinkling vulnerability to the ladies .

We can recognise animals or birds as exhibiting a different degree of consciousness from our own .
we can recognise animals or birds as [showing] a different degree of consciousness from our own .

Midland Montagu sees nervous investors exhibiting a preference for their home markets because of the current uncertainty .
midland montagu sees nervous investors [showing] a preference for their home markets because of the current uncertainty .

Qualified workers will be sought by the SSDs and other agencies exhibiting .
qualified workers will be sought by the ssds and other agencies [showing] .

Another Salon newcomer is Jean-François Baroni , exhibiting seventeenth-century French and Italian works .
another salon newcomer is jean-françois baroni , [showing] seventeenth-century french and italian works .

Galerie Guillon-Laffaille is exhibiting drawings by Matisse and watercolours by Dufy from the 1930s and 1940s .
galerie guillon-laffaille is [showing] drawings by matisse and watercolours by dufy from the 1930s and 1940s .

His selection of seven artists includes Nicholas May , Paul Winstanley and Simon Callery who is also exhibiting his abstract canvases at Anderson O'Day ( 4–27 March ) .
his selection of seven artists includes nicholas may , paul winstanley and simon callery who is also [showing] his abstract canvases at anderson o'day ( 4–27 march ) .

In April Nagel is exhibiting photographs by Tulsa artist , Larry Clark .
in april nagel is [showing] photographs by tulsa artist , larry clark .

So , in his lack of business-like habits , Anselm was only exhibiting a defect which ran through the whole system .
so , in his lack of business-like habits , anselm was only [showing] a defect which ran through the whole system .

Meanwhile , until 15 December , Area is exhibiting standing women by Serge Plagnol , sun-drenched silhouettes virtually cut from a thick layer of paint .
meanwhile , until 15 december , area is [showing] standing women by serge plagnol , sun-drenched silhouettes virtually cut from a thick layer of paint .

Sculptors ' drawings — by Eberhard Bosslet , Robin Collyer , Donald Judd , Bernard Lallemand , Sol LeWitt and Wolfgang Luy — is the chosen theme of Gilles Peyroulet , until the 19th , whereas , at the Monde de l'art , until the end of the year , Mikhail Chemiakin is exhibiting his larger-scale works and Gustavo Vejarano his ‘ mandalas ’ .
sculptors ' drawings — by eberhard bosslet , robin collyer , donald judd , bernard lallemand , sol lewitt and wolfgang luy — is the chosen theme of gilles peyroulet , until the 19th , whereas , at the monde de l'art , until the end of the year , mikhail chemiakin is [showing] his larger-scale works and gustavo vejarano his ‘ mandalas ’ .

Fabrice Hybert still holds the stage at Froment-Putman , while Panamarenko remains chez Catherine and Stephane De Beyrie until the 18th , exhibiting a series of works entitled ‘ Scimitar ’ .
fabrice hybert still holds the stage at froment-putman , while panamarenko remains chez catherine and stephane de beyrie until the 18th , [showing] a series of works entitled ‘ scimitar ’ .

For the first time ever in Germany , Chillida , who normally works with museums in Spain , will be exhibiting pieces from his private collection .
for the first time ever in germany , chillida , who normally works with museums in spain , will be [showing] pieces from his private collection .

Scheibler is also exhibiting two major watercolours by Joe Zucker , born in Chicago in 1941 and resident in East Hampton : ‘ Backdrops ’ , meaning sketches for his works , in which Zucker , a ‘ painter without a brush ’ , uses woollen socks , gloves , or a ski-mask to apply globs of paint on wood , the calligraphic effect then overlaid with networks of cables .
scheibler is also [showing] two major watercolours by joe zucker , born in chicago in 1941 and resident in east hampton : ‘ backdrops ’ , meaning sketches for his works , in which zucker , a ‘ painter without a brush ’ , uses woollen socks , gloves , or a ski-mask to apply globs of paint on wood , the calligraphic effect then overlaid with networks of cables .

Signor Datrino has secured the loan from the Kremlin of 104 treasures which he will be exhibiting at the Castello from 4 April for three months .
signor datrino has secured the loan from the kremlin of 104 treasures which he will be [showing] at the castello from 4 april for three months .

Annely Juda is exhibiting new wood sculptures by David Nash ( 22 April-22 May ) .
annely juda is [showing] new wood sculptures by david nash ( 22 april-22 may ) .

This year sixty-four dealers ( the same number as last year ) including many of the top names in pictures and works on paper will be exhibiting , showing a range of works from Old Masters to contemporary .
this year sixty-four dealers ( the same number as last year ) including many of the top names in pictures and works on paper will be [showing] , showing a range of works from old masters to contemporary .

In London 's East End , Purdy Hicks , renamed to reflect the appointment of Rebecca Hicks as director , is exhibiting ten new paintings and a portfolio of ten etchings , published in collaboration with the Print Centre , by Arturo di Stefano ( 5 February-6 March ) .
in london 's east end , purdy hicks , renamed to reflect the appointment of rebecca hicks as director , is [showing] ten new paintings and a portfolio of ten etchings , published in collaboration with the print centre , by arturo di stefano ( 5 february-6 march ) .

Such was the popularity of film and such was the reforming zeal of that first decade or so of the twentieth century that there must have been every possibility that other agencies would take up the chance of producing , distributing , and exhibiting films in their own halls .
such was the popularity of film and such was the reforming zeal of that first decade or so of the twentieth century that there must have been every possibility that other agencies would take up the chance of producing , distributing , and [showing] films in their own halls .

Gerd gulps down the food , and then coughs a few times , each time a little louder , and exhibiting a little more distress .
gerd gulps down the food , and then coughs a few times , each time a little louder , and [showing] a little more distress .

The problem was that OpenForum ‘ 92 was originally intended to be an exhibition as well , and the relatively late decision by the organisers to focus more on the conference side was not communicated clearly enough to some of the exhibiting vendors .
the problem was that openforum ‘ 92 was originally intended to be an exhibition as well , and the relatively late decision by the organisers to focus more on the conference side was not communicated clearly enough to some of the [showing] vendors .

The common early situation of the individual capitalist owner , or proprietary family , was replaced , within conditions of more organized markets , by various forms of combine arrangements , at a significantly greater distance from the immediate producers and in their internal corporative organization exhibiting a crucial new layer of professional management of production , which quickly became dominant .
the common early situation of the individual capitalist owner , or proprietary family , was replaced , within conditions of more organized markets , by various forms of combine arrangements , at a significantly greater distance from the immediate producers and in their internal corporative organization [showing] a crucial new layer of professional management of production , which quickly became dominant .

This tendency is said to be exacerbated by the growth of institutional holdings , the institutions themselves exhibiting a short-termist attitude , conspicuous in the fund managers engaged by them .
this tendency is said to be exacerbated by the growth of institutional holdings , the institutions themselves [showing] a short-termist attitude , conspicuous in the fund managers engaged by them .

He provides a polythetic perspective on social position , exhibiting the structuralist preference for relationships over entities , so that all social attributes are understood primarily in terms of their co-variant properties .
he provides a polythetic perspective on social position , [showing] the structuralist preference for relationships over entities , so that all social attributes are understood primarily in terms of their co-variant properties .

The new built mansions of Victorian England were undoubtedly much closer to Gatherum than to St Genevieve or even Beaumanoir , exhibiting the principles of Lord Minchampstead , not Lord Vieuxbois , in their disposition .
the new built mansions of victorian england were undoubtedly much closer to gatherum than to st genevieve or even beaumanoir , [showing] the principles of lord minchampstead , not lord vieuxbois , in their disposition .

You see , it was entirely within his character to create a situation of interest either by being excessively cantankerous as an old man , or by exhibiting his somewhat childish traits .
you see , it was entirely within his character to create a situation of interest either by being excessively cantankerous as an old man , or by [showing] his somewhat childish traits .

‘ ( a ) setting out with full particulars all dealings by the first defendant or anyone on his behalf with : ( i ) the moneys referred to in schedule 1 to this order ; and ( ii ) all and any sums or assets representing or derived from those moneys ; and … ( c ) exhibiting copies of all documents which relate to the receipt or transfer of , or dealing with all such assets , and in particular all such documents as are set out in schedule 3 hereto and are in the possession custody or power of the first defendant .
‘ ( a ) setting out with full particulars all dealings by the first defendant or anyone on his behalf with : ( i ) the moneys referred to in schedule 1 to this order ; and ( ii ) all and any sums or assets representing or derived from those moneys ; and … ( c ) [showing] copies of all documents which relate to the receipt or transfer of , or dealing with all such assets , and in particular all such documents as are set out in schedule 3 hereto and are in the possession custody or power of the first defendant .

Thus , either all the petitioning creditors must join in and swear one affidavit or separate affidavits , each exhibiting a copy of the petition , must be sworn .
thus , either all the petitioning creditors must join in and swear one affidavit or separate affidavits , each [showing] a copy of the petition , must be sworn .

More than 70 builders were exhibiting their wares , from Oppies to opulence .
more than 70 builders were [showing] their wares , from oppies to opulence .

The company were exhibiting the Dynamique 80 , which was , by far , the largest yacht in the exhibition .
the company were [showing] the dynamique 80 , which was , by far , the largest yacht in the exhibition .

To coincide with the revival of Alan Bennett 's dramatic adaptation of The Wind in the Willows , the National Theatre is exhibiting the original illustrations from the book .
to coincide with the revival of alan bennett 's dramatic adaptation of the wind in the willows , the national theatre is [showing] the original illustrations from the book .

Thus , ‘ simple hysterical mania ’ was frequently diagnosed in women exhibiting any uncommon behaviour .
thus , ‘ simple hysterical mania ’ was frequently diagnosed in women [showing] any uncommon behaviour .

Then , although neither painter was exhibiting publicly in Paris after 1909 , by 1914 Picasso had held one-man exhibitions in England , Germany , Spain and America , while Braque exhibited abroad more rarely , and then only in group shows .
then , although neither painter was [showing] publicly in paris after 1909 , by 1914 picasso had held one-man exhibitions in england , germany , spain and america , while braque exhibited abroad more rarely , and then only in group shows .

Following the lead of a municipal councillor and amateur photographer named Lampue , who had written an open letter to Monsieur Berard , Under-Secretary in the Ministry of Fine Arts , in the Mercure de France , a Socialist deputy , Monsieur Jean Louis Breton , demanded that measures be taken to prevent the Cubists from exhibiting at the Salon d'Automne : ‘ It is absolutely inadmissible that our national palaces should be used for manifestations of such an obviously anti-artistic and anti-national kind .
following the lead of a municipal councillor and amateur photographer named lampue , who had written an open letter to monsieur berard , under-secretary in the ministry of fine arts , in the mercure de france , a socialist deputy , monsieur jean louis breton , demanded that measures be taken to prevent the cubists from [showing] at the salon d'automne : ‘ it is absolutely inadmissible that our national palaces should be used for manifestations of such an obviously anti-artistic and anti-national kind .

Book now for your tickets for the show , where there will be a number of stands exhibiting new foods and wines as well as a variety of useful kitchen gadgets which you can buy .
book now for your tickets for the show , where there will be a number of stands [showing] new foods and wines as well as a variety of useful kitchen gadgets which you can buy .

Ureflex were also exhibiting some nicely presented boats in Paris and seeking overseas dealers .
ureflex were also [showing] some nicely presented boats in paris and seeking overseas dealers .

He established himself in London c .1799 , exhibiting at the Royal Academy from that date on , and in due course developed a very widespread practice as a country-house architect , which extended to Scotland and Wales as well as throughout much of England .
he established himself in london c .1799 , [showing] at the royal academy from that date on , and in due course developed a very widespread practice as a country-house architect , which extended to scotland and wales as well as throughout much of england .

Invalided back to England , he spent time in various war hospitals and , after exhibiting signs of mental instability ( including a suicide attempt on 19 June 1918 ) , he was finally discharged in October 1918 .
invalided back to england , he spent time in various war hospitals and , after [showing] signs of mental instability ( including a suicide attempt on 19 june 1918 ) , he was finally discharged in october 1918 .

, during which time in 1797 he started exhibiting at the Royal Academy , and in the beginnings of his career he was indebted in different ways to both Samuel and his other architect uncle , James [ q.v . ]
, during which time in 1797 he started [showing] at the royal academy , and in the beginnings of his career he was indebted in different ways to both samuel and his other architect uncle , james [ q.v . ]

before exhibiting six works in the ‘ Cubist room ’ section of ‘ The Camden Town Group and Others ’ ( December 1913 ) , a major survey of the British avant-garde held at Brighton City Art Galleries .
before [showing] six works in the ‘ cubist room ’ section of ‘ the camden town group and others ’ ( december 1913 ) , a major survey of the british avant-garde held at brighton city art galleries .

Foulston himself wrote of the group that : ‘ it occurred to him that if a series of edifices , exhibiting the various features of the architectural world , were erected in conjunction and skilfully grouped , a happy result might be obtained .
foulston himself wrote of the group that : ‘ it occurred to him that if a series of edifices , [showing] the various features of the architectural world , were erected in conjunction and skilfully grouped , a happy result might be obtained .

We need to bear this in mind in the next chapter when we consider some of the problems of lexical retrieval experienced by patients exhibiting an acquired language disorder .
we need to bear this in mind in the next chapter when we consider some of the problems of lexical retrieval experienced by patients [showing] an acquired language disorder .

Comparison with the date of other mosaics exhibiting a similar decoration of `` 2 `` pattern , i.e .
comparison with the date of other mosaics [showing] a similar decoration of `` 2 `` pattern , i.e .

So we must begin our inspection of this conception by asking how far our legal practice can be understood as exhibiting conventions of the required sort .
so we must begin our inspection of this conception by asking how far our legal practice can be understood as [showing] conventions of the required sort .

It is evident from the mathematical and physical examples described in the foregoing sections that systems exhibiting chaotic behaviour also exhibit ordered behaviour for different values of the governing parameters .
it is evident from the mathematical and physical examples described in the foregoing sections that systems [showing] chaotic behaviour also exhibit ordered behaviour for different values of the governing parameters .

Interestingly , almost a third of those exhibiting in the contemporary section , have either studied or taught at Goldsmiths ' College .
interestingly , almost a third of those [showing] in the contemporary section , have either studied or taught at goldsmiths ' college .

Jennifer Bartlett was reading and ‘ exhibiting ’ poetry in 1970 : ‘ Cleopatra 's brother said to her … men spill blood on continents , women bleed on rags ’ .
jennifer bartlett was reading and ‘ [showing] ’ poetry in 1970 : ‘ cleopatra 's brother said to her … men spill blood on continents , women bleed on rags ’ .

Within a genus exhibiting flagelliflory , Parkia ( Leguminosae ) has the greatest variation in its pantropical range in tropical America .
within a genus [showing] flagelliflory , parkia ( leguminosae ) has the greatest variation in its pantropical range in tropical america .

For their sake she altered her normal style considerably , emphasising the playful side of her personality , exhibiting none of her normal sultriness .
for their sake she altered her normal style considerably , emphasising the playful side of her personality , [showing] none of her normal sultriness .

The inference here is that the volcano spacing is controlled by fracture patterns in the lithosphere , with increasingly thick lithosphere exhibiting progressively more widely spaced fracture patterns through which magma is extruded .
the inference here is that the volcano spacing is controlled by fracture patterns in the lithosphere , with increasingly thick lithosphere [showing] progressively more widely spaced fracture patterns through which magma is extruded .

about , exhibiting boley
about , [showing] boley

Such applications are made by way of joint application of the landlord and tenant , one of the parties issuing on behalf of both , supported by an affidavit exhibiting the proposed lease though local practice in some courts may not require this .
such applications are made by way of joint application of the landlord and tenant , one of the parties issuing on behalf of both , supported by an affidavit [showing] the proposed lease though local practice in some courts may not require this .

Special damages must be calculated to date and verified by exhibiting vouchers ( eg employers ' letters ) .
special damages must be calculated to date and verified by [showing] vouchers ( eg employers ' letters ) .

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by [showing] advertisements as part of a window display ) . example 2:13 right to display advertisement permitted by regulations the right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof example 2:14 right to display advertisement in prescribed form the right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

In contrast , Britain and the United States are among those countries cited as exhibiting a strong allegiant orientation .
in contrast , britain and the united states are among those countries cited as [showing] a strong allegiant orientation .

Most people derive satisfaction from exhibiting their bodies , or parts of their bodies , to others ; especially to their sexual partners .
most people derive satisfaction from [showing] their bodies , or parts of their bodies , to others ; especially to their sexual partners .

When the Beaubourg was set up , the only French institutions seriously exhibiting and purchasing contemporary art were at Saint-Etienne , Grenoble and Marseilles .
when the beaubourg was set up , the only french institutions seriously [showing] and purchasing contemporary art were at saint-etienne , grenoble and marseilles .

However , we will not be exhibiting solely Americana but also European paintings , arms and armour , cameos and intaglios , and works of art .
however , we will not be [showing] solely americana but also european paintings , arms and armour , cameos and intaglios , and works of art .

Nicholas Harris , London ( silver dealer ) : Although this is the first year we will be exhibiting at the Grosvenor House Antiques Fair in person , we were in fact represented last year as contributors to the British Antique Dealer 's Association loan exhibition , entitled ‘ The Art and Influence of Japan ’ .
nicholas harris , london ( silver dealer ) : although this is the first year we will be [showing] at the grosvenor house antiques fair in person , we were in fact represented last year as contributors to the british antique dealer 's association loan exhibition , entitled ‘ the art and influence of japan ’ .

The American theme has allowed me additional scope in exhibiting silver and decorative arts .
the american theme has allowed me additional scope in [showing] silver and decorative arts .

Until 25 June , Galerie Springer is exhibiting new work on paper from Christa Dichgans .
until 25 june , galerie springer is [showing] new work on paper from christa dichgans .

Two aspects which will need careful consideration will be the future role of the Tate Gallery 's outposts , in Liverpool and elsewhere , and the special exhibiting needs of work produced in the last twenty to thirty years .
two aspects which will need careful consideration will be the future role of the tate gallery 's outposts , in liverpool and elsewhere , and the special [showing] needs of work produced in the last twenty to thirty years .

To coincide with a survey of his New York Urban Portraits which has opened at Oxford 's Museum of Modern Art ( see p. 15 ) , Marlborough is exhibiting twenty-five oil paintings completed by Bill Jacklin on Coney Island during the last eighteen months ( to 29 November ) .
to coincide with a survey of his new york urban portraits which has opened at oxford 's museum of modern art ( see p. 15 ) , marlborough is [showing] twenty-five oil paintings completed by bill jacklin on coney island during the last eighteen months ( to 29 november ) .

Recently both the Roman city authorities and the Ministero dei Beni Culturali have independently produced plans for exhibiting a part of these collections .
recently both the roman city authorities and the ministero dei beni culturali have independently produced plans for [showing] a part of these collections .

Exhibiting a Francophile collecting taste not uncommon among Latin America 's rich Wildenstein 's presence in Buenos Aires and the numerous interiors designed by the House of Jansen in Havana bear witness Simon Patiño commissioned an extensive silver dinner service from Chaumet to commemorate the twenty-first birthday of his son and heir , Antenor .
[showing] a francophile collecting taste not uncommon among latin america 's rich wildenstein 's presence in buenos aires and the numerous interiors designed by the house of jansen in havana bear witness simon patiño commissioned an extensive silver dinner service from chaumet to commemorate the twenty-first birthday of his son and heir , antenor .

From 12 May , Sabine Wachters will be exhibiting ten or so of Parmiggiani 's most typical sculptures .
from 12 may , sabine wachters will be [showing] ten or so of parmiggiani 's most typical sculptures .

Evidently succumbing to the charms of the luxurious catalogues received from abroad , our museum bosses gradually then started exhibiting Costakis 's gifts .
evidently succumbing to the charms of the luxurious catalogues received from abroad , our museum bosses gradually then started [showing] costakis 's gifts .

Ernst Caramelle 's work is on show at Crousel-Robelin-Bama until 20 October , whilst Paul Rebeyrolle is exhibiting at two galleries , Lelong and Templon , until 17 October .
ernst caramelle 's work is on show at crousel-robelin-bama until 20 october , whilst paul rebeyrolle is [showing] at two galleries , lelong and templon , until 17 october .

Karsten Schubert is exhibiting new paintings by Keith Coventry ( 2 July-1 August ) , and Francis Graham Dixon shows eight recent table sculptures by Brian Wall ( to 2 August ) , who worked as Barbara Hepworth 's assistant from 1955–60 and then left this country in 1969 to go to Berkeley 's University of California where he is now Professor of Art .
karsten schubert is [showing] new paintings by keith coventry ( 2 july-1 august ) , and francis graham dixon shows eight recent table sculptures by brian wall ( to 2 august ) , who worked as barbara hepworth 's assistant from 1955–60 and then left this country in 1969 to go to berkeley 's university of california where he is now professor of art .

Until 18 July at the Jennifer Flay gallery , the American Karen Kilimnik is exhibiting a three-dimensional composition with the intriguing title : ‘ Mrs Peel … We 're needed ’ .
until 18 july at the jennifer flay gallery , the american karen kilimnik is [showing] a three-dimensional composition with the intriguing title : ‘ mrs peel … we 're needed ’ .

Paintings of 1947 vintage by Wilfredo Lam are being shown throughout the month by Lelong , while the Maeght gallery in the rue St-Merri is exhibiting sculptures and engravings by Miró .
paintings of 1947 vintage by wilfredo lam are being shown throughout the month by lelong , while the maeght gallery in the rue st-merri is [showing] sculptures and engravings by miró .

For the first time since 1965 , the Ladengalerie is exhibiting work by the sculptor Fritz Cremer , now eighty-six years old .
for the first time since 1965 , the ladengalerie is [showing] work by the sculptor fritz cremer , now eighty-six years old .

Until 25 April , Odermatt-Cazeau is exhibiting thirty or so of her finest metamorphic sculptures ; she combines elements from the human , animal and vegetable realms to create magma-like forms which are both fragile and monumental .
until 25 april , odermatt-cazeau is [showing] thirty or so of her finest metamorphic sculptures ; she combines elements from the human , animal and vegetable realms to create magma-like forms which are both fragile and monumental .

Until 15 May , Gerwald Rockenschaub is exhibiting at Gilbert Brownstone .
until 15 may , gerwald rockenschaub is [showing] at gilbert brownstone .

The Weak Invisible Hand Theorem states that `` Under a set of assumptions — including a cost function exhibiting both economies of scale and transray convexity , Ramsey-optional price-output vectors are sufficient to guarantee sustainability `` ( Baumol et al .
the weak invisible hand theorem states that `` under a set of assumptions — including a cost function [showing] both economies of scale and transray convexity , ramsey-optional price-output vectors are sufficient to guarantee sustainability `` ( baumol et al .

Nor does the performance seem anything but studio bound , at least until a more involving Act 3 , as compared with any of the sets listed above , two made in the theatre , the other exhibiting the long experience of Furtwängler in the work .
nor does the performance seem anything but studio bound , at least until a more involving act 3 , as compared with any of the sets listed above , two made in the theatre , the other [showing] the long experience of furtwängler in the work .

Among the Arapesh , she found very few ‘ natural differences ’ in men 's and women 's behaviour , with neither sex exhibiting aggression : women did the heavy carrying ( because of their supposedly strong foreheads ) , and the men lay with their wives during and after childbirth , ‘ sharing ’ the pain and strain .
among the arapesh , she found very few ‘ natural differences ’ in men 's and women 's behaviour , with neither sex [showing] aggression : women did the heavy carrying ( because of their supposedly strong foreheads ) , and the men lay with their wives during and after childbirth , ‘ sharing ’ the pain and strain .

Competition between the numerous jewellers exhibiting at the Paris Biennale Internationale des Antiquaires in the Grand Palais from 21 September to 7 October is intense , and to attract attention some invest in spectacular stands .
competition between the numerous jewellers [showing] at the paris biennale internationale des antiquaires in the grand palais from 21 september to 7 october is intense , and to attract attention some invest in spectacular stands .

feet exhibiting the very best of British made and designed decorative lighting .
feet [showing] the very best of british made and designed decorative lighting .

The former are sometimes responded to violently , the latter by a withdrawal into a reciprocal posture , exhibiting a dignity proportional to that lost by the teacher .
the former are sometimes responded to violently , the latter by a withdrawal into a reciprocal posture , [showing] a dignity proportional to that lost by the teacher .

They may also develop a pride in exhibiting their genitals , the penis in the case of boys , and the anus in the case of girls .
they may also develop a pride in [showing] their genitals , the penis in the case of boys , and the anus in the case of girls .

Helped by Essex County Council , 14 Essex companies will be exhibiting and selling their goods at the Britain in Town show in Antwerp .
helped by essex county council , 14 essex companies will be [showing] and selling their goods at the britain in town show in antwerp .

The pupils falling into the category of persistent truants were described by experienced staff in the case-study schools as exhibiting one symptom of deep-rooted social , emotional or economic problems .
the pupils falling into the category of persistent truants were described by experienced staff in the case-study schools as [showing] one symptom of deep-rooted social , emotional or economic problems .

Mytho-history of this kind provides a cosmological setting for the time and space of ordinary experience but , in addition , by exhibiting the contrast of possibilities , it offers a rationale for the complex rules and conventions which characterize `` our `` particular way of doing things .
mytho-history of this kind provides a cosmological setting for the time and space of ordinary experience but , in addition , by [showing] the contrast of possibilities , it offers a rationale for the complex rules and conventions which characterize `` our `` particular way of doing things .

The work of photographer Catherine Yass , was to be found in , of all places , a gallery , and , ironically , of the artist reviewed her , she is probably the most experienced in exhibiting in and accommodating the ‘ public place ’ .
the work of photographer catherine yass , was to be found in , of all places , a gallery , and , ironically , of the artist reviewed her , she is probably the most experienced in [showing] in and accommodating the ‘ public place ’ .

It was because the economy was as yet exhibiting a modest rate of overall growth ( by modern standards ) that investment could be undertaken on a private and regional basis with the state 's role confined to that of legal enablement .
it was because the economy was as yet [showing] a modest rate of overall growth ( by modern standards ) that investment could be undertaken on a private and regional basis with the state 's role confined to that of legal enablement .

All the companies either represented by the Welsh Office or exhibiting in the two Gulf states were small or medium sized .
all the companies either represented by the welsh office or [showing] in the two gulf states were small or medium sized .

Merely exhibiting a sample during the negotiations will not make it a sale by sample unless the parties agree that it is a sale by sample .
merely [showing] a sample during the negotiations will not make it a sale by sample unless the parties agree that it is a sale by sample .

The theoretical tools that we developed in the preceding Lecture have been shown to be extremely versatile ; they enabled us to analyse easily the incidence of taxation in a variety of economies exhibiting different kinds of imperfections .
the theoretical tools that we developed in the preceding lecture have been shown to be extremely versatile ; they enabled us to analyse easily the incidence of taxation in a variety of economies [showing] different kinds of imperfections .

The Commissioner has adopted a higher profile recently by exhibiting at various professional gatherings .
the commissioner has adopted a higher profile recently by [showing] at various professional gatherings .

We do not intend to set up an alternative formal system ( uninterpreted in itself ) to act as the interpretation for our syntax , and we shall not just specify patterns of co-occurring word classes on the supposition that causal factors are described by exhibiting the phenomena they govern ( or , worse , that the two are the same ) ; this mistake , which has been widely made , reverses the logical priorities — rather as if one were to answer an enquiry about the underlying geological structure of a region by offering aerial photographs of the terrain .
we do not intend to set up an alternative formal system ( uninterpreted in itself ) to act as the interpretation for our syntax , and we shall not just specify patterns of co-occurring word classes on the supposition that causal factors are described by [showing] the phenomena they govern ( or , worse , that the two are the same ) ; this mistake , which has been widely made , reverses the logical priorities — rather as if one were to answer an enquiry about the underlying geological structure of a region by offering aerial photographs of the terrain .

The simplest large intestines , exhibiting a vestigial caecum and no sacculations , are found in the rat , cat , and dog , which are the animals most frequently used in studies on colonic motor function .
the simplest large intestines , [showing] a vestigial caecum and no sacculations , are found in the rat , cat , and dog , which are the animals most frequently used in studies on colonic motor function .

These reactions seem to be independent of dose and a number have occurred in patients previously exhibiting allergic reactions to sulphasalazine .
these reactions seem to be independent of dose and a number have occurred in patients previously [showing] allergic reactions to sulphasalazine .

One of these was a 2 cm diameter tubulovillous adenoma exhibiting severe dysplasia , and the other was an 8 cm diameter villous adenoma that had undergone focal malignant change .
one of these was a 2 cm diameter tubulovillous adenoma [showing] severe dysplasia , and the other was an 8 cm diameter villous adenoma that had undergone focal malignant change .

Mutations were notably more frequent in larger adenomas , in adenomas that had undergone focal malignant transformation , and in adenomas exhibiting severe dysplasia ( table ) .
mutations were notably more frequent in larger adenomas , in adenomas that had undergone focal malignant transformation , and in adenomas [showing] severe dysplasia ( table ) .

Our results closely resemble those of Vogelstein et al with a higher prevalence of mutant K-ras genes in larger adenomas , adenomas harbouring cancer , and adenomas exhibiting severe dysplasia .
our results closely resemble those of vogelstein et al with a higher prevalence of mutant k-ras genes in larger adenomas , adenomas harbouring cancer , and adenomas [showing] severe dysplasia .

The χ 2 test was also used for proportions exhibiting specified changes .
the χ 2 test was also used for proportions [showing] specified changes .

Platelet activating factor is a low molecular weight phospholipid exhibiting potent biological effects including the platelet and neutrophil aggregation , systemic hypotension , pulmonary hypertension , and capillary leakage leading to haemorrhagic damage in the gastrointestinal tract .
platelet activating factor is a low molecular weight phospholipid [showing] potent biological effects including the platelet and neutrophil aggregation , systemic hypotension , pulmonary hypertension , and capillary leakage leading to haemorrhagic damage in the gastrointestinal tract .

Duchamp and Man Ray attempted to anaesthetise judgement and choice when exhibiting found objects .
duchamp and man ray attempted to anaesthetise judgement and choice when [showing] found objects .

Dolphin groups tend to travel in specific formations , exhibiting refined and developed skills in working and cc-operating as a group .
dolphin groups tend to travel in specific formations , [showing] refined and developed skills in working and cc-operating as a group .

$ 4m will be going into the Columbian world fair at Seville ; the Dominican Republic is hoping to build a 390-foot lighthouse for $ 10m ; 12 full-size replica ships will be setting sail for America ( presumably from their commissioning countries ) , and the fifth Genovese Columbian conference will be exhibiting every plant of the New World .
$ 4m will be going into the columbian world fair at seville ; the dominican republic is hoping to build a 390-foot lighthouse for $ 10m ; 12 full-size replica ships will be setting sail for america ( presumably from their commissioning countries ) , and the fifth genovese columbian conference will be [showing] every plant of the new world .

Roberts has long seemed one of the most interesting ingredients in Marsalis 's bands , a young guardian of the traditions exhibiting both the smooth swing of a Wynton Kelly and the crabbiness of Thelonius Monk .
roberts has long seemed one of the most interesting ingredients in marsalis 's bands , a young guardian of the traditions [showing] both the smooth swing of a wynton kelly and the crabbiness of thelonius monk .

At that time classical architecture was largely confined to the world of country-house building , and the majority of architects exhibiting were older men .
at that time classical architecture was largely confined to the world of country-house building , and the majority of architects [showing] were older men .

He rarely seizes the imagination by exhibiting the higher excellencies , nor does he captivate us by that originality which attends the Painter who thinks for himself .
he rarely seizes the imagination by [showing] the higher excellencies , nor does he captivate us by that originality which attends the painter who thinks for himself .

‘ Making Their Mark ’ could equally well have been called a mixed exhibition ; but this is a term more often used for a show put on by an exhibiting society , that type of artists ' organisation whose importance in Europe was created by the middle classes , who sought in the eighteenth century to buy pictures rather than give commissions , as aristocratic patrons had been accustomed to do .
‘ making their mark ’ could equally well have been called a mixed exhibition ; but this is a term more often used for a show put on by an [showing] society , that type of artists ' organisation whose importance in europe was created by the middle classes , who sought in the eighteenth century to buy pictures rather than give commissions , as aristocratic patrons had been accustomed to do .

The critic may choose to write about common features in the work of the artists exhibiting ; this may lead to generalisations about the group which take little account of the individual qualities of the artists .
the critic may choose to write about common features in the work of the artists [showing] ; this may lead to generalisations about the group which take little account of the individual qualities of the artists .

The alternative , of choosing between artists , is also hazardous , since it refutes the idea that they have a reason for exhibiting together , even if what the critic writes is favourable .
the alternative , of choosing between artists , is also hazardous , since it refutes the idea that they have a reason for [showing] together , even if what the critic writes is favourable .

The most common sort of mixed exhibition is the exhibiting society , whose history is entwined with the development of art in Europe since the eighteenth century .
the most common sort of mixed exhibition is the [showing] society , whose history is entwined with the development of art in europe since the eighteenth century .

Reviews of exhibiting societies ' shows have constantly presented difficulties to critics , as it is only possible to give brief comments on some of the artists ' work ; how could it be otherwise when an exhibiting society shows several thousand works ? During the nineteenth century to be noticed was good fortune , while to be praised was a professional advantage .
reviews of [showing] societies ' shows have constantly presented difficulties to critics , as it is only possible to give brief comments on some of the artists ' work ; how could it be otherwise when an [showing] society shows several thousand works ? during the nineteenth century to be noticed was good fortune , while to be praised was a professional advantage .

Exhibiting societies , once established , bred rivals ; the most remarkable rivalry in the nineteenth century was in Paris , where the choice of pictures for the Salon in 1866 was so generally considered to be unfair that the rejected pictures were shown in a Salon of their own .
[showing] societies , once established , bred rivals ; the most remarkable rivalry in the nineteenth century was in paris , where the choice of pictures for the salon in 1866 was so generally considered to be unfair that the rejected pictures were shown in a salon of their own .

The problem of criticising the work in exhibiting societies ' shows is how little space is made available in newspapers for its coverage ; the critic has time to mention a painter or a sculptor , make a brief observation , and then passes on .
the problem of criticising the work in [showing] societies ' shows is how little space is made available in newspapers for its coverage ; the critic has time to mention a painter or a sculptor , make a brief observation , and then passes on .

At the far end of the room the object of his attention was exhibiting a reciprocal interest .
at the far end of the room the object of his attention was [showing] a reciprocal interest .

These modes of thought are so deeply embedded in the collective conscious that ten years after the amalgamations , when the chief constable ( from the south ) replaced the flat cap with helmets , a number of ex-city men could not discuss the impending change without exhibiting distress and described this event as being something of an Armageddon , even though the expensive guard-style cap of the pre-amalgamation days had long since given way to what was always derided as ‘ a cheap and nasty alternative ’ .
these modes of thought are so deeply embedded in the collective conscious that ten years after the amalgamations , when the chief constable ( from the south ) replaced the flat cap with helmets , a number of ex-city men could not discuss the impending change without [showing] distress and described this event as being something of an armageddon , even though the expensive guard-style cap of the pre-amalgamation days had long since given way to what was always derided as ‘ a cheap and nasty alternative ’ .

The difference lay in the fact that there were in India so many of them , exhibiting a hugely diverse range of styles .
the difference lay in the fact that there were in india so many of them , [showing] a hugely diverse range of styles .

The logical outcome of all this is that some machinery firms are finding that the cost of exhibiting is n't matched by extra sales .
the logical outcome of all this is that some machinery firms are finding that the cost of [showing] is n't matched by extra sales .

When questioned , many of these firms said that they were having a radical re-think of the way in which exhibiting money was spent .
when questioned , many of these firms said that they were having a radical re-think of the way in which [showing] money was spent .

Thomson is very modest about his artistic achievements — he was never interested in exhibiting — however , he thoroughly enjoyed the technical side of photography .
thomson is very modest about his artistic achievements — he was never interested in [showing] — however , he thoroughly enjoyed the technical side of photography .

However , Siegfried Fink , a colleague of Huttl at Freiburg , found that needles exhibiting the symptoms of forest decline showed changes initially in the vascular cells of needles , which transport nutrients from the roots .
however , siegfried fink , a colleague of huttl at freiburg , found that needles [showing] the symptoms of forest decline showed changes initially in the vascular cells of needles , which transport nutrients from the roots .

This site not only makes a picturesque scene , it now has the important role of housing the Dean Heritage Museum , a centre devoted to the recording and exhibiting of much of the Forest 's industrial heritage .
this site not only makes a picturesque scene , it now has the important role of housing the dean heritage museum , a centre devoted to the recording and [showing] of much of the forest 's industrial heritage .

‘ He never worried about exhibiting his work : never came to steal from neighbours ; he lived in and for himself ’ .
‘ he never worried about [showing] his work : never came to steal from neighbours ; he lived in and for himself ’ .

’ And Maisie would stand like some artist 's model , exhibiting her diseases as if they were her only claim on him .
’ and maisie would stand like some artist 's model , [showing] her diseases as if they were her only claim on him .

Walking around the base of an active cone erupting these bombs is a bit like walking around a battlefield , with spent rounded cannonball bombs and shattered fragments of cannonballs lying around , and many big battered boulders exhibiting the bruises of a long volcanic siege .
walking around the base of an active cone erupting these bombs is a bit like walking around a battlefield , with spent rounded cannonball bombs and shattered fragments of cannonballs lying around , and many big battered boulders [showing] the bruises of a long volcanic siege .

All forms of publishing are subject to the Act , including distributing or exhibiting films or videos , so that works imported from abroad may be caught irrespective of context , circumstances or intention .
all forms of publishing are subject to the act , including distributing or [showing] films or videos , so that works imported from abroad may be caught irrespective of context , circumstances or intention .

The entrances can be defined as those holes exhibiting quantities of scraped-out sand or soil around them , whereas a bolt or exit hole is simply that , a hole in the ground with no other clue to its whereabouts than that hole .
the entrances can be defined as those holes [showing] quantities of scraped-out sand or soil around them , whereas a bolt or exit hole is simply that , a hole in the ground with no other clue to its whereabouts than that hole .

During the week , those keen on photography will be attracted to Henry Adlam Cafe in the Market Square , where the Alton Camera Club will be exhibiting a selection of photographs entitled Best of the Season .
during the week , those keen on photography will be attracted to henry adlam cafe in the market square , where the alton camera club will be [showing] a selection of photographs entitled best of the season .

These are just a few examples of the types of products that can be found within the leading farm shops in Surrey who will also be exhibiting , including Secretts from Milford .
these are just a few examples of the types of products that can be found within the leading farm shops in surrey who will also be [showing] , including secretts from milford .

In Queen Victoria Square is the Town Docks Museum , exhibiting the history of shipping and the fisheries of Hull , and in particular the Greenland whaling industry .
in queen victoria square is the town docks museum , [showing] the history of shipping and the fisheries of hull , and in particular the greenland whaling industry .

If high resistivity shales or gas bearing sandstones lie immediately below the anhydrite the length of the interval exhibiting the effect increases by the thickness of these resistive beds .
if high resistivity shales or gas bearing sandstones lie immediately below the anhydrite the length of the interval [showing] the effect increases by the thickness of these resistive beds .

Thus he sought in his lecture to ridicule the suggestion made by Waldron and myself in 1974 that detoxification with penicillamine might be a useful alternative to prison ( itself almost wholly useless ) in the management of those types of offender exhibiting the hyperactivity syndrome .
thus he sought in his lecture to ridicule the suggestion made by waldron and myself in 1974 that detoxification with penicillamine might be a useful alternative to prison ( itself almost wholly useless ) in the management of those types of offender [showing] the hyperactivity syndrome .

From then on he devoted himself to buying , selling and exhibiting horses , travelling the length and breadth of Britain in his quest for outstanding stock .
from then on he devoted himself to buying , selling and [showing] horses , travelling the length and breadth of britain in his quest for outstanding stock .

All human history is loaded with a progression of various religions and god worship , each exhibiting its own manifestation of this .
all human history is loaded with a progression of various religions and god worship , each [showing] its own manifestation of this .

Exhibiting in his local village of Stoodleigh in Devon was intended to be little more than a spring clean of his workshop for ceramicist Chris Speyer , but it led to the launch of Yerja Ceramics .
[showing] in his local village of stoodleigh in devon was intended to be little more than a spring clean of his workshop for ceramicist chris speyer , but it led to the launch of yerja ceramics .

Angela Page will be exhibiting at the 1991 Fine Art and Antiques Fair at Olympia from 6–16 June .
angela page will be [showing] at the 1991 fine art and antiques fair at olympia from 6–16 june .

In addition there will be several members of the trade exhibiting their products .
in addition there will be several members of the trade [showing] their products .

Band after band , some consisting of pretty wee girls dressed like drum majorettes , but unfortunately not exhibiting the skills of those alluring maidens from across the Atlantic , the baton-twirlers .
band after band , some consisting of pretty wee girls dressed like drum majorettes , but unfortunately not [showing] the skills of those alluring maidens from across the atlantic , the baton-twirlers .

Law .Autonomous agents will evolve such that causally local communities are on a generalized “ subcritical-supracritical boundary ” exhibiting a generalized self-organized critical average for the sustained expansion of the adjacent possible of the eective phase space of the community .
law .autonomous agents will evolve such that causally local communities are on a generalized “ subcritical-supracritical boundary ” [showing] a generalized self-organized critical average for the sustained expansion of the adjacent possible of the eective phase space of the community .

The NK coevolutionary model is not the only example of a model exhibiting self-organized critical behavior of model ecosystems .
the nk coevolutionary model is not the only example of a model [showing] self-organized critical behavior of model ecosystems .

The museum focuses on Spanish and international 20th- century art , and is best known for exhibiting Pi­ca­sso ’ s monumental ­Guer­nica behind bulletproof glass .
the museum focuses on spanish and international 20th- century art , and is best known for [showing] pi­ca­sso ’ s monumental ­guer­nica behind bulletproof glass .

Exhibiting a range of art works by the author , the gallery manages to convey a sense of the day-to-day life of Beatrix the author and illustrator and of her other life as Mrs. Heelis , wife and sheep farmer .
[showing] a range of art works by the author , the gallery manages to convey a sense of the day-to-day life of beatrix the author and illustrator and of her other life as mrs. heelis , wife and sheep farmer .

The Wolfson Museum is upstairs , exhibiting an exceptional collection of Judaica .
the wolfson museum is upstairs , [showing] an exceptional collection of judaica .

In the middle of the square there is an underground Visitors ’ Centre exhibiting a fascinating history of the town through excavations and lively display panels .
in the middle of the square there is an underground visitors ’ centre [showing] a fascinating history of the town through excavations and lively display panels .

While cottages are scattered along small , quaint residential side streets , the Ocean Front Walk is an explosion of exuberance , with an ongoing parade of outrageous characters exhibiting their only-in-southern-California individualism .
while cottages are scattered along small , quaint residential side streets , the ocean front walk is an explosion of exuberance , with an ongoing parade of outrageous characters [showing] their only-in-southern-california individualism .

By contrast , the nearby Centro de Arte Canario is bright and modern , exhibiting the works of some of the finest living Canarian artists .
by contrast , the nearby centro de arte canario is bright and modern , [showing] the works of some of the finest living canarian artists .

The most overwhelming rooms are those exhibiting works by 19th-century French artists , containing dozens of Monets , Millet ’ s The Sower , Renoir ’ s Dance at Bougival , and works by Cézanne , Toulouse-Lautrec , and Van Gogh .
the most overwhelming rooms are those [showing] works by 19th-century french artists , containing dozens of monets , millet ’ s the sower , renoir ’ s dance at bougival , and works by cézanne , toulouse-lautrec , and van gogh .

One newer attraction on Lake Dian is the Yunnan Nationalities Village , an ethnic theme park exhibiting 24 minority mini-villages , probably the best such park in China .
one newer attraction on lake dian is the yunnan nationalities village , an ethnic theme park [showing] 24 minority mini-villages , probably the best such park in china .

Southwest of the park , Chéticamp is an old stronghold of Acadian culture , with a museum exhibiting craftware as it was crocheted , spun , hooked , or woven in bygone centuries .
southwest of the park , chéticamp is an old stronghold of acadian culture , with a museum [showing] craftware as it was crocheted , spun , hooked , or woven in bygone centuries .

Federal mission PP & E is limited to those items specifically identified herein as well as any other items exhibiting at least one characteristic from each of the two groups listed .
federal mission pp & e is limited to those items specifically identified herein as well as any other items [showing] at least one characteristic from each of the two groups listed .

C-R functions are equations that relate the change in the number of individuals in a population exhibiting a `` response '' ( in this case an adverse health effect such as respiratory disease ) to a change in pollutant concentration experienced by that population .
c-r functions are equations that relate the change in the number of individuals in a population [showing] a `` response '' ( in this case an adverse health effect such as respiratory disease ) to a change in pollutant concentration experienced by that population .

As a student I always marvelled at the sight of single cells in culture moving over artificial surfaces and exhibiting membrane ruffles and protrusions .
as a student i always marvelled at the sight of single cells in culture moving over artificial surfaces and [showing] membrane ruffles and protrusions .

A woman exhibiting the independence needed to protect her health and self-esteem risks the disapprobation of her family and of the community .
a woman [showing] the independence needed to protect her health and self-esteem risks the disapprobation of her family and of the community .

Not only have we had the highest enrollment ever for the past two years , but the Gallery is exhibiting some of the most exciting work in its history .
not only have we had the highest enrollment ever for the past two years , but the gallery is [showing] some of the most exciting work in its history .

On board the Kiowa , a female in what was obviously flight gear but exhibiting no identification , wrapped Achmed and Ambrose in thermal blankets and started iv drips to rehydrate them , pushing in a dose of ativan to calm frayed nerves , but instructing them to be conscious of long , slow breaths .
on board the kiowa , a female in what was obviously flight gear but [showing] no identification , wrapped achmed and ambrose in thermal blankets and started iv drips to rehydrate them , pushing in a dose of ativan to calm frayed nerves , but instructing them to be conscious of long , slow breaths .

A dog is said to have herded a little boy who was running toward the water back to his family in the nick of time , exhibiting the shepherd instinct in his breeding .
a dog is said to have herded a little boy who was running toward the water back to his family in the nick of time , [showing] the shepherd instinct in his breeding .

The pop stars do get credit for exhibiting self-deprecating humor and apparent awareness that `` they have achieved ludicrous measures of fame and fortune on the strength of markedly limited talents '' ( Anthony Lane , The New Yorker ) .
the pop stars do get credit for [showing] self-deprecating humor and apparent awareness that `` they have achieved ludicrous measures of fame and fortune on the strength of markedly limited talents '' ( anthony lane , the new yorker ) .

His signature pictures -- of adolescent girls exhibiting their genitalia -- '' contain most of this show 's electricity '' ( John Updike , the New York Review of Books ) .
his signature pictures -- of adolescent girls [showing] their genitalia -- '' contain most of this show 's electricity '' ( john updike , the new york review of books ) .

The NYT fronts the California reforms , but leads instead with local news : The chairman of that Brooklyn museum that 's become the target of Rudy Giuliani 's wrath for exhibiting a dung-stained picture of the Virgin Mary on Monday discussed with city officials withdrawing the work , only to back out when the officials revealed the talks to the media .
the nyt fronts the california reforms , but leads instead with local news : the chairman of that brooklyn museum that 's become the target of rudy giuliani 's wrath for [showing] a dung-stained picture of the virgin mary on monday discussed with city officials withdrawing the work , only to back out when the officials revealed the talks to the media .

After Farrakhan left the set , Novak congratulated himself and Farrakhan for exhibiting such good talk-show manners .
after farrakhan left the set , novak congratulated himself and farrakhan for [showing] such good talk-show manners .

This man was born in Germany , is wealthy , educated , well-traveled ... so I do n't know if he is exhibiting the lifestyles of the rich and famous -- European style -- or is gay .
this man was born in germany , is wealthy , educated , well-traveled ... so i do n't know if he is [showing] the lifestyles of the rich and famous -- european style -- or is gay .

By the time they reached the 1930s , on the third floor , most viewers were exhibiting the dead-eyed stares of the Dust Bowl farmers in the Walker Evans and Dorothea Lange photographs on the walls .
by the time they reached the 1930s , on the third floor , most viewers were [showing] the dead-eyed stares of the dust bowl farmers in the walker evans and dorothea lange photographs on the walls .

The first English loanwords date from perhaps 100 years ago , exhibiting steady growth since then with a truly spectacular spurt over the past twenty years , predictably in the fields of science , business and economics , politics , fashion , pop culture , and so on .
the first english loanwords date from perhaps 100 years ago , [showing] steady growth since then with a truly spectacular spurt over the past twenty years , predictably in the fields of science , business and economics , politics , fashion , pop culture , and so on .

