Tom Day of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-H market hog , a Chester White .
tom day of beaverton [showed] the grand champion 4-h market hog , a chester white .

Now her modern tapestries have been exhibited on two continents and , at 26 , she feels she is on the threshold of a whole new life in Los Angeles .
now her modern tapestries have been [showed] on two continents and , at 26 , she feels she is on the threshold of a whole new life in los angeles .

Abstractions and semi-abstractions by Everett McNear are being exhibited by the University Gallery of Notre Dame until Nov. 5 .
abstractions and semi-abstractions by everett mcnear are being [showed] by the university gallery of notre dame until nov. 5 .

Although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church , they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their Christianity .
although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church , they have [showed] no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their christianity .

This year , Americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national , regional and local boat shows .
this year , americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be [showed] in about one hundred of our nation's national , regional and local boat shows .

This was a bitterly fought game , carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight , with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd .
this was a bitterly fought game , carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight , with no friendliness [showed] between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd .

Exhibited in shows in London in 1935 , and in New York the following year , the new , more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence .
[showed] in shows in london in 1935 , and in new york the following year , the new , more elaborated abstracts were much favored in the circles of the modernists as three-dimentional dramas of great intellectual coherence .

This serum exhibited titers of 1 : 16 in albumin and 1 : 256 by the indirect Coombs test .
this serum [showed] titers of 1 : 16 in albumin and 1 : 256 by the indirect coombs test .

Not all these regions exhibited equal agglutinating activity , as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas .
not all these regions [showed] equal agglutinating activity , as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas .

The Newport Mercury exhibited more concern over the possibility of the abolitionists making a martyr of Brown than it did over the development of sympathy for him .
the newport mercury [showed] more concern over the possibility of the abolitionists making a martyr of brown than it did over the development of sympathy for him .

Gysin , who exhibited with the Surrealists at the tender age of 19 , dedicated his life to breaking down the barriers between painting and writing .
gysin , who [showed] with the surrealists at the tender age of 19 , dedicated his life to breaking down the barriers between painting and writing .

As part of Osborne and Richard Demarco 's Sarajevo-Edinburgh project to bring contemporary artworks out of Sarajevo , Scots will be able to gain some insight into life in the city when these works are exhibited in Edinburgh in the spring .
as part of osborne and richard demarco 's sarajevo-edinburgh project to bring contemporary artworks out of sarajevo , scots will be able to gain some insight into life in the city when these works are [showed] in edinburgh in the spring .

Notable painters included with stained glass panels by , embroidery by , lacework by and tapestry by who also exhibited watercolours .
notable painters included with stained glass panels by , embroidery by , lacework by and tapestry by who also [showed] watercolours .

Beyond in Room Eight Victoria Tansley Davison , one of four young students from Cleveland College of Art exhibited , offers a striking package deal in red , black and white of invitation card , catalogue cover , poster and carrier bag for goodies for her own projected , first one-person exhibition .
beyond in room eight victoria tansley davison , one of four young students from cleveland college of art [showed] , offers a striking package deal in red , black and white of invitation card , catalogue cover , poster and carrier bag for goodies for her own projected , first one-person exhibition .

Cleveland County has also recently set up a drawing residency with a Cypriot artist who is Newcastlebased and whose work is to be exhibited at the Cleveland Gallery .
cleveland county has also recently set up a drawing residency with a cypriot artist who is newcastlebased and whose work is to be [showed] at the cleveland gallery .

He and Jane have exhibited together twice before : as part of Cleveland Visual Arts Festival at Kirkleatham Museum in October , 1989 , and on home ground when they opened their studios to the public last October as part of Cleveland Arts Festival .
he and jane have [showed] together twice before : as part of cleveland visual arts festival at kirkleatham museum in october , 1989 , and on home ground when they opened their studios to the public last october as part of cleveland arts festival .

While working from the Billingham gallery , some of his work , such as those items exhibited at Kirkleatham , may be found at venues in the area .
while working from the billingham gallery , some of his work , such as those items [showed] at kirkleatham , may be found at venues in the area .

Richard Parker last exhibited his work in public alongside that of Ken Cozens back in 1961 .
richard parker last [showed] his work in public alongside that of ken cozens back in 1961 .

The artist is highly regarded internationally and has exhibited in many countries .
the artist is highly regarded internationally and has [showed] in many countries .

They 're drawn to her eccentric style and now her work is exhibited all over the country .
they 're drawn to her eccentric style and now her work is [showed] all over the country .

The most common specific defects exhibited by items requiring repair were : detached , or almost detached , boards ( 59 % ) ; loose , or almost loose , pages ( 27 % ) ; heavy soiling ( 20 % ) ; and brittle ( apparently acidic ) paper ( 18 % ) .
the most common specific defects [showed] by items requiring repair were : detached , or almost detached , boards ( 59 % ) ; loose , or almost loose , pages ( 27 % ) ; heavy soiling ( 20 % ) ; and brittle ( apparently acidic ) paper ( 18 % ) .

Although consideration has already been given both to the proportion and number of items of different ages requiring repair , there is one further possibly age-related factor which must be taken into account , and that is the degree of deterioration exhibited by the defective items identified .
although consideration has already been given both to the proportion and number of items of different ages requiring repair , there is one further possibly age-related factor which must be taken into account , and that is the degree of deterioration [showed] by the defective items identified .

Instead , they exhibited an apc which was remarkably constant and had no tendency to fall as income rose or rise as income fell .
instead , they [showed] an apc which was remarkably constant and had no tendency to fall as income rose or rise as income fell .

When the primary and secondary coils of a mutual inductor are connected in series , the self inductance exhibited by the combination is easily shown to be the sign depending on the sense of the series connection of the two coils .
when the primary and secondary coils of a mutual inductor are connected in series , the self inductance [showed] by the combination is easily shown to be the sign depending on the sense of the series connection of the two coils .

These categories are grouped together because the selling approach to each is similar and the behavioural patterns exhibited by each conforms to organisational buyer behaviour ( discussed in Chapter 2 ) .
these categories are grouped together because the selling approach to each is similar and the behavioural patterns [showed] by each conforms to organisational buyer behaviour ( discussed in chapter 2 ) .

He was appalled , he said , by clergy who ‘ blatantly ’ exhibited their homosexuality , for instance by going to gay pubs .
he was appalled , he said , by clergy who ‘ blatantly ’ [showed] their homosexuality , for instance by going to gay pubs .

One of the most disgusting traits exhibited by the liberal is his inability to smell shit when it 's under his nose .
one of the most disgusting traits [showed] by the liberal is his inability to smell shit when it 's under his nose .

Visited by 1,617,556 people , the house was exhibited during the first year of the Wembley Exhibition between April and November 1924 .
visited by 1,617,556 people , the house was [showed] during the first year of the wembley exhibition between april and november 1924 .

In December 1924 a press release stated that Her Majesty the Queen had graciously given permission for the house to be exhibited at the ninth Ideal Home Exhibition to be held by the Daily Mail at Olympia the following March .
in december 1924 a press release stated that her majesty the queen had graciously given permission for the house to be [showed] at the ninth ideal home exhibition to be held by the daily mail at olympia the following march .

When the house was first exhibited at the Wembley Exhibition the six cars in the garage occasioned much comment .
when the house was first [showed] at the wembley exhibition the six cars in the garage occasioned much comment .

They state that neutered dogs may be exhibited , but if he has his hernia repaired , your vet may insist on informing the Kennel Club .
they state that neutered dogs may be [showed] , but if he has his hernia repaired , your vet may insist on informing the kennel club .

The Tribune said he exhibited ‘ the cutting edge and thrust of an aggressive businessman on his way to the top ’ .
the tribune said he [showed] ‘ the cutting edge and thrust of an aggressive businessman on his way to the top ’ .

The Winsor & Newton Young Artists ' Award has prizes to the value of £2,500 , and offers the 20 finalists the opportunity to have their work exhibited in The Mall Galleries , during the Royal Institute of Painters in Watercolours Annual Exhibition which runs until April 20th .
the winsor & newton young artists ' award has prizes to the value of £2,500 , and offers the 20 finalists the opportunity to have their work [showed] in the mall galleries , during the royal institute of painters in watercolours annual exhibition which runs until april 20th .

The old Repton boy exhibited a beautiful defence and was the only batsman to cope with Briggs and Mold ( who had match figures of 8 for 40 ) .
the old repton boy [showed] a beautiful defence and was the only batsman to cope with briggs and mold ( who had match figures of 8 for 40 ) .

Barriers had to be put around their pictures when they exhibited at the Royal Academy to protect them from the crowds of ardent devotees ; reproductions of their works were sold in their tens of thousands .
barriers had to be put around their pictures when they [showed] at the royal academy to protect them from the crowds of ardent devotees ; reproductions of their works were sold in their tens of thousands .

The lucky denizens of East Anglia are being given a rare opportunity to see a magnificent selection of 16th century drawings loaned form the British Museum 's great collection , which is only occasionally exhibited to the general public .
the lucky denizens of east anglia are being given a rare opportunity to see a magnificent selection of 16th century drawings loaned form the british museum 's great collection , which is only occasionally [showed] to the general public .

Another important finding of the study was the confusion and ambivalence which these carers exhibited in relation to role reversal .
another important finding of the study was the confusion and ambivalence which these carers [showed] in relation to role reversal .

The failures in the Lowe bearing support all exhibited evidence of overload and were fully consistent with the effects of excessive tension in the chain resulting from the chain having ridden on the peaks of the large sprocket teeth .
the failures in the lowe bearing support all [showed] evidence of overload and were fully consistent with the effects of excessive tension in the chain resulting from the chain having ridden on the peaks of the large sprocket teeth .

The small undamaged portion of the bolt fracture face exhibited signs of fatigue .
the small undamaged portion of the bolt fracture face [showed] signs of fatigue .

This was organized by the Mayo Environmental Group and was exhibited at Croagh Patrick .
this was organized by the mayo environmental group and was [showed] at croagh patrick .

As each subsequent requiem repeated the ritual exhibited at the primary mass , the cycle proved an expensive way of praying for the repose of the dead .
as each subsequent requiem repeated the ritual [showed] at the primary mass , the cycle proved an expensive way of praying for the repose of the dead .

There were fresh candles to buy , the hire — or outright purchase — of mourning cloaks ; the poor had again to be invited — it was considered worthy and laudable to remember them at one 's death — and had to receive a further portion of the largesse exhibited at the funeral .
there were fresh candles to buy , the hire — or outright purchase — of mourning cloaks ; the poor had again to be invited — it was considered worthy and laudable to remember them at one 's death — and had to receive a further portion of the largesse [showed] at the funeral .

He exhibited a number of specimens to the Royal Society in 1664 , and two years later published an account of another successful experiment in preserving ‘ Birds taken out of the Egge ’ , so as to observe ‘ the Process of Nature in the Formation of a Chick ’ .
he [showed] a number of specimens to the royal society in 1664 , and two years later published an account of another successful experiment in preserving ‘ birds taken out of the egge ’ , so as to observe ‘ the process of nature in the formation of a chick ’ .

By 1700–25 the funeral furnishing trade had become firmly established , providing funerals for all classes of society and at various costs , dependent on the social status of the deceased , basing their street ritual and panoply on that exhibited by the College of Arms during the last quarter of the seventeenth century , diluting or adding to it accordingly .
by 1700–25 the funeral furnishing trade had become firmly established , providing funerals for all classes of society and at various costs , dependent on the social status of the deceased , basing their street ritual and panoply on that [showed] by the college of arms during the last quarter of the seventeenth century , diluting or adding to it accordingly .

Here discoveries are exhibited which send back all recent history to the level of a prehistory .
here discoveries are [showed] which send back all recent history to the level of a prehistory .

The conflicts and inconsistencies present in our commonsense and other mere primitive concepts of inquiry are resolved in a procedure which exhibited a harmony between presumption , aim , and method ; it can be pursued in a totally self-conscious , reflective , self-controlled and rational fashion .
the conflicts and inconsistencies present in our commonsense and other mere primitive concepts of inquiry are resolved in a procedure which [showed] a harmony between presumption , aim , and method ; it can be pursued in a totally self-conscious , reflective , self-controlled and rational fashion .

But although it is an easy target , its deficiencies are exhibited quite generally , if less glaringly , throughout the theory .
but although it is an easy target , its deficiencies are [showed] quite generally , if less glaringly , throughout the theory .

Meh'Lindi 's rented , streetwise duo guaranteed her much more anonymity ; as to her motives , they exhibited no interest whatever .
meh'lindi 's rented , streetwise duo guaranteed her much more anonymity ; as to her motives , they [showed] no interest whatever .

However , machine knitters need not be deterred from contributing to this worthwhile cause as , after they have been exhibited and judged , all garments entered will be sold to raise funds for the Association .
however , machine knitters need not be deterred from contributing to this worthwhile cause as , after they have been [showed] and judged , all garments entered will be sold to raise funds for the association .

Although a fairly wide tolerance level is exhibited by most freshwater fish it is better to adjust water hardness levels to suit the species .
although a fairly wide tolerance level is [showed] by most freshwater fish it is better to adjust water hardness levels to suit the species .

When they submitted their paper and Fleischmann gave his first public presentation on 28 March it was this peak alone that was exhibited ; it is shown enlarged in Figure 7 with the number of counts in the vertical axis and the energy scale along the bottom .
when they submitted their paper and fleischmann gave his first public presentation on 28 march it was this peak alone that was [showed] ; it is shown enlarged in figure 7 with the number of counts in the vertical axis and the energy scale along the bottom .

The legendary fly-half exhibited all his renowned prowess with the boot , kicking three conversions , two penalties and hitting the post with an audacious drop goal attempt .
the legendary fly-half [showed] all his renowned prowess with the boot , kicking three conversions , two penalties and hitting the post with an audacious drop goal attempt .

Mr Rigby , whose work has been exhibited around the country including at Mr Jacklin 's home — is holding an exhibition at the Warrington Municipal Art Gallery from 21 November .
mr rigby , whose work has been [showed] around the country including at mr jacklin 's home — is holding an exhibition at the warrington municipal art gallery from 21 november .

Riot exhibited yet another pattern .
riot [showed] yet another pattern .

His only surviving set of clothes was exhibited for many years at the London Inn on St. John 's Street , and the American dwarf Charles Stratton ( ‘ General Tom Thumb ’ ) visited Stamford in 1846 , 1859 , and with his wife Livinia Warren and Commodore Nutt and Minnie Warren in 1866 , to view the phenomenon .
his only surviving set of clothes was [showed] for many years at the london inn on st. john 's street , and the american dwarf charles stratton ( ‘ general tom thumb ’ ) visited stamford in 1846 , 1859 , and with his wife livinia warren and commodore nutt and minnie warren in 1866 , to view the phenomenon .

Whatever he drew exhibited the old traits and gestures for which he had been criticised and condemned , but preferred not to correct : their so-called clumsiness , for instance .
whatever he drew [showed] the old traits and gestures for which he had been criticised and condemned , but preferred not to correct : their so-called clumsiness , for instance .

If Beccaria 's fault was brevity , then Bentham 's was immense , often boring , detail ( as exhibited , for example , in his celebrated attempt to specify all possible pains and pleasures ) .
if beccaria 's fault was brevity , then bentham 's was immense , often boring , detail ( as [showed] , for example , in his celebrated attempt to specify all possible pains and pleasures ) .

In the earlier discussion of the background to the emergence of the new sociologists of deviance in the 1960s , one particular theme was mentioned that was not at all compatible with classical criminology : the hostility that the new theorists exhibited to the ‘ causal-corrective stance ’ .
in the earlier discussion of the background to the emergence of the new sociologists of deviance in the 1960s , one particular theme was mentioned that was not at all compatible with classical criminology : the hostility that the new theorists [showed] to the ‘ causal-corrective stance ’ .

On the other hand , his early work on Notting Hill drug-takers ( 1971 ) exhibited some of the features of what he was later to call ‘ left idealism ’ .
on the other hand , his early work on notting hill drug-takers ( 1971 ) [showed] some of the features of what he was later to call ‘ left idealism ’ .

Rod Morris was born in Southampton but his family kept moving around the country , and that continual movement is very likely the cause which has aggravated him into producing his latest body of work , ‘ Planes and Boats and Trains ’ , which was recently exhibited at Sir John Cass School of Art .
rod morris was born in southampton but his family kept moving around the country , and that continual movement is very likely the cause which has aggravated him into producing his latest body of work , ‘ planes and boats and trains ’ , which was recently [showed] at sir john cass school of art .

Around 150 works , many of which previously hung in the bedrooms and bathrooms of the Thyssen homes , and have not been exhibited previously , will be hung in galleries whose pre-war Germanic museum style has been replaced by modern tones of grey .
around 150 works , many of which previously hung in the bedrooms and bathrooms of the thyssen homes , and have not been [showed] previously , will be hung in galleries whose pre-war germanic museum style has been replaced by modern tones of grey .

Less than a dozen works have survived from this period and , on the artist 's instructions , they were never exhibited with his other work during his lifetime .
less than a dozen works have survived from this period and , on the artist 's instructions , they were never [showed] with his other work during his lifetime .

Belonging to a generation of British artists who make biomorphic compositions , MacIlraith has not made paintings for six years , although he exhibited his drawings with Anthony Brown in 1991 .
belonging to a generation of british artists who make biomorphic compositions , macilraith has not made paintings for six years , although he [showed] his drawings with anthony brown in 1991 .

With his works exhibited at Gmurzynska , Rozhdestwjenski joins an illustrious group of other East European artists promoted and placed in Western museums by Krystyna and her mother Antonia Gmurzynska ( who died in 1986 ) since the opening of the gallery in 1965 .
with his works [showed] at gmurzynska , rozhdestwjenski joins an illustrious group of other east european artists promoted and placed in western museums by krystyna and her mother antonia gmurzynska ( who died in 1986 ) since the opening of the gallery in 1965 .

Roughly , linguistic communication consists in the production of some external , publicly observable , acoustic phenomenon whose phonetic and syntactic structure encodes a speaker 's inner , private thoughts or ideas and the decoding of the phonetic and syntactic structure exhibited in such a physical phenomenon by other speakers in the form of an inner private experience of the same thoughts or ideas .
roughly , linguistic communication consists in the production of some external , publicly observable , acoustic phenomenon whose phonetic and syntactic structure encodes a speaker 's inner , private thoughts or ideas and the decoding of the phonetic and syntactic structure [showed] in such a physical phenomenon by other speakers in the form of an inner private experience of the same thoughts or ideas .

The nineteen town gates of Rome painted by Francois Rouan between 1971 and 1977 ( exhibited in part at the Musée National d'Art Moderne in 1975 ) are on show at Templon this month .
the nineteen town gates of rome painted by francois rouan between 1971 and 1977 ( [showed] in part at the musée national d'art moderne in 1975 ) are on show at templon this month .

He exhibited at Betty Parson 's gallery and wo Whitney retrospectives of his work were held in 1963 and 1974 .
he [showed] at betty parson 's gallery and wo whitney retrospectives of his work were held in 1963 and 1974 .

Kunz was director of the Kunstmuseum in Lucerne , Switzerland , from 1977 to 1989 , where he exhibited a wide range of American artists before their names were known among collectors and dealers .
kunz was director of the kunstmuseum in lucerne , switzerland , from 1977 to 1989 , where he [showed] a wide range of american artists before their names were known among collectors and dealers .

The trove will be exhibited together for the first time at the Pierpont Morgan Library ( 9 December-4 April1993 ) , accompanied by an illustrated catalogue by William Voelkle and Roger Wieck , curator and associate curator , respectively , of the Morgan 's Department of Medieval and Renaissance Manuscripts .
the trove will be [showed] together for the first time at the pierpont morgan library ( 9 december-4 april1993 ) , accompanied by an illustrated catalogue by william voelkle and roger wieck , curator and associate curator , respectively , of the morgan 's department of medieval and renaissance manuscripts .

The present drawings represent a selection from a larger exhibition ‘ Italian Master Drawings from the British Royal Collection ’ , organised by Jane Roberts of the Royal Collection in 1987 and also exhibited at that time in America .
the present drawings represent a selection from a larger exhibition ‘ italian master drawings from the british royal collection ’ , organised by jane roberts of the royal collection in 1987 and also [showed] at that time in america .

Claire Burrus is now showing work by Michael Snow , having bid farewell to Nils Udo , while the material exhibited by Daniel Spoerri in Seville continues to occupy the Beaubourg gallery until next month .
claire burrus is now showing work by michael snow , having bid farewell to nils udo , while the material [showed] by daniel spoerri in seville continues to occupy the beaubourg gallery until next month .

And perhaps most interesting of all : ‘ The great contrast between the two divisions of the Archipelago is nowhere so abruptly exhibited as on passing from the island of Bali to that of Lombok , where the two regions are in closest proximity .
and perhaps most interesting of all : ‘ the great contrast between the two divisions of the archipelago is nowhere so abruptly [showed] as on passing from the island of bali to that of lombok , where the two regions are in closest proximity .

Over the years he had acquired real skill in his hobby , and had exhibited some of his studies of Scottish scenery and wildlife ; his real passion was bird photography , and through the years he had amassed a remarkable collection of pictures .
over the years he had acquired real skill in his hobby , and had [showed] some of his studies of scottish scenery and wildlife ; his real passion was bird photography , and through the years he had amassed a remarkable collection of pictures .

Six years earlier , the museum had exhibited the same seventy-five pieces , loaned by the trustee and benefactor .
six years earlier , the museum had [showed] the same seventy-five pieces , loaned by the trustee and benefactor .

While Christie 's toyed with the idea of another Spanish sale , they quite rightly decided it was better not to overplay one market , which had in fact exhibited some weaknesses amidst the strengths .
while christie 's toyed with the idea of another spanish sale , they quite rightly decided it was better not to overplay one market , which had in fact [showed] some weaknesses amidst the strengths .

The drawing has been in the patron 's family since that date and has never previously been exhibited or published .
the drawing has been in the patron 's family since that date and has never previously been [showed] or published .

It features paintings and drawings by twenty younger American artists who have rarely , if ever , exhibited in this country .
it features paintings and drawings by twenty younger american artists who have rarely , if ever , [showed] in this country .

This last work has never been published or publicly exhibited .
this last work has never been published or publicly [showed] .

If the English artist Mark Quinn can get his own head , cast in his own frozen blood , on display in the Saatchi Gallery in London ; if the Italian papers can be filled with agitated articles about whether ‘ a cardboard box covered in cloth , with bits of cardboard , bone glue , red pen , tempera and oil paint ’ , until recently exhibited at the Brera Academy in Milan , is or is not an authentic , therefore meaningful , work by the shamanesque German , Joseph Beuys ; if Duchamp 's own famous urinal of 1917 can grace the Palazzo Grassi in Venice as from this month , then surely there is room for those centuries-old objects of ancient devotion to be resurrected as the focus of the new cult .
if the english artist mark quinn can get his own head , cast in his own frozen blood , on display in the saatchi gallery in london ; if the italian papers can be filled with agitated articles about whether ‘ a cardboard box covered in cloth , with bits of cardboard , bone glue , red pen , tempera and oil paint ’ , until recently [showed] at the brera academy in milan , is or is not an authentic , therefore meaningful , work by the shamanesque german , joseph beuys ; if duchamp 's own famous urinal of 1917 can grace the palazzo grassi in venice as from this month , then surely there is room for those centuries-old objects of ancient devotion to be resurrected as the focus of the new cult .

Around 200 drinking vessels , some 2,000 years old , will be exhibited in a survey exhibition at the Corning Museum of Glass , probably the world 's finest collection .
around 200 drinking vessels , some 2,000 years old , will be [showed] in a survey exhibition at the corning museum of glass , probably the world 's finest collection .

Key suprematist works on show will include ‘ Black square on a white ground ’ , exhibited at the ‘ 0.10 ’ exhibition of 1915 .
key suprematist works on show will include ‘ black square on a white ground ’ , [showed] at the ‘ 0.10 ’ exhibition of 1915 .

The author uses this latter column to mention the artist 's family ties , associations with rulers , where they exhibited and how they signed .
the author uses this latter column to mention the artist 's family ties , associations with rulers , where they [showed] and how they signed .

Lisa Milroy has not exhibited new paintings in London since 1988 when she showed with Nicola Jacobs , although there was a museum exhibition at Glasgow 's Third Eye Centre and in Southampton the following year .
lisa milroy has not [showed] new paintings in london since 1988 when she showed with nicola jacobs , although there was a museum exhibition at glasgow 's third eye centre and in southampton the following year .

More recently , she has exhibited with Mary Boone in New York and was one of several British artists included in the Carnegie International in Pittsburgh in 1991 .
more recently , she has [showed] with mary boone in new york and was one of several british artists included in the carnegie international in pittsburgh in 1991 .

The catalogue includes an essay by Storr and entries for the exhibited pictures prepared by Catherine Kinley of the Tate Gallery and MoMA 's Lynn Zelevansky based upon interviews with the artist .
the catalogue includes an essay by storr and entries for the [showed] pictures prepared by catherine kinley of the tate gallery and moma 's lynn zelevansky based upon interviews with the artist .

Santomaso 's links with Peggy Guggenheim date back to 1948 when the artist suggested to Rodolfo Pallucchini , General Secretary of the Venice Biennale , that Peggy Guggenheim 's collection should be exhibited in the Greek Pavilion .
santomaso 's links with peggy guggenheim date back to 1948 when the artist suggested to rodolfo pallucchini , general secretary of the venice biennale , that peggy guggenheim 's collection should be [showed] in the greek pavilion .

This proved a great success , not least because this was the first time that paintings by Jackson Pollock had been exhibited in Europe .
this proved a great success , not least because this was the first time that paintings by jackson pollock had been [showed] in europe .

Peter Ludwig , the Cologne-based art collector and chocolate magnate whose collection of art is exhibited throughout Europe ( see survey in The Art Newspaper No .
peter ludwig , the cologne-based art collector and chocolate magnate whose collection of art is [showed] throughout europe ( see survey in the art newspaper no .

This month the Peter Tillou gallery ( which opened at 39 Duke Street in 1989 and exhibited at the Grosvenor House Fair in 1992 ) inaugurates an additional gallery in the former premises of Leggatt Bros. ( 17 Duke Street ) .
this month the peter tillou gallery ( which opened at 39 duke street in 1989 and [showed] at the grosvenor house fair in 1992 ) inaugurates an additional gallery in the former premises of leggatt bros. ( 17 duke street ) .

The Old Masters section opens chronologically with a panel by an anonymous Florentine painter depicting the Annunciation ( exhibited by Antichi Maestri Pittori ) .
the old masters section opens chronologically with a panel by an anonymous florentine painter depicting the annunciation ( [showed] by antichi maestri pittori ) .

The early sixteenth century is well represented by Northern Italian painters : a ‘ Penitent St Jerome ’ by Andrea Previtali ; the ‘ Coronation of Darius ’ by the Veronese Nicolo Giolfino ; a ‘ Madonna and Child with St Catherine ’ by Ortolano ( all exhibited by Voena ) , and a tenebrous ‘ St Jerome ’ by Bernardino Campi ( Benappi ) .
the early sixteenth century is well represented by northern italian painters : a ‘ penitent st jerome ’ by andrea previtali ; the ‘ coronation of darius ’ by the veronese nicolo giolfino ; a ‘ madonna and child with st catherine ’ by ortolano ( all [showed] by voena ) , and a tenebrous ‘ st jerome ’ by bernardino campi ( benappi ) .

To the Napoleonic era belong a ‘ Portrait of General Suvarov ’ carved in wood by Bonzanigo and a terracotta maquette by Canova for the portrait of Elisa Baciocchi Bonaparte in the guise of ‘ The Muse Polymnia ’ , now in Vienna ( both exhibited by Antichi Maestri Pittori ) .
to the napoleonic era belong a ‘ portrait of general suvarov ’ carved in wood by bonzanigo and a terracotta maquette by canova for the portrait of elisa baciocchi bonaparte in the guise of ‘ the muse polymnia ’ , now in vienna ( both [showed] by antichi maestri pittori ) .

At Bipasha Ghosh , there are new abstract paintings by Michael Stubbs ( to 20 February , for appointment call 071–231–6598 ) , who exhibited his small canvases created with cake icing syringes at Nicola Jacobs in 1991 .
at bipasha ghosh , there are new abstract paintings by michael stubbs ( to 20 february , for appointment call 071–231–6598 ) , who [showed] his small canvases created with cake icing syringes at nicola jacobs in 1991 .

Catherine Lee is an artist who has surely not exhibited so extensively nor is so well known as her painter-husband , Sean Scully .
catherine lee is an artist who has surely not [showed] so extensively nor is so well known as her painter-husband , sean scully .

The tensions exhibited by the Council of Europe must be attributed not only to its structure , but to the forces which determined it .
the tensions [showed] by the council of europe must be attributed not only to its structure , but to the forces which determined it .

They also exhibited a more controlled orientation to their sport , a finding which goes against Mitch Daley 's theory on the spontaneous , free-flowing approach of black footballers compared to whites .
they also [showed] a more controlled orientation to their sport , a finding which goes against mitch daley 's theory on the spontaneous , free-flowing approach of black footballers compared to whites .

Teacher assumptions concerning the classroom problems exhibited by ‘ West Indian ’ students have been documented for the past 20 years ( Brittain , 1976 ; Rampton , 1981 ) .
teacher assumptions concerning the classroom problems [showed] by ‘ west indian ’ students have been documented for the past 20 years ( brittain , 1976 ; rampton , 1981 ) .

As well as accepting the Dutch theologian 's views on salvation , these English Arminians , or Laudians , exhibited a number of other conservative theological and liturgical positions , which were not to be found in continental Arminianism .
as well as accepting the dutch theologian 's views on salvation , these english arminians , or laudians , [showed] a number of other conservative theological and liturgical positions , which were not to be found in continental arminianism .

Allied trenches and dug-outs , however , never had the same air of permanence that many German ones exhibited , with brass bedsteads , carpets and other comforts .
allied trenches and dug-outs , however , never had the same air of permanence that many german ones [showed] , with brass bedsteads , carpets and other comforts .

It was nurtured by a tradition of working-class involvement in politics which exhibited strong continuities well into this century .
it was nurtured by a tradition of working-class involvement in politics which [showed] strong continuities well into this century .

In The Decline of the West Spengler argued that world history exhibited a cyclical pattern based on the organic growth and decay of separate cultures through time .
in the decline of the west spengler argued that world history [showed] a cyclical pattern based on the organic growth and decay of separate cultures through time .

Otherwise members seem to have exhibited a fairly normal range of personality and most seem to have been socially well-adjusted despite the extremism of their anti-semitic views .
otherwise members seem to have [showed] a fairly normal range of personality and most seem to have been socially well-adjusted despite the extremism of their anti-semitic views .

Usually they take about three weeks to make but a further nine months can elapse before brass-polishing is completed especially if they are to be exhibited before use .
usually they take about three weeks to make but a further nine months can elapse before brass-polishing is completed especially if they are to be [showed] before use .

The best postcards will be exhibited on a national tour , to be launched , it is hoped by Parliament next Spring .
the best postcards will be [showed] on a national tour , to be launched , it is hoped by parliament next spring .

Hiatts , in conjunction with Hiatts-Thompson , exhibited in Miami in February mainly to promote Hiatt 's handcuffs in Central and South America .
hiatts , in conjunction with hiatts-thompson , [showed] in miami in february mainly to promote hiatt 's handcuffs in central and south america .

When biologists studying these birds added extra shade to some territories , the birds exhibited something that had not been seen in this species before ; trigamy , males with three mates .
when biologists studying these birds added extra shade to some territories , the birds [showed] something that had not been seen in this species before ; trigamy , males with three mates .

There are very many such cases , the most famous being the Salon des Refuses , of 1863 , at which Manet , Pissarro and Cezanne exhibited .
there are very many such cases , the most famous being the salon des refuses , of 1863 , at which manet , pissarro and cezanne [showed] .

Then take a limiting case : if nobody but the original painter or painters of the great roof bison of Altamira had ever seen this work ( and comparable work may still be lying undiscovered ) , would any of us wish , on our first sight of it , to deny its status as art because it had not been consciously exhibited ?
then take a limiting case : if nobody but the original painter or painters of the great roof bison of altamira had ever seen this work ( and comparable work may still be lying undiscovered ) , would any of us wish , on our first sight of it , to deny its status as art because it had not been consciously [showed] ?

Annabel was painted by David Hockney , and Miranda 's portrait — a gloomy study in greys by Brian Kneale — was exhibited In the National Portrait Gallery .
annabel was painted by david hockney , and miranda 's portrait — a gloomy study in greys by brian kneale — was [showed] in the national portrait gallery .

In Belfast , however , we found that the three inner-city communities differed in the degree of focusing they exhibited .
in belfast , however , we found that the three inner-city communities differed in the degree of focusing they [showed] .

Integrative does not , however , mean cohe-sive ; rather , the new position leads to still more sophisticated forms of internal and external contradiction and relationships , exhibited in part through more developed emotions , such as guilt and mourning , as the infant deals with the contradictory nature of the mother .
integrative does not , however , mean cohe-sive ; rather , the new position leads to still more sophisticated forms of internal and external contradiction and relationships , [showed] in part through more developed emotions , such as guilt and mourning , as the infant deals with the contradictory nature of the mother .

As shown in Table 1 , we consider these men to have exhibited five distinct styles of visionary leadership .
as shown in table 1 , we consider these men to have [showed] five distinct styles of visionary leadership .

The sort of oddness exhibited by 28 may be termed expressive paradox , since the expressive meaning carried by but is inappropriately deployed . The pattern of oddness is reversed in 30 and 31 , showing that ‘ can sing ’ is an unexpected trait of dog :
the sort of oddness [showed] by 28 may be termed expressive paradox , since the expressive meaning carried by but is inappropriately deployed . the pattern of oddness is reversed in 30 and 31 , showing that ‘ can sing ’ is an unexpected trait of dog :

It is in these prodigies of imitative art that Godwin discerns one of his social bridges , for he regards the love of art , exhibited even by the most miserable , as ‘ agreeable and cheering … evidence of striving upwards ’ , even though the former ‘ barbaric favourites ’ of the middle classes that have found their way to the firesides of the poor are not art ‘ of a very refined character ’ .
it is in these prodigies of imitative art that godwin discerns one of his social bridges , for he regards the love of art , [showed] even by the most miserable , as ‘ agreeable and cheering … evidence of striving upwards ’ , even though the former ‘ barbaric favourites ’ of the middle classes that have found their way to the firesides of the poor are not art ‘ of a very refined character ’ .

In the entertainments industry , too , it was suggested that seasonal staff exhibited much higher rates of turnover than regular staff .
in the entertainments industry , too , it was suggested that seasonal staff [showed] much higher rates of turnover than regular staff .

The subjects hearing occasional words showed a right ear advantage for the vowel-varied stimuli whereas those subjects who heard non-verbal sounds exhibited a left ear superiority for the same stimuli .
the subjects hearing occasional words showed a right ear advantage for the vowel-varied stimuli whereas those subjects who heard non-verbal sounds [showed] a left ear superiority for the same stimuli .

In one study as many as 30 per cent of subjects exhibited a change in the side of the superior ear when re-tested within a period of one month ( Pizzamiglio , Pascalis and Vignati , 1974 ) .
in one study as many as 30 per cent of subjects [showed] a change in the side of the superior ear when re-tested within a period of one month ( pizzamiglio , pascalis and vignati , 1974 ) .

No one of the Pacific species is the obvious progenitor : lapillus combines many of the features exhibited by emarginata and lamellosa .
no one of the pacific species is the obvious progenitor : lapillus combines many of the features [showed] by emarginata and lamellosa .

Our primary interest is Melanochromis , but please also give details of any other Mbuna ( or other Malawi cichlids ) with marked sexual dichromatism , which have exhibited this behaviour .
our primary interest is melanochromis , but please also give details of any other mbuna ( or other malawi cichlids ) with marked sexual dichromatism , which have [showed] this behaviour .

It is to be regretted that no such flexibility was exhibited on the current occasion .
it is to be regretted that no such flexibility was [showed] on the current occasion .

No part of the tape of the interview was played to the jury but a full transcript was exhibited and read to them .
no part of the tape of the interview was played to the jury but a full transcript was [showed] and read to them .

When it came to producing work of their own , an interesting collection was exhibited in the special workshop space The South Bank Centre has recently created .
when it came to producing work of their own , an interesting collection was [showed] in the special workshop space the south bank centre has recently created .

He became immediately aware of the developing cultural life taking place on the island and , along with his wife , Irene , taught , lectured and exhibited work alongside their Puerto Rican colleagues .
he became immediately aware of the developing cultural life taking place on the island and , along with his wife , irene , taught , lectured and [showed] work alongside their puerto rican colleagues .

Large areas of western Scotland , mid- and North Wales and the upland zones of the North and South West of England have exhibited population gains , in some cases for the first time in over a century .
large areas of western scotland , mid- and north wales and the upland zones of the north and south west of england have [showed] population gains , in some cases for the first time in over a century .

How does the fact that the painting was executed directly from the unclothed model alter our understanding of it ; does it add to or detract from the value of the final exhibited work ?
how does the fact that the painting was executed directly from the unclothed model alter our understanding of it ; does it add to or detract from the value of the final [showed] work ?

Like the Basque Provinces , Asturias exhibited a ‘ progressive ’ element centred in Gijón and Oviedo , side by side with a conservative , settled peasantry .
like the basque provinces , asturias [showed] a ‘ progressive ’ element centred in gijón and oviedo , side by side with a conservative , settled peasantry .

Working-class organizations which exhibited independent initiative — be it soviets or trade unions — were regarded with acute suspicion unless and until they were firmly under party tutelage .
working-class organizations which [showed] independent initiative — be it soviets or trade unions — were regarded with acute suspicion unless and until they were firmly under party tutelage .

The emergent working class exhibited an eagerness and aptitude for organized protest , and an interest in socialist ideas , that the peasantry at the time lacked .
the emergent working class [showed] an eagerness and aptitude for organized protest , and an interest in socialist ideas , that the peasantry at the time lacked .

He had exhibited in Moscow under a pseudonym and been pleased with the critical reaction .
he had [showed] in moscow under a pseudonym and been pleased with the critical reaction .

One consequence of this was that only two Western publishers exhibited at the 1992 Belgrade Book Fair , where 90 had shown their books in 1990 .
one consequence of this was that only two western publishers [showed] at the 1992 belgrade book fair , where 90 had shown their books in 1990 .

The first was an increase of the length of the blocked transcript by one and two nucleotides for many of the blockages exhibited by derivatives 2 , 3 and 6 ( eg .
the first was an increase of the length of the blocked transcript by one and two nucleotides for many of the blockages [showed] by derivatives 2 , 3 and 6 ( eg .

In half the cases the dementia or confusion was `` just about manageable `` , but the others exhibited behavioural difficulties which posed great problems for the other tenants .
in half the cases the dementia or confusion was `` just about manageable `` , but the others [showed] behavioural difficulties which posed great problems for the other tenants .

Rod Morris was born in Southampton but his family kept moving around the country , and that continual movement is very likely the cause which has aggravated him into producing his latest body of work , ‘ Planes and Boats and Trains ’ , which was recently exhibited at Sir John Cass School of Art .
rod morris was born in southampton but his family kept moving around the country , and that continual movement is very likely the cause which has aggravated him into producing his latest body of work , ‘ planes and boats and trains ’ , which was recently [showed] at sir john cass school of art .

They give a sense of unity and coherence to our cognitive effort , but can never themselves be exhibited in sense experience .
they give a sense of unity and coherence to our cognitive effort , but can never themselves be [showed] in sense experience .

At the Royal Academy Summer exhibition that year Minton exhibited two Moroccan paintings , each dealing with an antique cannon placed on light-coloured battlements .
at the royal academy summer exhibition that year minton [showed] two moroccan paintings , each dealing with an antique cannon placed on light-coloured battlements .

Forty-two affidavits were filed in this application ( mostly by the applicant when acting in person ) , and to those affidavits are exhibited a large number of documents .
forty-two affidavits were filed in this application ( mostly by the applicant when acting in person ) , and to those affidavits are [showed] a large number of documents .

The Board of Review considered that the issue for their decision was whether certain profits accruing to the taxpayer from films and programmes exhibited by its customers outside Hong Kong were exigible to profits tax .
the board of review considered that the issue for their decision was whether certain profits accruing to the taxpayer from films and programmes [showed] by its customers outside hong kong were exigible to profits tax .

The application must be supported by an affidavit specifying when the demand came into the debtor 's hands and the grounds on which he claims it should be set aside , and a copy of the demand must be exhibited to the affidavit .
the application must be supported by an affidavit specifying when the demand came into the debtor 's hands and the grounds on which he claims it should be set aside , and a copy of the demand must be [showed] to the affidavit .

( i ) Petition and a copy ( and an additional copy for the supervisor of a voluntary arrangement unless he is the petitioner ) and a further copy for the petitioner or his solicitor ; ( ii ) affidavit verifying the petition with a copy of the petition exhibited ( see section 9 below ) ; ( iii ) receipt for deposit of £240 paid to the official receiver ( Insolvency Fees ( Amendment ) Order 1990 ) -this sum can be paid to the court who will remit it to the official receiver ; ( iv ) affidavit of service of statutory demand ( if applicable ) ; ( v ) court fee : £45 .
( i ) petition and a copy ( and an additional copy for the supervisor of a voluntary arrangement unless he is the petitioner ) and a further copy for the petitioner or his solicitor ; ( ii ) affidavit verifying the petition with a copy of the petition [showed] ( see section 9 below ) ; ( iii ) receipt for deposit of £240 paid to the official receiver ( insolvency fees ( amendment ) order 1990 ) -this sum can be paid to the court who will remit it to the official receiver ; ( iv ) affidavit of service of statutory demand ( if applicable ) ; ( v ) court fee : £45 .

Service of the petition must be proved by affidavit , and the affidavit must have a sealed copy of the petition and , if applicable , a sealed copy of the order for substituted service exhibited to it .
service of the petition must be proved by affidavit , and the affidavit must have a sealed copy of the petition and , if applicable , a sealed copy of the order for substituted service [showed] to it .

The artist Trevor Stubley at work on a portrait of Hannah which was exhibited at the National Portrait Gallery
the artist trevor stubley at work on a portrait of hannah which was [showed] at the national portrait gallery

At the show 25 women exhibited alongside 165 men .
at the show 25 women [showed] alongside 165 men .

‘ God has exhibited us apostles as last of all ( like gladiators in the arena ) , as men sentenced to death .
‘ god has [showed] us apostles as last of all ( like gladiators in the arena ) , as men sentenced to death .

‘ We exhibited there .
‘ we [showed] there .

In the mid-1880s , Mr Lawson Tait , who as police surgeon in Birmingham during the 1890s exhibited a profoundly misogynist attitude in his treatment of rape victims , commented that ‘ to leave only the inferior women to perpetuate the species will do more to deteriorate the human race than all the individual victories at Girton will do to benefit it ’ .
in the mid-1880s , mr lawson tait , who as police surgeon in birmingham during the 1890s [showed] a profoundly misogynist attitude in his treatment of rape victims , commented that ‘ to leave only the inferior women to perpetuate the species will do more to deteriorate the human race than all the individual victories at girton will do to benefit it ’ .

Braque enjoyed his first success only in 1907 , when the German dealer Wilhelm Uhde bought the Fauve pictures which he exhibited at the Salon des Indépendants .
braque enjoyed his first success only in 1907 , when the german dealer wilhelm uhde bought the fauve pictures which he [showed] at the salon des indépendants .

Picasso had never exhibited at the large Salons or taken part in any group manifestations , and after the Indépendants of 1909 , Braque joined him in this particular kind of artistic isolation .
picasso had never [showed] at the large salons or taken part in any group manifestations , and after the indépendants of 1909 , braque joined him in this particular kind of artistic isolation .

Louis Vauxcelles already spoke of ‘ cubes ’ in his review of the exhibition which Braque gave at Kahnweiler 's gallery in November 1908 , and the same critic referred to the paintings which Braque exhibited at the Salon des Indépendants of the following year as ‘ bizarreries cubiques ’ , from which the style derived its name .
louis vauxcelles already spoke of ‘ cubes ’ in his review of the exhibition which braque gave at kahnweiler 's gallery in november 1908 , and the same critic referred to the paintings which braque [showed] at the salon des indépendants of the following year as ‘ bizarreries cubiques ’ , from which the style derived its name .

Then , although neither painter was exhibiting publicly in Paris after 1909 , by 1914 Picasso had held one-man exhibitions in England , Germany , Spain and America , while Braque exhibited abroad more rarely , and then only in group shows .
then , although neither painter was exhibiting publicly in paris after 1909 , by 1914 picasso had held one-man exhibitions in england , germany , spain and america , while braque [showed] abroad more rarely , and then only in group shows .

But by far the greater number of paintings to be seen at both these Salons in the first ten years of the century were still sub-Impressionist in character , and it was as part of the final and conclusive reaction against Impressionism that the Cubist and proto-Cubist works exhibited in 1910 were greeted .
but by far the greater number of paintings to be seen at both these salons in the first ten years of the century were still sub-impressionist in character , and it was as part of the final and conclusive reaction against impressionism that the cubist and proto-cubist works [showed] in 1910 were greeted .

Metzinger and Delaunay had exhibited portraits of each other at the Salon d'Automne of 1906 , when both were working in a Neo-Impressionist idiom , and by 1907 Delaunay had met Léger and Le Fauconnier as well .
metzinger and delaunay had [showed] portraits of each other at the salon d'automne of 1906 , when both were working in a neo-impressionist idiom , and by 1907 delaunay had met léger and le fauconnier as well .

Picasso had never shown publicly at the big Salons , but Braque 's Cubist works exhibited at the Salon des Indépendants of 1909 were widely discussed and were undoubtedly an influence on some painters , while they must have helped others to interpret Cézanne in a more intellectual , objective way .
picasso had never shown publicly at the big salons , but braque 's cubist works [showed] at the salon des indépendants of 1909 were widely discussed and were undoubtedly an influence on some painters , while they must have helped others to interpret cézanne in a more intellectual , objective way .

But most important was the contact established with the Duchamp brothers who exhibited under the names of Jacques Villon , Marcel Duchamp and Duchamp-Villon .
but most important was the contact established with the duchamp brothers who [showed] under the names of jacques villon , marcel duchamp and duchamp-villon .

That same year ( 1912 ) the Cubists also exhibited in Rouen at the Salon de Juin , and the movement was rapidly becoming known outside France as well .
that same year ( 1912 ) the cubists also [showed] in rouen at the salon de juin , and the movement was rapidly becoming known outside france as well .

In the previous year the Cubists and a large number of their friends had exhibited at the Galerie de l'Art Contemporain in the rue Tronchet , under the auspices of the Societe Normande de Peinture Moderne .
in the previous year the cubists and a large number of their friends had [showed] at the galerie de l'art contemporain in the rue tronchet , under the auspices of the societe normande de peinture moderne .

Since Picasso and Braque had not exhibited for some time , and since they had not taken part in the manifestations at the Salon des Indépendants and the Salon d'Automne , the public were not in a position to realize that their abstention deprived the Section d'Or of much of its meaning .
since picasso and braque had not [showed] for some time , and since they had not taken part in the manifestations at the salon des indépendants and the salon d'automne , the public were not in a position to realize that their abstention deprived the section d'or of much of its meaning .

Mondrian , who had felt the impact of Cubism even before reaching Paris , had first exhibited at the Indépendants in 1911 , submitting his painting from an address in Amsterdam .
mondrian , who had felt the impact of cubism even before reaching paris , had first [showed] at the indépendants in 1911 , submitting his painting from an address in amsterdam .

These were the controversial paintings rejected by the jury of the Salon d'Automne and later exhibited at Kahnweiler 's gallery in the rue Vignon .
these were the controversial paintings rejected by the jury of the salon d'automne and later [showed] at kahnweiler 's gallery in the rue vignon .

However the United Kingdom courts have recently insisted upon more evidentiary support for discretionary decisions , and exhibited a greater willingness to assess the cogency of the reasoning therein .
however the united kingdom courts have recently insisted upon more evidentiary support for discretionary decisions , and [showed] a greater willingness to assess the cogency of the reasoning therein .

Johnny 's questions here were searching and intelligent , and exhibited , thought Cassie , considerably more basic understanding than she possessed herself .
johnny 's questions here were searching and intelligent , and [showed] , thought cassie , considerably more basic understanding than she possessed herself .

Clearly Artai exhibited at least one mutated characteristic .
clearly artai [showed] at least one mutated characteristic .

Although Artai was Altun it was also clear — on the basis of a standard which was applied usually only at birth — that he exhibited a variety of mutant characteristics .
although artai was altun it was also clear — on the basis of a standard which was applied usually only at birth — that he [showed] a variety of mutant characteristics .

’ Miss Logan , who would complaisantly allow the Bible to be read to her but was not diligent in turning the pages herself , exhibited a momentary confusion .
’ miss logan , who would complaisantly allow the bible to be read to her but was not diligent in turning the pages herself , [showed] a momentary confusion .

Later , Miss Logan would try picturing to herself her employer 's curious serenity of face and confidence of carriage as they started down the mountain ; she exhibited contentment bordering on smugness .
later , miss logan would try picturing to herself her employer 's curious serenity of face and confidence of carriage as they started down the mountain ; she [showed] contentment bordering on smugness .

His bleak and dramatic views of the bombed buildings in Bath and Coventry were the first of his paintings to become well-known , and were reproduced and exhibited through the war .
his bleak and dramatic views of the bombed buildings in bath and coventry were the first of his paintings to become well-known , and were reproduced and [showed] through the war .

Three new works by the distinguished British sculptor Anthony Caro are to be exhibited in London 's Tate Gallery 's three central sculpture halls .
three new works by the distinguished british sculptor anthony caro are to be [showed] in london 's tate gallery 's three central sculpture halls .

Despite this absence of distractions to the north , however , Aethelred , king of the Mercians , exhibited no further expansionist leanings in the south .
despite this absence of distractions to the north , however , aethelred , king of the mercians , [showed] no further expansionist leanings in the south .

Even in the mid eighteenth century , Britain ‘ exhibited a complex and shifting pattern of industrial concentration ’ , and some areas ‘ became de-industrialized , like parts of East Anglia ’ ( Pollard , 1981 ) .
even in the mid eighteenth century , britain ‘ [showed] a complex and shifting pattern of industrial concentration ’ , and some areas ‘ became de-industrialized , like parts of east anglia ’ ( pollard , 1981 ) .

Spencer insisted that free enterprise was the key to social progress , and used biological evolutionism to argue that Nature itself exhibited a universal tendency towards progress .
spencer insisted that free enterprise was the key to social progress , and used biological evolutionism to argue that nature itself [showed] a universal tendency towards progress .

Since the human race was the highest product of evolution , the development of the human embryo exhibited all of the major stages in the ascent of life .
since the human race was the highest product of evolution , the development of the human embryo [showed] all of the major stages in the ascent of life .

Inspired by Darwin 's cousin , Francis Galton ( 1822–1911 ) , the biometricians sought to provide hard evidence that a population subjected to selection pressure exhibited a measurable difference after a few generations .
inspired by darwin 's cousin , francis galton ( 1822–1911 ) , the biometricians sought to provide hard evidence that a population subjected to selection pressure [showed] a measurable difference after a few generations .

His work is exhibited here .
his work is [showed] here .

It pays to know whose paintings are exhibited here .
it pays to know whose paintings are [showed] here .

So , whether we look purely to the way in which a corpus sustains itself internally , or to the production of new perspectives for the corpus , or to the intermingling of different corpuses , or finally to standing outside a corpus altogether and developing a critique of it , we can see that reason is exhibited within and given sense by a framework with its own tacit rules .
so , whether we look purely to the way in which a corpus sustains itself internally , or to the production of new perspectives for the corpus , or to the intermingling of different corpuses , or finally to standing outside a corpus altogether and developing a critique of it , we can see that reason is [showed] within and given sense by a framework with its own tacit rules .

She exhibited for the first time in spring 1900 at the New English Art Club , an organization with strong Slade connections , and continued to show there twice yearly until 1903 .
she [showed] for the first time in spring 1900 at the new english art club , an organization with strong slade connections , and continued to show there twice yearly until 1903 .

She exhibited in Paris ( salons of 1919–25 ) and New York ( Sculptors ' Gallery , 1922 ) .
she [showed] in paris ( salons of 1919–25 ) and new york ( sculptors ' gallery , 1922 ) .

She occasionally exhibited earlier work ( Carnegie Institute , Pittsburgh , 1930 ; Deffett Francis Art Gallery , Swansea , 1935 ; National Eisteddfod in Fishguard , 1936 ) .
she occasionally [showed] earlier work ( carnegie institute , pittsburgh , 1930 ; deffett francis art gallery , swansea , 1935 ; national eisteddfod in fishguard , 1936 ) .

He lectured and exhibited and published his photographs in a series of successful books .
he lectured and [showed] and published his photographs in a series of successful books .

Delamotte belonged to that Society and was a member of the Society of Arts , and of the Society of Artists , having exhibited a number of architectural drawings at the Royal Academy .
delamotte belonged to that society and was a member of the society of arts , and of the society of artists , having [showed] a number of architectural drawings at the royal academy .

He exhibited regularly at the Royal Academy between 1837 and 1884 , showing a total of thirty-six pictures .
he [showed] regularly at the royal academy between 1837 and 1884 , showing a total of thirty-six pictures .

He also exhibited seven paintings at the British Institution ( 1841–60 ) and eighty-four ( 1841–69 ) at the Society of British Artists , of which he was elected a member in 1845 , resigning in 1852 in the hope that this would assist his election to associateship of the Royal Academy .
he also [showed] seven paintings at the british institution ( 1841–60 ) and eighty-four ( 1841–69 ) at the society of british artists , of which he was elected a member in 1845 , resigning in 1852 in the hope that this would assist his election to associateship of the royal academy .

He exhibited once at the Grosvenor Gallery and the Liverpool Academy , winning the 1854 prize of £50 for ‘ Nature 's Mirror ’ .
he [showed] once at the grosvenor gallery and the liverpool academy , winning the 1854 prize of £50 for ‘ nature 's mirror ’ .

Chantrell exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1812–14 and in Leeds at the Northern Society for the Encouragement of the Fine Arts from 1822 , and became a fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1836 .
chantrell [showed] at the royal academy in 1812–14 and in leeds at the northern society for the encouragement of the fine arts from 1822 , and became a fellow of the royal institute of british architects in 1836 .

In the next year , he exhibited no less than 221 photographs — mostly portraits — at the Goupil Gallery .
in the next year , he [showed] no less than 221 photographs — mostly portraits — at the goupil gallery .

were artists ; the younger John Harris exhibited at the Royal Academy from time to time between 1810 and 1834 .
were artists ; the younger john harris [showed] at the royal academy from time to time between 1810 and 1834 .

Two of the daughters , Annie and Rose , were painters who exhibited at the Royal Academy between 1887 and 1885 .
two of the daughters , annie and rose , were painters who [showed] at the royal academy between 1887 and 1885 .

He began as an optician 's apprentice , and also exhibited water-colour paintings at the Royal Institution and wrote simple novelettes .
he began as an optician 's apprentice , and also [showed] water-colour paintings at the royal institution and wrote simple novelettes .

He exhibited high intelligence , had an exceptional memory , but was unpopular and solitary because he hated games .
he [showed] high intelligence , had an exceptional memory , but was unpopular and solitary because he hated games .

But , inspired by his mother , an untrained singer who knew hundreds of folk songs , he exhibited instinctive musical gifts from an early age , conducting a group of children when he was ten .
but , inspired by his mother , an untrained singer who knew hundreds of folk songs , he [showed] instinctive musical gifts from an early age , conducting a group of children when he was ten .

Returning to England in December 1772 , he exhibited at the Society of Artists from 1774 to 1778 and his first recorded employment — minor work in London — belongs to this period ; then in 1779–80 he published a volume of Original Designs in Architecture , Consisting of Plans … for Villas , Mansions , Town Houses , which was evidently intended as an advertisement for his talents , and thereafter he developed a modestly successful practice mainly as a country-house architect in the south-east of England .
returning to england in december 1772 , he [showed] at the society of artists from 1774 to 1778 and his first recorded employment — minor work in london — belongs to this period ; then in 1779–80 he published a volume of original designs in architecture , consisting of plans … for villas , mansions , town houses , which was evidently intended as an advertisement for his talents , and thereafter he developed a modestly successful practice mainly as a country-house architect in the south-east of england .

These systems interacted with the motor drive such that the ‘ animals ’ exhibited ‘ behaviour ’ , finding their way round obstacles , for example .
these systems interacted with the motor drive such that the ‘ animals ’ [showed] ‘ behaviour ’ , finding their way round obstacles , for example .

His ‘ Feast of Nebi Musa ’ , showing a Muslim public procession near Jericho , was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1938 .
his ‘ feast of nebi musa ’ , showing a muslim public procession near jericho , was [showed] at the royal academy in 1938 .

As a very young woman she cherished ‘ exquisite sensibility ’ and exhibited ‘ a restless melancholy ’ .
as a very young woman she cherished ‘ exquisite sensibility ’ and [showed] ‘ a restless melancholy ’ .

, studied at the Royal Academy Schools , and exhibited student 's work at the Royal Academy from 1808 to 1810 .
, studied at the royal academy schools , and [showed] student 's work at the royal academy from 1808 to 1810 .

Returning to Shrewsbury to join his father in the family business , he exhibited at the Liverpool Academy from 1812 to 1814 and in the latter year became involved in an ambitious public project in the town , the erection of a monumental column in honour of the first Viscount Hill [ q.v . ]
returning to shrewsbury to join his father in the family business , he [showed] at the liverpool academy from 1812 to 1814 and in the latter year became involved in an ambitious public project in the town , the erection of a monumental column in honour of the first viscount hill [ q.v . ]

She frequently exhibited embroideries and jewellery and contributed technical essays for the society 's exhibition catalogues of 1889 and 1890 .
she frequently [showed] embroideries and jewellery and contributed technical essays for the society 's exhibition catalogues of 1889 and 1890 .

, in Wallis 's painting ‘ Chatterton ’ ( Tate Gallery ) which was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1856 .
, in wallis 's painting ‘ chatterton ’ ( tate gallery ) which was [showed] at the royal academy in 1856 .

‘ The Stonebreaker ’ , exhibited in 1858 , consolidated Wallis 's reputation as a true Pre-Raphaelite .
‘ the stonebreaker ’ , [showed] in 1858 , consolidated wallis 's reputation as a true pre-raphaelite .

He also exhibited with the Old Water Colour Society , of which he became a member in 1880 .
he also [showed] with the old water colour society , of which he became a member in 1880 .

The quality of his paper is confirmed by the fact that he exhibited , and won some dozen prize medals at international exhibitions from 1851 onwards , though not at the more parochial trade shows .
the quality of his paper is confirmed by the fact that he [showed] , and won some dozen prize medals at international exhibitions from 1851 onwards , though not at the more parochial trade shows .

In addition to his architectural and archaeological activities , he was also an accomplished artist , and frequently exhibited at the Royal Academy .
in addition to his architectural and archaeological activities , he was also an accomplished artist , and frequently [showed] at the royal academy .

Sisley was an Impressionist painter and exhibited in five of the eight Impressionist exhibitions held at irregular intervals between 1874 and 1886 .
sisley was an impressionist painter and [showed] in five of the eight impressionist exhibitions held at irregular intervals between 1874 and 1886 .

In the years following 1868 she had several landscapes and religious pictures exhibited at the Royal Academy .
in the years following 1868 she had several landscapes and religious pictures [showed] at the royal academy .

He exhibited occasionally at the Royal Academy and became a fellow of the Royal Institute of British Architects ‘ at a very early period of [ the ] Institution ’ .
he [showed] occasionally at the royal academy and became a fellow of the royal institute of british architects ‘ at a very early period of [ the ] institution ’ .

Having exhibited five works as a founder-member of the London Group , including a frenetic and impressively organized canvas called ‘ In the Hold ’ ( 1913–14 , Tate Gallery ) , he asserted his independence from Wyndham Lewis 's newly-formed Vorticist group .
having [showed] five works as a founder-member of the london group , including a frenetic and impressively organized canvas called ‘ in the hold ’ ( 1913–14 , tate gallery ) , he asserted his independence from wyndham lewis 's newly-formed vorticist group .

In 1915 he exhibited six works in the ‘ invited to show ’ non-members ' section of the first Vorticist exhibition , held at the Doré Galleries in London .
in 1915 he [showed] six works in the ‘ invited to show ’ non-members ' section of the first vorticist exhibition , held at the doré galleries in london .

His steam engine was awarded a prize of £100 by the Aeronautical Society for having the greatest power-to-weight ratio of all the fifteen engines exhibited , but unfortunately the triplane could never be tested in the still-air conditions to which it was suited , and so never proved itself to be , if indeed it was , a practical flying machine .
his steam engine was awarded a prize of £100 by the aeronautical society for having the greatest power-to-weight ratio of all the fifteen engines [showed] , but unfortunately the triplane could never be tested in the still-air conditions to which it was suited , and so never proved itself to be , if indeed it was , a practical flying machine .

He provided quixotic endpapers for his own first editions , which later became collectors ' items , and his paintings , in oils , water-colours , and pencil , crayon , and gouache , were exhibited in the 1940s at the Leicester Galleries .
he provided quixotic endpapers for his own first editions , which later became collectors ' items , and his paintings , in oils , water-colours , and pencil , crayon , and gouache , were [showed] in the 1940s at the leicester galleries .

For two years he was exhibited in fairgrounds , and it was while he was on display in an empty shop in Whitechapel Road , London , opposite the London Hospital , that Treves first saw him .
for two years he was [showed] in fairgrounds , and it was while he was on display in an empty shop in whitechapel road , london , opposite the london hospital , that treves first saw him .

The difference between these two uses of syndromes becomes clear if one considers the following situation : suppose , after years of finding that , every time a patient exhibits symptom x , symptoms y and z are also exhibited , a patient comes along who has symptom x but not symptom y .
the difference between these two uses of syndromes becomes clear if one considers the following situation : suppose , after years of finding that , every time a patient exhibits symptom x , symptoms y and z are also [showed] , a patient comes along who has symptom x but not symptom y .

The pattern of symptoms exhibited in Wernicke 's aphasia is in many respects exactly the opposite of that shown in Broca 's aphasia . Here is how a patient with Wernicke 's aphasia gave an account of what is going on in Figure 15 ( Funnell , 1983 ) :
the pattern of symptoms [showed] in wernicke 's aphasia is in many respects exactly the opposite of that shown in broca 's aphasia . here is how a patient with wernicke 's aphasia gave an account of what is going on in figure 15 ( funnell , 1983 ) :

Traditionally , local government exhibited one of the dysfunctions of bureaucracy mentioned in Chapter 3 — that it was run on departmental lines with departments such as housing , education and public works providing services in isolation from each other .
traditionally , local government [showed] one of the dysfunctions of bureaucracy mentioned in chapter 3 — that it was run on departmental lines with departments such as housing , education and public works providing services in isolation from each other .

They influence not only the way the audience receives cultural texts , but also what gets exhibited in museums , the paintings we see in books and magazines and on television , and what gets taught in the art schools .
they influence not only the way the audience receives cultural texts , but also what gets [showed] in museums , the paintings we see in books and magazines and on television , and what gets taught in the art schools .

In 1863 , Manet 's Déjeuner sur l'herbe was rejected at the annual Salon only to be exhibited at the Salon des Refusés .
in 1863 , manet 's déjeuner sur l'herbe was rejected at the annual salon only to be [showed] at the salon des refusés .

The Kaiser and von Werner disagreed ; only mainstream artists were exhibited in St Louis ; and von Tschudi was replaced at the National Gallery by the ubiquitous Von Werner .
the kaiser and von werner disagreed ; only mainstream artists were [showed] in st louis ; and von tschudi was replaced at the national gallery by the ubiquitous von werner .

In 1899 the Secession held their first ( as an alternative to the Salon ) exhibition ; here no foreign painters were exhibited , but at the same time neither were the didactic and patriotic paintings typical of the Salon .
in 1899 the secession held their first ( as an alternative to the salon ) exhibition ; here no foreign painters were [showed] , but at the same time neither were the didactic and patriotic paintings typical of the salon .

Cassirer 's gallery exhibited avant-garde art as early as 1895 .
cassirer 's gallery [showed] avant-garde art as early as 1895 .

Most of the houses exhibited ‘ No Vacancy ’ signs — not because they were full but because they did not want to be bothered by the stray dogs of winter .
most of the houses [showed] ‘ no vacancy ’ signs — not because they were full but because they did not want to be bothered by the stray dogs of winter .

He clenched his fist and exhibited his bulging biceps .
he clenched his fist and [showed] his bulging biceps .

The Highways Department is not a building — it is a collection of people who as a team ( or some would say various teams ) have exhibited innovation and ingenuity .
the highways department is not a building — it is a collection of people who as a team ( or some would say various teams ) have [showed] innovation and ingenuity .

However , the vast majority of cases in which samples are exhibited are , in any case , likely to be sales by description .
however , the vast majority of cases in which samples are [showed] are , in any case , likely to be sales by description .

Well , that just proved what a lot of mumbo-jumbo it all was , because the last thing that had happened had been that Luke infuriating Calder had exhibited any signs of being attracted to her … and vice versa !
well , that just proved what a lot of mumbo-jumbo it all was , because the last thing that had happened had been that luke infuriating calder had [showed] any signs of being attracted to her … and vice versa !

Despite some unavoidable differences between the theoretical and actual pendulums , the phenomena exhibited by them show good correspondence .
despite some unavoidable differences between the theoretical and actual pendulums , the phenomena [showed] by them show good correspondence .

But , although her work is exhibited widely in the States today , she was only really ‘ rediscovered ’ there in 1970 with the retrospective exhibition at the Whitney .
but , although her work is [showed] widely in the states today , she was only really ‘ rediscovered ’ there in 1970 with the retrospective exhibition at the whitney .

15 She had good reason to suspect that it would , for long before the 1924 show opened , she had decided to try to convince the critics to change their ideas about her work by changing the nature of what she exhibited .
15 she had good reason to suspect that it would , for long before the 1924 show opened , she had decided to try to convince the critics to change their ideas about her work by changing the nature of what she [showed] .

Georgia O'Keeffe ( sic ) , who exhibited very worthwhile things last year , shows a few good flower studies , notably a fine one of calla lilies , but the rest of her show might be termed a flop both in colour and design .
georgia o'keeffe ( sic ) , who [showed] very worthwhile things last year , shows a few good flower studies , notably a fine one of calla lilies , but the rest of her show might be termed a flop both in colour and design .

Most of the works exhibited and Out of the Frame remains safely within it , both conceptually and literally .
most of the works [showed] and out of the frame remains safely within it , both conceptually and literally .

The relief exhibited by the highest mountains and the deepest oceanic trenches , although apparently spectacular , is in fact trivial when compared with the dimensions of the Earth as a whole .
the relief [showed] by the highest mountains and the deepest oceanic trenches , although apparently spectacular , is in fact trivial when compared with the dimensions of the earth as a whole .

Thus the medical reports on which the plaintiff intends to rely must be exhibited .
thus the medical reports on which the plaintiff intends to rely must be [showed] .

Although more oriented toward an empirical approach , the United States has exhibited some elements of the rationalist .
although more oriented toward an empirical approach , the united states has [showed] some elements of the rationalist .

Bruce 's forces were defeated first in Methven wood by the English , and then beside Loch Tay by Comyn 's uncle , the Lord of Lorn The king 's sister and the Countess of Buchan who had crowned him were dragged out of sanctuary where they had been sent for safety , and exhibited in cages hanging from castle walls at Roxburgh and Berwick .
bruce 's forces were defeated first in methven wood by the english , and then beside loch tay by comyn 's uncle , the lord of lorn the king 's sister and the countess of buchan who had crowned him were dragged out of sanctuary where they had been sent for safety , and [showed] in cages hanging from castle walls at roxburgh and berwick .

At the Great Exhibition of 1851 in the Crystal Palace , eleven Galashiels firms exhibited woollen worsteds over a hanging space of 2,000 feet .
at the great exhibition of 1851 in the crystal palace , eleven galashiels firms [showed] woollen worsteds over a hanging space of 2,000 feet .

The animal life in Wales including mammals , birds and fish , is exhibited in presenting the whole animal kingdom . Conservation of animals alongside the factors that cause a decline in animal populations are highlighted
the animal life in wales including mammals , birds and fish , is [showed] in presenting the whole animal kingdom . conservation of animals alongside the factors that cause a decline in animal populations are highlighted

Portrait miniatures and Continental applied art of the period also exhibited here .
portrait miniatures and continental applied art of the period also [showed] here .

He , too , suffered from an occasional enlightening vision which came to him from the dim past and which he must have suppressed at the time … The extraordinary array of chains and fetters , manacles and shackles exhibited by Birmingham for export to America 's slave states , for instance … Why had he not thought more about such exhibits ?
he , too , suffered from an occasional enlightening vision which came to him from the dim past and which he must have suppressed at the time … the extraordinary array of chains and fetters , manacles and shackles [showed] by birmingham for export to america 's slave states , for instance … why had he not thought more about such exhibits ?

Trehub and Abramovitch ( 1978 ) showed that three- and four-year-olds exhibited a similar preference when simply asked to choose between two piles of different sizes : they preferred the larger one .
trehub and abramovitch ( 1978 ) showed that three- and four-year-olds [showed] a similar preference when simply asked to choose between two piles of different sizes : they preferred the larger one .

Also , and in sharp contrast with his attitude during the General Strike , he exhibited considerable sympathy for the miners .
also , and in sharp contrast with his attitude during the general strike , he [showed] considerable sympathy for the miners .

Furthermore , English studies , as an aesthetic discipline which channelled access to the writer 's experience as an artist , seemed to offer a spectacle of the ineffable in which value that was at once human , English , and literary simply exhibited itself prior to any rational explanation .
furthermore , english studies , as an aesthetic discipline which channelled access to the writer 's experience as an artist , seemed to offer a spectacle of the ineffable in which value that was at once human , english , and literary simply [showed] itself prior to any rational explanation .

Elsewhere , Morley commends those critical qualities of sanity and reasonableness which , without recourse to any `` fireworks or display `` , ensure that `` the unbroken line of development in English literature is … convincingly exhibited to the unbeliever .
elsewhere , morley commends those critical qualities of sanity and reasonableness which , without recourse to any `` fireworks or display `` , ensure that `` the unbroken line of development in english literature is … convincingly [showed] to the unbeliever .

The degree of `` humanity `` to be attributed to professional colleagues is closely linked to the `` taste and tact `` exhibited in their scholarship .
the degree of `` humanity `` to be attributed to professional colleagues is closely linked to the `` taste and tact `` [showed] in their scholarship .

The new English also exhibited a considerable excess of ontological security when compared with the anxieties raised for pre-war English by the spectres of cynicism and ambiguity .
the new english also [showed] a considerable excess of ontological security when compared with the anxieties raised for pre-war english by the spectres of cynicism and ambiguity .

Does all the art of reformers , activists and militants that we see exhibited in luxurious international galleries help prevent racial and ethnic conflicts ? Does aesthetic art and mystical art and contemplative art offer alternatives to the horror and humiliation in which three-quarters of mankind lives ?
does all the art of reformers , activists and militants that we see [showed] in luxurious international galleries help prevent racial and ethnic conflicts ? does aesthetic art and mystical art and contemplative art offer alternatives to the horror and humiliation in which three-quarters of mankind lives ?

The picture was subsequently exhibited at the National Gallery on a two-year loan basis .
the picture was subsequently [showed] at the national gallery on a two-year loan basis .

After being exhibited in front of the European Pavilion in Seville at Expo ‘ 92 , it will eventually be located in the European Parliament in Strasbourg .
after being [showed] in front of the european pavilion in seville at expo ‘ 92 , it will eventually be located in the european parliament in strasbourg .

Until now , the museum has exhibited only 900 of the 32,000 works it actually owns , though 17,000 of these are drawings , videos and photographs which do not really qualify for permanent showing .
until now , the museum has [showed] only 900 of the 32,000 works it actually owns , though 17,000 of these are drawings , videos and photographs which do not really qualify for permanent showing .

His production was sporadic and almost secretive , and only one work ( the exceptional ‘ Little dancer aged fourteen ’ ) was exhibited in the artist 's lifetime .
his production was sporadic and almost secretive , and only one work ( the exceptional ‘ little dancer aged fourteen ’ ) was [showed] in the artist 's lifetime .

When this picture , which belonged to Saatchi , was exhibited with other works from the same series at Gagosian 's gallery in 1990 , it would have been valued at $ 3.5 million .
when this picture , which belonged to saatchi , was [showed] with other works from the same series at gagosian 's gallery in 1990 , it would have been valued at $ 3.5 million .

In the field of arms and armour , several exceptional seventeenth-century sporting rifles and two exquisite sets of nineteenth-century duelling pistols will also be exhibited .
in the field of arms and armour , several exceptional seventeenth-century sporting rifles and two exquisite sets of nineteenth-century duelling pistols will also be [showed] .

If the past owner was a famous collector or a museum ( the latter the case for the late Ming lacquer altar table which we are displaying , from the Art Institute of Chicago ) or the work of art was exhibited at a museum ( as is the case for the T'ang torso , formerly in the collection of Lawrence Sickman and shown at the Nelson-Atkins Museum , Kansas City for years ) , this would add to its interest in the eyes of subsequent collectors .
if the past owner was a famous collector or a museum ( the latter the case for the late ming lacquer altar table which we are displaying , from the art institute of chicago ) or the work of art was [showed] at a museum ( as is the case for the t'ang torso , formerly in the collection of lawrence sickman and shown at the nelson-atkins museum , kansas city for years ) , this would add to its interest in the eyes of subsequent collectors .

At Galerie Berndt , thirteen works on paper and two objects by Meret Oppenheim are exhibited from early June until the end of July .
at galerie berndt , thirteen works on paper and two objects by meret oppenheim are [showed] from early june until the end of july .

The top lot among the paintings is likely to be Van Gogh 's ‘ Blossoming almond branch in a glass ’ , which was executed at Arles in the spring of 1888 and was last exhibited in Zurich in 1924 .
the top lot among the paintings is likely to be van gogh 's ‘ blossoming almond branch in a glass ’ , which was executed at arles in the spring of 1888 and was last [showed] in zurich in 1924 .

With special reference to the material being exhibited at Beaubourg and even more so at the Jeu de Paume , the authoritative journal Esprit entitled one of its issues earlier this year ‘ The crisis in contemporary art ’ , denouncing the fraudulent behaviour of Duchamp 's grandchildren and the flood of historicism that has swamped art criticism .
with special reference to the material being [showed] at beaubourg and even more so at the jeu de paume , the authoritative journal esprit entitled one of its issues earlier this year ‘ the crisis in contemporary art ’ , denouncing the fraudulent behaviour of duchamp 's grandchildren and the flood of historicism that has swamped art criticism .

Three rooms are devoted to Rivera , Orozco and Siqueiros and their mural painting , but only sketches , preliminary drawings and a few scaled-down paintings will be exhibited , since their monumental frescos can be viewed only in situ .
three rooms are devoted to rivera , orozco and siqueiros and their mural painting , but only sketches , preliminary drawings and a few scaled-down paintings will be [showed] , since their monumental frescos can be viewed only in situ .

It was last exhibited in 1945 at the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam and was sold to its present owner , private French collector Jacques Walter , in 1954 by Wildenstein of New York who bought it from the collection of Mrs Alice Kurtz .
it was last [showed] in 1945 at the stedelijk museum in amsterdam and was sold to its present owner , private french collector jacques walter , in 1954 by wildenstein of new york who bought it from the collection of mrs alice kurtz .

In Dering Street , Anthony d'Offay shows the four large abstract pictures which Elsworth Kelly exhibited at this year 's Documenta ( to 20 November ) , with an exhibition of an important new group of works by Gilbert & George opening at the end of the month ( 26 November-29 January 1993 ) .
in dering street , anthony d'offay shows the four large abstract pictures which elsworth kelly [showed] at this year 's documenta ( to 20 november ) , with an exhibition of an important new group of works by gilbert & george opening at the end of the month ( 26 november-29 january 1993 ) .

Since the early Eighties the gallery 's emphasis has narrowed to younger German artists , particularly sculptors including Ingrid Roscheck , Manfred Müller ( who makes geometric wall-reliefs of cardboard and paper ) , Josef Wolf ( a Cologne sculptor who creates configurations of standing stones from stones found in the Eifel ) , Rune Mields ( whose black-and-white acrylic paintings incorporate hieroglyphics , Islamic decoration , and invented systems of numbers , handwriting , and typography ) , and Frank Dornseif , ( whose three-dimensional ‘ drawings ’ , made of the thick iron wire used in building construction , were exhibited this October ) .
since the early eighties the gallery 's emphasis has narrowed to younger german artists , particularly sculptors including ingrid roscheck , manfred müller ( who makes geometric wall-reliefs of cardboard and paper ) , josef wolf ( a cologne sculptor who creates configurations of standing stones from stones found in the eifel ) , rune mields ( whose black-and-white acrylic paintings incorporate hieroglyphics , islamic decoration , and invented systems of numbers , handwriting , and typography ) , and frank dornseif , ( whose three-dimensional ‘ drawings ’ , made of the thick iron wire used in building construction , were [showed] this october ) .

Prince Jan Lubomirski , who managed to buy his castle of Kruszyna back from the local council for a symbolic zloty ( they refused Barbara Johnson 's offer of millions in a fine gesture of patriarchal loyalty ) , can not get the Lodz Museum to return the set of family portraits removed from it , even though none of them has ever been exhibited since being confiscated .
prince jan lubomirski , who managed to buy his castle of kruszyna back from the local council for a symbolic zloty ( they refused barbara johnson 's offer of millions in a fine gesture of patriarchal loyalty ) , can not get the lodz museum to return the set of family portraits removed from it , even though none of them has ever been [showed] since being confiscated .

What matters are the collections , and they remain as poorly exhibited as ever .
what matters are the collections , and they remain as poorly [showed] as ever .

Désiré Feurle , who studied Decorative Arts at Sotheby 's London and worked at Sotheby 's New York has , since opening his gallery in November 1990 , exhibited works by contemporary artists such as Gilbert and George , Julian Schnabel , Alexander von Schlieffen and Anish Kapoor in conjunction with historical works of decorative art .
désiré feurle , who studied decorative arts at sotheby 's london and worked at sotheby 's new york has , since opening his gallery in november 1990 , [showed] works by contemporary artists such as gilbert and george , julian schnabel , alexander von schlieffen and anish kapoor in conjunction with historical works of decorative art .

The gallery has secured a newly discovered and never before exhibited example from that group ‘ Sunset at Petworth House ’ and has placed it among examples by other artists from Richard Dadd to Lucian Freud in a show called ‘ British Watercolors ’ , on from 5 May to 5 June .
the gallery has secured a newly discovered and never before [showed] example from that group ‘ sunset at petworth house ’ and has placed it among examples by other artists from richard dadd to lucian freud in a show called ‘ british watercolors ’ , on from 5 may to 5 june .

Of the sculptures exhibited in Brussels , the most important and the biggest is ‘ Bâteau zoologique ’ , which the artist has personally retouched and installed on site to obtain a particular emphasis .
of the sculptures [showed] in brussels , the most important and the biggest is ‘ bâteau zoologique ’ , which the artist has personally retouched and installed on site to obtain a particular emphasis .

He exhibited his work across Europe before settling in Paris and founding the Ermitage studio for printmakers with Albert Flocon .
he [showed] his work across europe before settling in paris and founding the ermitage studio for printmakers with albert flocon .

Therefore , the paintings shall be free to be exhibited abroad if so decided by the competent body of the Foundation .
therefore , the paintings shall be free to be [showed] abroad if so decided by the competent body of the foundation .

Altogether around 150 paintings , eighty drawings and some 180 prints will be exhibited .
altogether around 150 paintings , eighty drawings and some 180 prints will be [showed] .

They will now be exhibited in a series of large display cases arranged around the seven circular balconies on the fourth floor .
they will now be [showed] in a series of large display cases arranged around the seven circular balconies on the fourth floor .

One student , responding to allegations of the Mayor of Washington 's homosexuality , exhibited a portrait of Chicago 's first ever black mayor in women 's lingerie and day-glo colours at the School 's degree show , which was promptly raided by council officials with police support .
one student , responding to allegations of the mayor of washington 's homosexuality , [showed] a portrait of chicago 's first ever black mayor in women 's lingerie and day-glo colours at the school 's degree show , which was promptly raided by council officials with police support .

Notwithstanding these restrictions , Basque officials are confident that the quality of the art works that will be transferred to Bilbao will be guaranteed by clauses in the agreement , and by the fact that , due to a lack of space in the New York Museum , only about one-seventh of the total Solomon Guggenheim collection can ever be exhibited there at any one time .
notwithstanding these restrictions , basque officials are confident that the quality of the art works that will be transferred to bilbao will be guaranteed by clauses in the agreement , and by the fact that , due to a lack of space in the new york museum , only about one-seventh of the total solomon guggenheim collection can ever be [showed] there at any one time .

The Henderson Collection will be exhibited there from 12 December 1992–22 February 1993 , accompanied by a modest catalogue with an overview of Korean ceramics , illustrated with Henderson objects .
the henderson collection will be [showed] there from 12 december 1992–22 february 1993 , accompanied by a modest catalogue with an overview of korean ceramics , illustrated with henderson objects .

The second part , which comes right up to the 1980s , will be international in character and recently acquired works by Fontana , Schnabel , Newman , Kelly , Gordillo and Navarro will be exhibited .
the second part , which comes right up to the 1980s , will be international in character and recently acquired works by fontana , schnabel , newman , kelly , gordillo and navarro will be [showed] .

The permanent collection will be exhibited on the second floor of the Museum and its opening will come during the year when Madrid has been selected as the Cultural Capital of Europe .
the permanent collection will be [showed] on the second floor of the museum and its opening will come during the year when madrid has been selected as the cultural capital of europe .

The principle was confirmed at the Eighth Congress of the International Association of the Arts held in Baghdad in 1976 : ‘ Works by living artists exhibited in or on public buildings , galleries , museums and other public sites and which continue thereby to provide a service to the public should be subject to a continuing form of remuneration to their creator ( comparable to performing rights for theatrical or musical works paid to author and composer ) so long as he or she is alive and the work continues to be a public amenity ’ .
the principle was confirmed at the eighth congress of the international association of the arts held in baghdad in 1976 : ‘ works by living artists [showed] in or on public buildings , galleries , museums and other public sites and which continue thereby to provide a service to the public should be subject to a continuing form of remuneration to their creator ( comparable to performing rights for theatrical or musical works paid to author and composer ) so long as he or she is alive and the work continues to be a public amenity ’ .

Among the pictures are the only known independent self-portrait of the artist , the wonderful Suida-Manning ‘ Repentant Magdalene ’ , on loan to the Metropolitan in the mid 1970s and not publicly seen since , the ‘ John the Baptist visited in prison by Salome ’ , the prime version of a composition of which a later replica by the artist is in the collection of Sir Denis Mahon ( exhibited in London last year ) , and the master 's only known still-life , a ‘ Memento Mori ’ , from Feigen 's private collection .
among the pictures are the only known independent self-portrait of the artist , the wonderful suida-manning ‘ repentant magdalene ’ , on loan to the metropolitan in the mid 1970s and not publicly seen since , the ‘ john the baptist visited in prison by salome ’ , the prime version of a composition of which a later replica by the artist is in the collection of sir denis mahon ( [showed] in london last year ) , and the master 's only known still-life , a ‘ memento mori ’ , from feigen 's private collection .

John Davies has not exhibited in London since 1984 when he converted Marlborough into an arena of circus figures , although the Sainsbury Centre in Norwich mounted a survey in 1985 and he showed in his gallery 's branch in New York in 1989 .
john davies has not [showed] in london since 1984 when he converted marlborough into an arena of circus figures , although the sainsbury centre in norwich mounted a survey in 1985 and he showed in his gallery 's branch in new york in 1989 .

‘ Cruach en Mehr , Matin , Belle Ile en Mer ’ ( oil on canvas , 60.4x73.5cm ) , by John Peter Russell , exhibited at the Salon d'Automne in 1905 , is sure to be the top lot in this sale of Australian pictures .
‘ cruach en mehr , matin , belle ile en mer ’ ( oil on canvas , 60.4x73.5cm ) , by john peter russell , [showed] at the salon d'automne in 1905 , is sure to be the top lot in this sale of australian pictures .

The children were next asked to perform a two-choice discrimination problem — deciding which of two boxes contained a picture sticker — with a model who exhibited ‘ functionless ’ behaviour during the discrimination trials , that is behaviour not related to the stated task-goal ( finding the sticker ) .
the children were next asked to perform a two-choice discrimination problem — deciding which of two boxes contained a picture sticker — with a model who [showed] ‘ functionless ’ behaviour during the discrimination trials , that is behaviour not related to the stated task-goal ( finding the sticker ) .

Hence a cost surface which exhibited both these features everywhere would have a shoehorn-like shape , with the handle at the origin , as in figure 2.5c .
hence a cost surface which [showed] both these features everywhere would have a shoehorn-like shape , with the handle at the origin , as in figure 2.5c .

It may be possible to reduce or even eliminate this effect by ’ filtering ’ the definitions in the manner described earlier , but the pattern is extremely persistent ( almost every word investigated exhibited a descent into generality ) and it is unlikely that the filtering process could substantially alter this trend .
it may be possible to reduce or even eliminate this effect by ’ filtering ’ the definitions in the manner described earlier , but the pattern is extremely persistent ( almost every word investigated [showed] a descent into generality ) and it is unlikely that the filtering process could substantially alter this trend .

However , it is not necessarily the case that these characteristics will be exhibited within other domains .
however , it is not necessarily the case that these characteristics will be [showed] within other domains .

At the rear end of the bodywork was a curved projection ( tambour ) which , when the carriage was originally exhibited , was thought to be a ‘ sword case ’ ; however , it was only accessible from the left hand end , outside the carriage , and was too short for such a purpose .
at the rear end of the bodywork was a curved projection ( tambour ) which , when the carriage was originally [showed] , was thought to be a ‘ sword case ’ ; however , it was only accessible from the left hand end , outside the carriage , and was too short for such a purpose .

" Patrick has never exhibited any interest in girls , " Katherine said quickly .
" patrick has never [showed] any interest in girls , " katherine said quickly .

Here the values of are exhibited at the intersection of the row and the column in the appropriate table .
here the values of are [showed] at the intersection of the row and the column in the appropriate table .

Setae which are particularly stout and rigid are known as bristles and are well exhibited for example in the Tachinidae .
setae which are particularly stout and rigid are known as bristles and are well [showed] for example in the tachinidae .

The thorax is exhibited in a simple form in the Thysanura , in certain more generalized Pterygota and in the larvae of many orders .
the thorax is [showed] in a simple form in the thysanura , in certain more generalized pterygota and in the larvae of many orders .

This modification is particularly well exhibited in the Cerambycidae , Cecidomyidae , Trypetidae , Muscidae and other families .
this modification is particularly well [showed] in the cerambycidae , cecidomyidae , trypetidae , muscidae and other families .

So , even though internalisation does in large measure explain the remarkable degree of conformity exhibited in social life , we have to recognise that there is another reason for this .
so , even though internalisation does in large measure explain the remarkable degree of conformity [showed] in social life , we have to recognise that there is another reason for this .

This is the first ever attempt to reassemble those pictures which Monet painted and exhibited in series , and which have been taken as the epitome of his desire for ‘ instaneity ’ .
this is the first ever attempt to reassemble those pictures which monet painted and [showed] in series , and which have been taken as the epitome of his desire for ‘ instaneity ’ .

We got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the exhibits were a striking exhibit of African violets from Tony Clement 's African Violet Centre , at King 's Lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from Blackmore & Langdon who always win a ‘ Gold ’ at Chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from Thailand ; planted containers shown by Mastergardener of Banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by Jacques Amand of Stanmore ; and a Herb Nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by Caroline Holmes Herbs of Denham , in Suffolk .
we got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the exhibits were a striking exhibit of african violets from tony clement 's african violet centre , at king 's lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from blackmore & langdon who always win a ‘ gold ’ at chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from thailand ; planted containers shown by mastergardener of banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by jacques amand of stanmore ; and a herb nursery of two hundred varieties , [showed] by caroline holmes herbs of denham , in suffolk .

Since many of these problem drug users were known to have taken or be taking more than one drug , they were classified according to a hierarchy of six drug-use categories , in order to simplify the numerous kinds of polydrug use exhibited .
since many of these problem drug users were known to have taken or be taking more than one drug , they were classified according to a hierarchy of six drug-use categories , in order to simplify the numerous kinds of polydrug use [showed] .

Second , this deviation from the general trend was also exhibited to a lesser extent by Bebington ( 9th against 28th ) and West Kirby ( 14th against 28th ) .
second , this deviation from the general trend was also [showed] to a lesser extent by bebington ( 9th against 28th ) and west kirby ( 14th against 28th ) .

Given this shorter period of experimentation with other drugs prior to heroin use , it could be expected that these informants would have exhibited less variety in their pre-heroin polydrug use .
given this shorter period of experimentation with other drugs prior to heroin use , it could be expected that these informants would have [showed] less variety in their pre-heroin polydrug use .

Yet , although the excavations began in 1967 and about half of the paintings have been on exhibition in the National Archaeological Museum in Athens since the early 1970s , the other half have been neither exhibited nor published .
yet , although the excavations began in 1967 and about half of the paintings have been on exhibition in the national archaeological museum in athens since the early 1970s , the other half have been neither [showed] nor published .

This year for the first time oceanic and African tribal art will be exhibited by Elms Lesters Painting Rooms and Savannah Gallery .
this year for the first time oceanic and african tribal art will be [showed] by elms lesters painting rooms and savannah gallery .

His recommendations — which are contained in two handy posters exhibited at every rig site — are slightly different from conventional drilling practices .
his recommendations — which are contained in two handy posters [showed] at every rig site — are slightly different from conventional drilling practices .

For example , the distribution of the labour force between agriculture and industry has always been regarded as an important indicator of economic growth , if not precisely development , because most of the present advanced industrial societies , in particular the United Kingdom and the United States , exhibited a marked tendency to reduce their agricultural labour force while increasing their industrial labour force .
for example , the distribution of the labour force between agriculture and industry has always been regarded as an important indicator of economic growth , if not precisely development , because most of the present advanced industrial societies , in particular the united kingdom and the united states , [showed] a marked tendency to reduce their agricultural labour force while increasing their industrial labour force .

The Figure shows that 25 % of patients with ulcerative colitis exhibited low grade dysplasia on at least occasion by 17 years after diagnosis of ulcerative colitis , 50 % by 25 years , and 75 % by 38 years .
the figure shows that 25 % of patients with ulcerative colitis [showed] low grade dysplasia on at least occasion by 17 years after diagnosis of ulcerative colitis , 50 % by 25 years , and 75 % by 38 years .

Conversely , most ( 79 % ) of the patients referred with dumping and diarrhoea exhibited abnormally rapid emptying .
conversely , most ( 79 % ) of the patients referred with dumping and diarrhoea [showed] abnormally rapid emptying .

The effect of eradication in this study was variable , however , as some patients exhibited appreciable rises in juice vitamin concentrations whereas others showed little change .
the effect of eradication in this study was variable , however , as some patients [showed] appreciable rises in juice vitamin concentrations whereas others showed little change .

All groups exhibited higher damage scores than those observed in the adaptive cytoprotection experiments shown in Figure 5 ( p < 0.05 ) .
all groups [showed] higher damage scores than those observed in the adaptive cytoprotection experiments shown in figure 5 ( p < 0.05 ) .

The intestine exhibited obvious macroscopic signs of inflammation ( oedema and hyperaemia ) on days 6–9 after nematode inoculation .
the intestine [showed] obvious macroscopic signs of inflammation ( oedema and hyperaemia ) on days 6–9 after nematode inoculation .

Mrs Tate has a contract with the Ismay Gorton Gallery covering all works that were not exhibited before my father 's death .
mrs tate has a contract with the ismay gorton gallery covering all works that were not [showed] before my father 's death .

‘ Are there other pictures by your husband which have not yet been exhibited ? ’
‘ are there other pictures by your husband which have not yet been [showed] ? ’

The concrete plinth exhibited similar stoicism , having withstood the best that several generations of secondary schoolboys could formulate and explode against it .
the concrete plinth [showed] similar stoicism , having withstood the best that several generations of secondary schoolboys could formulate and explode against it .

Polgar exhibited a number of star turns .
polgar [showed] a number of star turns .

They have no great regard for Pakistan 's military prowess as exhibited in its three wars with India .
they have no great regard for pakistan 's military prowess as [showed] in its three wars with india .

Margery followed her own adaptation of the tradition of the mulieres sanctae and Rolle was a hermit ; each exhibited extraordinary qualities within his or her role .
margery followed her own adaptation of the tradition of the mulieres sanctae and rolle was a hermit ; each [showed] extraordinary qualities within his or her role .

Furthermore this mythological-cosmological justification of the ordering of the prevailing social system is recurrently exhibited in `` rituals `` of various kinds .
furthermore this mythological-cosmological justification of the ordering of the prevailing social system is recurrently [showed] in `` rituals `` of various kinds .

Large numbers of inventories of household goods and chattels were exhibited in many probate courts in the sixteenth to eighteenth centuries and are preserved in local record offices throughout England and Wales .
large numbers of inventories of household goods and chattels were [showed] in many probate courts in the sixteenth to eighteenth centuries and are preserved in local record offices throughout england and wales .

This project aims to provide an historical survey of the attitudes towards new productive techniques exhibited by British businessmen from , approximately , the industrial revolution to the onset of recovery after the Second World War .
this project aims to provide an historical survey of the attitudes towards new productive techniques [showed] by british businessmen from , approximately , the industrial revolution to the onset of recovery after the second world war .

Throughout its post-war history Yugoslavia has exhibited a strong tendency to serious Balance of Payments deficit .
throughout its post-war history yugoslavia has [showed] a strong tendency to serious balance of payments deficit .

Weaners remained in strong demand reaching 174p per kilo for a prime batch exhibited by an Aghalee farmer ( 10k £17.40 ) .
weaners remained in strong demand reaching 174p per kilo for a prime batch [showed] by an aghalee farmer ( 10k £17.40 ) .

Lightweight stores sold easily to a top of £27.60 for Duroc crosses exhibited by a Loughgall farmer ( 20k 138p per kilo ) .
lightweight stores sold easily to a top of £27.60 for duroc crosses [showed] by a loughgall farmer ( 20k 138p per kilo ) .

‘ We might as well not be here , ’ Luke murmured , as their guests constantly referred to the information sheets and argued amicably about the exhibited memorabilia .
‘ we might as well not be here , ’ luke murmured , as their guests constantly referred to the information sheets and argued amicably about the [showed] memorabilia .

‘ This is probably the first time a lot of these artists have exhibited their work and it made our job even harder having to eliminate pieces to decide on the final winners .
‘ this is probably the first time a lot of these artists have [showed] their work and it made our job even harder having to eliminate pieces to decide on the final winners .

This is of interest for art historians who like to know lots of details of when and by whom a painting was commissioned and painted , how much it cost , who was buying this kind of work , where was it being exhibited .
this is of interest for art historians who like to know lots of details of when and by whom a painting was commissioned and painted , how much it cost , who was buying this kind of work , where was it being [showed] .

In 1987 he exhibited a sequence of paintings and drawings with structural elements in common ( heads and shoulders as Packer defines them ) but with considerable internal variations .
in 1987 he [showed] a sequence of paintings and drawings with structural elements in common ( heads and shoulders as packer defines them ) but with considerable internal variations .

Liliane Lijn 's first Poem Machines were made in Paris in 1962 and exhibited the next year at the beatnik headquarters of La Librairie Anglaise .
liliane lijn 's first poem machines were made in paris in 1962 and [showed] the next year at the beatnik headquarters of la librairie anglaise .

The early work on viscoelasticity was performed on silk , rubber , and glass , and it was concluded that these materials exhibited a ‘ delayed elasticity ’ manifest in the observation , that the imposition of a stress resulted in an instantaneous strain which continued to increase more slowly , with time . It is this delay between cause and effect that is fundamental to the observed viscoelastic response and the three major examples of this hysteresis effect are
the early work on viscoelasticity was performed on silk , rubber , and glass , and it was concluded that these materials [showed] a ‘ delayed elasticity ’ manifest in the observation , that the imposition of a stress resulted in an instantaneous strain which continued to increase more slowly , with time . it is this delay between cause and effect that is fundamental to the observed viscoelastic response and the three major examples of this hysteresis effect are

In a fit of feverish activity Gould proceeded to publish a series of lectures and papers as quickly as he could possibly produce them ; on 25 August he exhibited and named at the Zoological Society six new species of kangaroo and presented his information on the bowerbirds ; on 8 September he read a paper at a scientific meeting on the extraordinary brush turkey , or Alectura , among a selection of others ; on 13 October he gave an account of the Ocellated leipoa ; on 10 November he exhibited at the Society 50 of his new Australian birds , which he characterised in subsequent meetings ; and so on , until he had presented all his new trophies from both the bird and animal kingdoms to the awestruck Zoological members .
in a fit of feverish activity gould proceeded to publish a series of lectures and papers as quickly as he could possibly produce them ; on 25 august he [showed] and named at the zoological society six new species of kangaroo and presented his information on the bowerbirds ; on 8 september he read a paper at a scientific meeting on the extraordinary brush turkey , or alectura , among a selection of others ; on 13 october he gave an account of the ocellated leipoa ; on 10 november he [showed] at the society 50 of his new australian birds , which he characterised in subsequent meetings ; and so on , until he had presented all his new trophies from both the bird and animal kingdoms to the awestruck zoological members .

It was impossible for me to visit The Key Gallery , Glasgow where her work was exhibited from 15th to 30th May .
it was impossible for me to visit the key gallery , glasgow where her work was [showed] from 15th to 30th may .

This is a fairly new Gallery , Glasgow where her work was exhibited from 15th to 30th May .
this is a fairly new gallery , glasgow where her work was [showed] from 15th to 30th may .

It was only when she exhibited her portraits in a boardroom that the medical staff actually saw what she was doing and she finally felt accepted .
it was only when she [showed] her portraits in a boardroom that the medical staff actually saw what she was doing and she finally felt accepted .

Grain continued to be next in importance and exhibited a very different pattern in linking very many small despatching ports to a handful of receiving ones like Liverpool , Bristol , Hull , Newcastle and , of course , London .
grain continued to be next in importance and [showed] a very different pattern in linking very many small despatching ports to a handful of receiving ones like liverpool , bristol , hull , newcastle and , of course , london .

‘ Memphis ’ is the name of the design partnership set up by the Italian designer Ettore Sottsass in 1981 when he exhibited the furniture which has now become pseudonymous with this name at the Italian Furniture Fair .
‘ memphis ’ is the name of the design partnership set up by the italian designer ettore sottsass in 1981 when he [showed] the furniture which has now become pseudonymous with this name at the italian furniture fair .

We saw the anniversary of the Rainhill trials , with the large range of locomotives exhibited there , and runs by the classic locomotives that have survived into preservation , many of them on the Marches line .
we saw the anniversary of the rainhill trials , with the large range of locomotives [showed] there , and runs by the classic locomotives that have survived into preservation , many of them on the marches line .

But nearly all its distinctive features may be exhibited in a place where population and wealth are both growing , provided they are growing at about the same rate , and there is no scarcity of land : and provided also the methods of production and the conditions of trade change but little ; and above all , where the character of man himself is a constant quantity .
but nearly all its distinctive features may be [showed] in a place where population and wealth are both growing , provided they are growing at about the same rate , and there is no scarcity of land : and provided also the methods of production and the conditions of trade change but little ; and above all , where the character of man himself is a constant quantity .

Acting styles changed too , as did the plays in which they were exhibited .
acting styles changed too , as did the plays in which they were [showed] .

The property of single-peakedness exhibited by the first model has been shown ( Black , 1948 ) to ensure existence of a voting equilibrium .
the property of single-peakedness [showed] by the first model has been shown ( black , 1948 ) to ensure existence of a voting equilibrium .

( 1984 ) found that the cross-section benefit elasticities as estimated from the Family Expenditure Survey data for 1972–7 exhibited considerable variability depending on how the relevant income variables were constructed .
( 1984 ) found that the cross-section benefit elasticities as estimated from the family expenditure survey data for 1972–7 [showed] considerable variability depending on how the relevant income variables were constructed .

The behaviour at a sequential equilibrium of our reputation-type game differs in two ways from the process of reputation building and sudden destruction exhibited in Kreps and Wilson ( 1982 ) , Milgrom and Roberts ( 1982a , 1982b ) , Backus and Driffill ( 1985 ) .
the behaviour at a sequential equilibrium of our reputation-type game differs in two ways from the process of reputation building and sudden destruction [showed] in kreps and wilson ( 1982 ) , milgrom and roberts ( 1982a , 1982b ) , backus and driffill ( 1985 ) .

Early work by Rosin & rammler ( 1934 ) revealed that crushed coal exhibited regular grain size characteristics controlled by natural fracture patterns of the material .
early work by rosin & rammler ( 1934 ) revealed that crushed coal [showed] regular grain size characteristics controlled by natural fracture patterns of the material .

He works from a small workshop at his home in Blackpool and recently he exhibited at a craft fair in the resort , posing for our photographer with a collection of his work .
he works from a small workshop at his home in blackpool and recently he [showed] at a craft fair in the resort , posing for our photographer with a collection of his work .

This exhibited in an outward and visible form the power of the papacy as it had developed by the late twelfth century .
this [showed] in an outward and visible form the power of the papacy as it had developed by the late twelfth century .

Innocent exhibited no change in previous papal policy on Sicily .
innocent [showed] no change in previous papal policy on sicily .

It is the attributes or properties of some phenomenon that are exhibited , revealed , discovered and which are measured ; never the `` thing-in-itself `` .
it is the attributes or properties of some phenomenon that are [showed] , revealed , discovered and which are measured ; never the `` thing-in-itself `` .

What Lazarsfeld was after was a way of searching for patterns in data , patterns exhibited between variables , and patterns that , if confirmed regularly across studies , could stand as statements of empirical relationships between phenomena .
what lazarsfeld was after was a way of searching for patterns in data , patterns [showed] between variables , and patterns that , if confirmed regularly across studies , could stand as statements of empirical relationships between phenomena .

Collection `` covers `` a collection got together for a temporary purpose `` , but not one `` made or exhibited for the purpose of effecting sales or other commercial dealings `` .
collection `` covers `` a collection got together for a temporary purpose `` , but not one `` made or [showed] for the purpose of effecting sales or other commercial dealings `` .

Patients were regarded as having manometric results in keeping with connective tissue disease if they exhibited low amplitude waves ( < 25 mm Hg ) and decreased peristalsis that was most noticeable in the distal two thirds of the oesophagus .
patients were regarded as having manometric results in keeping with connective tissue disease if they [showed] low amplitude waves ( < 25 mm hg ) and decreased peristalsis that was most noticeable in the distal two thirds of the oesophagus .

Gambian children , however , form a more heterogeneous group with a wider spread of results ( Fig 4 ) , despite the fact that these children consumed a standard breakfast , compared with the British children who exhibited a wide range of individual preferences for breakfast foods .
gambian children , however , form a more heterogeneous group with a wider spread of results ( fig 4 ) , despite the fact that these children consumed a standard breakfast , compared with the british children who [showed] a wide range of individual preferences for breakfast foods .

Painful bowel movements were thought to be present if the child complained of pain during defecation or when the child exhibited screaming or crying in anticipation of , or during , defecation , if the parent reported blood on the stool or if the child had an anal fissure present at the time of examination .
painful bowel movements were thought to be present if the child complained of pain during defecation or when the child [showed] screaming or crying in anticipation of , or during , defecation , if the parent reported blood on the stool or if the child had an anal fissure present at the time of examination .

Stool withholding was thought to be present if the child exhibited a certain behaviour at the time of defecation , often termed ‘ the duty dance ’ .
stool withholding was thought to be present if the child [showed] a certain behaviour at the time of defecation , often termed ‘ the duty dance ’ .

These patients exhibited an ‘ exudative ’ ascites with a high protein and lymphocyte content and had a good prognosis .
these patients [showed] an ‘ exudative ’ ascites with a high protein and lymphocyte content and had a good prognosis .

Some patients , however , exhibited ‘ functional ’ renal failure , with many similarities observed in cirrhosis .
some patients , however , [showed] ‘ functional ’ renal failure , with many similarities observed in cirrhosis .

Four ( 36 % ) of these 11 patients exhibited a response .
four ( 36 % ) of these 11 patients [showed] a response .

Interestingly , both female as well as male patients exhibited a hypocholesterolaemia , a finding not previously reported among other population groups .
interestingly , both female as well as male patients [showed] a hypocholesterolaemia , a finding not previously reported among other population groups .

Areas , in which deeper erosions persisted , were largely identical with those areas which exhibited haemorrhagical damage at the macroscopic level .
areas , in which deeper erosions persisted , were largely identical with those areas which [showed] haemorrhagical damage at the macroscopic level .

Encouraged by the Irish artist Norah McGuinness , she exhibited her work with great success in Dublin , London and New York .
encouraged by the irish artist norah mcguinness , she [showed] her work with great success in dublin , london and new york .

Between 1909 and 1915 , the Futurists , an Italian group who exhibited in Paris , were inspired by moving pictures .
between 1909 and 1915 , the futurists , an italian group who [showed] in paris , were inspired by moving pictures .

Other repetitive abnormal behaviour exhibited by deprived horses includes swinging the head and neck up and down , or from side to side , and the extension of this habit into the stable vice of weaving .
other repetitive abnormal behaviour [showed] by deprived horses includes swinging the head and neck up and down , or from side to side , and the extension of this habit into the stable vice of weaving .

The horse is kept locked up in a stable until it is time to be exhibited for the potential buyer or judge — or mare owner if the horse is a stallion standing at stud .
the horse is kept locked up in a stable until it is time to be [showed] for the potential buyer or judge — or mare owner if the horse is a stallion standing at stud .

In a corner of the car park , against a wall , a foreign-looking man exhibited clumsy oil paintings on pieces of wood and played a banjo , his hat on the ground .
in a corner of the car park , against a wall , a foreign-looking man [showed] clumsy oil paintings on pieces of wood and played a banjo , his hat on the ground .

’ It was not a uniformly creative search for reality : some people did not listen to news , and others did not interrogate the shortwaves with the sharp skill and interest exhibited so unexpectedly in the tent outside Ajdabiya .
’ it was not a uniformly creative search for reality : some people did not listen to news , and others did not interrogate the shortwaves with the sharp skill and interest [showed] so unexpectedly in the tent outside ajdabiya .

‘ Then impulse and power should be given to the intellect , and the ends of a moral being be exhibited .
‘ then impulse and power should be given to the intellect , and the ends of a moral being be [showed] .

How has it happened , this overthrow of the apparent will of the electorate to evict the Tories , exhibited by month after month of opinion polls ?
how has it happened , this overthrow of the apparent will of the electorate to evict the tories , [showed] by month after month of opinion polls ?

The Land Registration Act 1925 exhibited an intelligible reluctance to hurry extension to other parts of the country until sufficient time had elapsed for testing the general effects of the property legislation of 1925 .
the land registration act 1925 [showed] an intelligible reluctance to hurry extension to other parts of the country until sufficient time had elapsed for testing the general effects of the property legislation of 1925 .

The place was full of antiques , exhibited rather than used .
the place was full of antiques , [showed] rather than used .

Of the sample as a whole , which included leisure centres , holiday camps and caravan parks , even those pools providing lifeguards exhibited worrying deficiencies , the survey said .
of the sample as a whole , which included leisure centres , holiday camps and caravan parks , even those pools providing lifeguards [showed] worrying deficiencies , the survey said .

Paintings come from the Paris-oriented group , Les Vingt , which exhibited Van Gogh , Gauguin , Cezanne , Monet and Renoir well before their reputations were established in France , from the dreamy Symbolists and the more forceful Flemish Expressionists .
paintings come from the paris-oriented group , les vingt , which [showed] van gogh , gauguin , cezanne , monet and renoir well before their reputations were established in france , from the dreamy symbolists and the more forceful flemish expressionists .

’ Barr , in what used to be a general policy for museum curators , was not writing a passionate defence of the work his museum exhibited .
’ barr , in what used to be a general policy for museum curators , was not writing a passionate defence of the work his museum [showed] .

Sometimes the teacher is absent from the group , as Gustave Moreau was absent from the painting exhibited by the Fauves ; or , like Tom Taylor of the Group of Seven , he may be dead .
sometimes the teacher is absent from the group , as gustave moreau was absent from the painting [showed] by the fauves ; or , like tom taylor of the group of seven , he may be dead .

If the term ‘ Abstract Expressionist ’ means anything verifiable , it means painterliness : loose , rapid handling , or the look of it ; masses that blot and fuse instead of shapes that stay distinct ; large , conspicuous rhythms ; broken color ; uneven saturations or densities of paint ; exhibited brush , knife , finger or rag marks — in short a constellation of physical features like those defined by Wölflinn when he extracted his notion of the Malerische from Baroque art .
if the term ‘ abstract expressionist ’ means anything verifiable , it means painterliness : loose , rapid handling , or the look of it ; masses that blot and fuse instead of shapes that stay distinct ; large , conspicuous rhythms ; broken color ; uneven saturations or densities of paint ; [showed] brush , knife , finger or rag marks — in short a constellation of physical features like those defined by wölflinn when he extracted his notion of the malerische from baroque art .

Nevertheless , they were able to continue the art classes ( to Leonard 's chagrin , a Saturday morning event ) alongside needlework and other crafts , which were exhibited locally from time to time .
nevertheless , they were able to continue the art classes ( to leonard 's chagrin , a saturday morning event ) alongside needlework and other crafts , which were [showed] locally from time to time .

They , as became self-conscious representatives of the Cohen tradition — austere , genteel , ‘ polished ’ — were not taken to the spontaneous expressions of liveliness which Masha 's Judaism exhibited .
they , as became self-conscious representatives of the cohen tradition — austere , genteel , ‘ polished ’ — were not taken to the spontaneous expressions of liveliness which masha 's judaism [showed] .

Unlike the skin-heads and punks of a later generation , or the teddy boys who preceded this era , many ‘ flower children ’ were non-violent and in their communitas even exhibited something of a constructive element .
unlike the skin-heads and punks of a later generation , or the teddy boys who preceded this era , many ‘ flower children ’ were non-violent and in their communitas even [showed] something of a constructive element .

This restraint expected in police hair was clearly illustrated in a large poster exhibited in the Northumbria police training department in the early 1980s , which ordered : ‘ male hair will be clear of the collar … [ and ] sideburns will not extend below the centre of the ear … ’ .
this restraint expected in police hair was clearly illustrated in a large poster [showed] in the northumbria police training department in the early 1980s , which ordered : ‘ male hair will be clear of the collar … [ and ] sideburns will not extend below the centre of the ear … ’ .

In fact , though the statue was exhibited as the property of the Marquess of Tavistock and the Bedford Estate Trustees , it had already been sold to a Cayman Island company , Fine Art Investment and Display Limited .
in fact , though the statue was [showed] as the property of the marquess of tavistock and the bedford estate trustees , it had already been sold to a cayman island company , fine art investment and display limited .

The first record of a Rottweiler being exhibited in Holland was in 1910 .
the first record of a rottweiler being [showed] in holland was in 1910 .

Each breed has an index figure , which is equivalent to the number of dogs required to be actually exhibited ( not just entered ) , to gain a five point green star .
each breed has an index figure , which is equivalent to the number of dogs required to be actually [showed] ( not just entered ) , to gain a five point green star .

The Rottweiler is to be exhibited in a natural condition with no trimming .
the rottweiler is to be [showed] in a natural condition with no trimming .

War against ignorance , war against brutality … How happy it is to see with what zeal and what promptitude all over the country the working population have exhibited their readiness to take advantage of the opportunities when once afforded them .
war against ignorance , war against brutality … how happy it is to see with what zeal and what promptitude all over the country the working population have [showed] their readiness to take advantage of the opportunities when once afforded them .

The contrast between these two extracts and the rank philistinism exhibited in the previous quotation could hardly be greater .
the contrast between these two extracts and the rank philistinism [showed] in the previous quotation could hardly be greater .

Since then she has gone on to create exhibitions , including Zabat — a stunning series of Blackwomen 's portraits which will be exhibited at Camerawork Gallery in London from March 15–April 19 , and has now edited Passion : Discourses on Blackwomen 's Creativity , recently published by Urban Fox Press .
since then she has gone on to create exhibitions , including zabat — a stunning series of blackwomen 's portraits which will be [showed] at camerawork gallery in london from march 15–april 19 , and has now edited passion : discourses on blackwomen 's creativity , recently published by urban fox press .

Even though he exhibited less humour than Ibsen on a bad night , the frantic phone calls just mentioned — by the conquering Germans from Oslo to Berlin trying to get the importunate Foerer off their backs — offer clear elements of farce .
even though he [showed] less humour than ibsen on a bad night , the frantic phone calls just mentioned — by the conquering germans from oslo to berlin trying to get the importunate foerer off their backs — offer clear elements of farce .

It was astonishment that anybody could have expected anything else and consequently at the paroxysms of indignation which Government and opposition , press and public , exhibited .
it was astonishment that anybody could have expected anything else and consequently at the paroxysms of indignation which government and opposition , press and public , [showed] .

In fact , they exhibited all the satisfaction of someone who has hit upon a method for causing water to flow uphill .
in fact , they [showed] all the satisfaction of someone who has hit upon a method for causing water to flow uphill .

Picasso 's extensive series of variations on Las Meninas was produced in 1957 , but even if Gironella knew of them when he himself began to work on versions of Velázquez ( which is highly unlikely , as Picasso 's paintings were not exhibited until 1959 ) ; even though their interest in the art of the past at that point in their careers was for both , perhaps , a rejection of abstraction ; and even though both can in some way be defined as exiled from their Spanish roots , as outsiders looking in — — yet the results are widely divergent .
picasso 's extensive series of variations on las meninas was produced in 1957 , but even if gironella knew of them when he himself began to work on versions of velázquez ( which is highly unlikely , as picasso 's paintings were not [showed] until 1959 ) ; even though their interest in the art of the past at that point in their careers was for both , perhaps , a rejection of abstraction ; and even though both can in some way be defined as exiled from their spanish roots , as outsiders looking in — — yet the results are widely divergent .

Music hall had shown Eliot that the chorus of the Greek drama in whose primitive origins he had exhibited such interest , could still work on the modern stage .
music hall had shown eliot that the chorus of the greek drama in whose primitive origins he had [showed] such interest , could still work on the modern stage .

Plants collected were exhibited at a dinner in July to Members and their guests , and a general discussion followed a talk by the Demonstrator .
plants collected were [showed] at a dinner in july to members and their guests , and a general discussion followed a talk by the demonstrator .

The Figures of Plants , dedicated to the Duke of Bedford , contained the ‘ most beautiful , useful and uncommon plants described in the Gardener 's Dictionary , exhibited on 300 copper plates ’ .
the figures of plants , dedicated to the duke of bedford , contained the ‘ most beautiful , useful and uncommon plants described in the gardener 's dictionary , [showed] on 300 copper plates ’ .

Whether we consider the rarity of the subjects , the speciousness of those he selected for his purpose , or the general production of the whole , England had not before produced any work , except the Hortus Elthamensis or Catesby 's Carolina , so superb and extensive , and in one respect Miller 's had an advantage , as they exhibited much more perfectly the separate figures of parts of fructification .
whether we consider the rarity of the subjects , the speciousness of those he selected for his purpose , or the general production of the whole , england had not before produced any work , except the hortus elthamensis or catesby 's carolina , so superb and extensive , and in one respect miller 's had an advantage , as they [showed] much more perfectly the separate figures of parts of fructification .

Sir : Desiring to show you our kind feeling and the admiration we have for your bravery and humanity , as exhibited in your recent conflict with the forces of the United States .
sir : desiring to show you our kind feeling and the admiration we have for your bravery and humanity , as [showed] in your recent conflict with the forces of the united states .

The Great Exhibition lasted from May until October and attracted visitors from all over the world to see the various items of produce exhibited , and a Mr. Thomas Cook enlarged his business by arranging trips to that Exhibition from a great many places .
the great exhibition lasted from may until october and attracted visitors from all over the world to see the various items of produce [showed] , and a mr. thomas cook enlarged his business by arranging trips to that exhibition from a great many places .

His drawings and paintings have been exhibited all over the world .
his drawings and paintings have been [showed] all over the world .

He insisted it be exhibited , although it lacked a face .
he insisted it be [showed] , although it lacked a face .

Several new products were exhibited by TechGen International .
several new products were [showed] by techgen international .

Some of the 1-cyclopropyl-quinolone-carboxylic acid derivatives exhibited particularly interesting microbiological properties .
some of the 1-cyclopropyl-quinolone-carboxylic acid derivatives [showed] particularly interesting microbiological properties .

It is not known whether all the material will be permanently exhibited , because South Cambridgeshire District is one of the few local authorities in Britain not to have a local museum .
it is not known whether all the material will be permanently [showed] , because south cambridgeshire district is one of the few local authorities in britain not to have a local museum .

’ ; in Boston an antique exhibition barred Russian pieces from being exhibited ; in Bournemouth the conductor of the municipal symphony orchestra barred pieces by Shostakovitch from being played .
’ ; in boston an antique exhibition barred russian pieces from being [showed] ; in bournemouth the conductor of the municipal symphony orchestra barred pieces by shostakovitch from being played .

Separation anxieties are usually exhibited by dogs which have become too attached to the family .
separation anxieties are usually [showed] by dogs which have become too attached to the family .

But a show rule dictating that no cattle in which the judge had an interest could be exhibited eliminated many entries .
but a show rule dictating that no cattle in which the judge had an interest could be [showed] eliminated many entries .

But it should be remembered that such hesitation was an endemic feature of British politics during the inter-war years and was even exhibited in the 1930s when fascism , that other major problem of the age , threatened to consume Britain and Europe .
but it should be remembered that such hesitation was an endemic feature of british politics during the inter-war years and was even [showed] in the 1930s when fascism , that other major problem of the age , threatened to consume britain and europe .

He regarded posterity as the only afterlife worth contemplating and , to show his contempt for the resurrection of the body , he left his to be dissected — a bold gesture that his contemporaries were slow to follow — and his reconstituted skeleton was exhibited in University College , London .
he regarded posterity as the only afterlife worth contemplating and , to show his contempt for the resurrection of the body , he left his to be dissected — a bold gesture that his contemporaries were slow to follow — and his reconstituted skeleton was [showed] in university college , london .

She was awarded many diplomas of merit and exhibited in London , Germany and America .
she was awarded many diplomas of merit and [showed] in london , germany and america .

Even so , Barney Edwards heads off every year to add to his recently exhibited project — Aquatic Exposure .
even so , barney edwards heads off every year to add to his recently [showed] project — aquatic exposure .

How Do Women Walk , by Elspeth Owen is exhibited jointly with :
how do women walk , by elspeth owen is [showed] jointly with :

His work is exhibited alongside that of his wife , Mary Cooper , who also uses landscape to seek out the quiet voices of the intimate and the familiar ( until 20 Feb ) .
his work is [showed] alongside that of his wife , mary cooper , who also uses landscape to seek out the quiet voices of the intimate and the familiar ( until 20 feb ) .

Nevertheless , few literary movements have exhibited such an abiding preoccupation with establishing antecedents in order to defend and define their textual practices .
nevertheless , few literary movements have [showed] such an abiding preoccupation with establishing antecedents in order to defend and define their textual practices .

Whereas Constable 's landscapes met with hostility and indifference when first exhibited , Bonington 's small-scale cabinet pictures found instant favour with collectors .
whereas constable 's landscapes met with hostility and indifference when first [showed] , bonington 's small-scale cabinet pictures found instant favour with collectors .

Trained in watercolours by his father , the precocious Bonington had already exhibited at the Liverpool Academy before his family left England .
trained in watercolours by his father , the precocious bonington had already [showed] at the liverpool academy before his family left england .

By now almost wholly French in his artistic outlook , in August 1824 he was as amazed as his French contemporaries when Constable 's Hay Wain and Hampstead Heath were exhibited at the famous Salon Anglais .
by now almost wholly french in his artistic outlook , in august 1824 he was as amazed as his french contemporaries when constable 's hay wain and hampstead heath were [showed] at the famous salon anglais .

As the leader of the Romantic school of young French painters , Bonington took London by storm when he first exhibited at the British Institution in 1826 .
as the leader of the romantic school of young french painters , bonington took london by storm when he first [showed] at the british institution in 1826 .

This was once the manorial mill of Flaxley Abbey , and a board showing the grinding charges was formerly exhibited at Gloucester Folk Museum .
this was once the manorial mill of flaxley abbey , and a board showing the grinding charges was formerly [showed] at gloucester folk museum .

Decisions will need to be made about the criteria for display . Will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?
decisions will need to be made about the criteria for display . will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work [showed] ?

George Weston exhibited style and imitated respectability .
george weston [showed] style and imitated respectability .

Later , at his trial , when the many chippings were exhibited , John 's fate was sealed .
later , at his trial , when the many chippings were [showed] , john 's fate was sealed .

His most recent London exhibition was at the Christopher Hull Gallery off Belgrave Square , but he has exhibited since then in Edinburgh at Richard Demarco 's gallery .
his most recent london exhibition was at the christopher hull gallery off belgrave square , but he has [showed] since then in edinburgh at richard demarco 's gallery .

Equally impressive are the finds exhibited in the museum on Lake Varese 's Isolino Virginia .
equally impressive are the finds [showed] in the museum on lake varese 's isolino virginia .

One evening Leopold Zborowski , a Polish poet , came to look at the modern paintings exhibited and was immediately taken by Modigliani 's remarkable talent .
one evening leopold zborowski , a polish poet , came to look at the modern paintings [showed] and was immediately taken by modigliani 's remarkable talent .

’ He was beaten by an innings , scoring only 3 and 31 to his opponent 's 75 , but in 1833 , when Yorkshire played their first county match against Norfolk , he met Bradbury again and ‘ exhibited such ability with the bat that he almost ran his opponent off his legs .
’ he was beaten by an innings , scoring only 3 and 31 to his opponent 's 75 , but in 1833 , when yorkshire played their first county match against norfolk , he met bradbury again and ‘ [showed] such ability with the bat that he almost ran his opponent off his legs .

Hardcore porn is openly traded in the cities and exhibited in cinemas and video shops across the country , despite experimental zoning restrictions in certain areas , yet there has been little or no attempt in the courts or the legislatures to discriminate between the greater and lesser dangers it represents .
hardcore porn is openly traded in the cities and [showed] in cinemas and video shops across the country , despite experimental zoning restrictions in certain areas , yet there has been little or no attempt in the courts or the legislatures to discriminate between the greater and lesser dangers it represents .

Its neighbouring census tract to the north exhibited diametrically opposite trends , suggesting that whilst one area improved another declined .
its neighbouring census tract to the north [showed] diametrically opposite trends , suggesting that whilst one area improved another declined .

By 1800 the new Shorthorn was Britain 's tallest breed , the bulls standing 152cm at the withers ; the famous Durham Ox was 165cm tall and weighed 3,024 pounds as a five-year-old in 1801 when it was exhibited all over the country , remaining a star travelling showpiece until it dislocated its hip in 1807 .
by 1800 the new shorthorn was britain 's tallest breed , the bulls standing 152cm at the withers ; the famous durham ox was 165cm tall and weighed 3,024 pounds as a five-year-old in 1801 when it was [showed] all over the country , remaining a star travelling showpiece until it dislocated its hip in 1807 .

If so , the beautiful small church of St. Sampson at Golant would be that at which King Mark worshipped and to which Iseult presented her best dress , to be exhibited on feast days long after her death .
if so , the beautiful small church of st. sampson at golant would be that at which king mark worshipped and to which iseult presented her best dress , to be [showed] on feast days long after her death .

The ‘ pig-faced lady ’ was often exhibited at fairs , represented by a bear wearing bonnet and gown , with its head shaved , and pinioned upright in a chair .
the ‘ pig-faced lady ’ was often [showed] at fairs , represented by a bear wearing bonnet and gown , with its head shaved , and pinioned upright in a chair .

They were exhibited all over the world , and appeared in London at the Egyptian Hall in 1829 .
they were [showed] all over the world , and appeared in london at the egyptian hall in 1829 .

The other extreme is represented by the special records made for Queen Mary 's Doll 's House exhibited at the Wembley Exhibition of 1924 .
the other extreme is represented by the special records made for queen mary 's doll 's house [showed] at the wembley exhibition of 1924 .

The leader or high priest ( ess ) is chosen for the quality of psychic power exhibited , and how open he or she is to the life-force .
the leader or high priest ( ess ) is chosen for the quality of psychic power [showed] , and how open he or she is to the life-force .

Sheppard modelled the statue in 1911–12 and exhibited it for the first time in 1914 .
sheppard modelled the statue in 1911–12 and [showed] it for the first time in 1914 .

‘ Resolved that in consequence of the report of the Committee last mentioned and the charges now exhibited against the said Secretary — this meeting is of the opinion that his conduct has been highly injurious to the Interests of the College and that he be immediately dismissed .
‘ resolved that in consequence of the report of the committee last mentioned and the charges now [showed] against the said secretary — this meeting is of the opinion that his conduct has been highly injurious to the interests of the college and that he be immediately dismissed .

His thoughts often centred on the foot of the horse , and he wasted no time in his introductory lecture before remarking on the correlation of structure and function that was exhibited by the frog of the foot .
his thoughts often centred on the foot of the horse , and he wasted no time in his introductory lecture before remarking on the correlation of structure and function that was [showed] by the frog of the foot .

His bones will go to Washington for study , his skin will be stuffed and exhibited at the Space Hall of Fame in New Mexico and the rest if there 's any left will be cremated .
his bones will go to washington for study , his skin will be stuffed and [showed] at the space hall of fame in new mexico and the rest if there 's any left will be cremated .

The support or detestation exhibited by biologists in the matter of sociobiology and by educational psychologists in the matter of ‘ nature v nurture ’ is , it seems rather too obvious to point out , of this kind .
the support or detestation [showed] by biologists in the matter of sociobiology and by educational psychologists in the matter of ‘ nature v nurture ’ is , it seems rather too obvious to point out , of this kind .

In 1901 , Kilpatrick saw a gangling yearling Clydesdale being exhibited by William McKeich of Buchlyvie .
in 1901 , kilpatrick saw a gangling yearling clydesdale being [showed] by william mckeich of buchlyvie .

Baron of Buchlyvie was kept at Craigie Mains and as a three year old was exhibited as being owned by James Kilpatrick .
baron of buchlyvie was kept at craigie mains and as a three year old was [showed] as being owned by james kilpatrick .

’ For instance , if people have n't exhibited management ability in what they think are the worthwhile things they 've done over the past 30 years or so , the chance of them ever being good managers is remote .
’ for instance , if people have n't [showed] management ability in what they think are the worthwhile things they 've done over the past 30 years or so , the chance of them ever being good managers is remote .

This was exhibited in various places with great financial success .
this was [showed] in various places with great financial success .

The 1889 picture was exhibited at the Edinburgh Exhibition in 1890 and won an award ; it was also specially exhibited to Queen Victoria at Lord and Lady Blythswood 's house in Glasgow in 1891 , at which time the Queen agreed to become patron of the proposed new Glasgow Institute 's building fund .
the 1889 picture was [showed] at the edinburgh exhibition in 1890 and won an award ; it was also specially [showed] to queen victoria at lord and lady blythswood 's house in glasgow in 1891 , at which time the queen agreed to become patron of the proposed new glasgow institute 's building fund .

He visited the Royal Academy , where he exhibited in 1797 and 1798 , and frequented other exhibitions .
he visited the royal academy , where he [showed] in 1797 and 1798 , and frequented other exhibitions .

He earned his living with exhibitions of his work , in Ambleside at home and in Keswick , where he rented a room for the purpose ; and he also exhibited in Manchester on occasions .
he earned his living with exhibitions of his work , in ambleside at home and in keswick , where he rented a room for the purpose ; and he also [showed] in manchester on occasions .

In 1797 he had exhibited two paintings , No .
in 1797 he had [showed] two paintings , no .

In 1798 he exhibited No .
in 1798 he [showed] no .

He also exhibited in Ulverston and in his diaries talks of preparations for big shows in Manchester and Liverpool , but it is not known if these took place .
he also [showed] in ulverston and in his diaries talks of preparations for big shows in manchester and liverpool , but it is not known if these took place .

On 24th November of the same year he ‘ exhibited to Mr. Lloyd and Mrs Southey — and saw Mr. Harden — went to see Mrs. Sharpe and the poor Lady .
on 24th november of the same year he ‘ [showed] to mr. lloyd and mrs southey — and saw mr. harden — went to see mrs. sharpe and the poor lady .

He was referring , of course , to his Brother Brushes , who exhibited annually , as did he , at the Royal Scottish Academy in Edinburgh .
he was referring , of course , to his brother brushes , who [showed] annually , as did he , at the royal scottish academy in edinburgh .

In March 1845 the Foreign Office wrote to the Treasury to say that the two easternmost houses of the Office had ‘ within the last few days exhibited rents of a formidable nature ’ .
in march 1845 the foreign office wrote to the treasury to say that the two easternmost houses of the office had ‘ within the last few days [showed] rents of a formidable nature ’ .

In the following year , the elder Barry exhibited a large rebuilding scheme for the whole Whitehall area at the Royal Academy which was a development of the competition entry .
in the following year , the elder barry [showed] a large rebuilding scheme for the whole whitehall area at the royal academy which was a development of the competition entry .

The design , according to The Saturday Review , exhibited a ‘ considerable acquaintance with the luscious forms of French civic flamboyant ’ , but lacked dignity and self-respect .
the design , according to the saturday review , [showed] a ‘ considerable acquaintance with the luscious forms of french civic flamboyant ’ , but lacked dignity and self-respect .

He had exhibited work every year since 1847 , and had given about three of a series of lectures on mediaeval architecture to students at the Academy , which he had started the previous year .
he had [showed] work every year since 1847 , and had given about three of a series of lectures on mediaeval architecture to students at the academy , which he had started the previous year .

It expected that Scott would produce a building to vie with his great designs abroad and concluded with the hope that ‘ the recent discussions in which so much misapprehension has been exhibited will not shake your determination to carry out the selected design ’ .
it expected that scott would produce a building to vie with his great designs abroad and concluded with the hope that ‘ the recent discussions in which so much misapprehension has been [showed] will not shake your determination to carry out the selected design ’ .

The amount of variation in weekly demand exhibited in Figure 7.2 is quite remarkable , especially if we consider that the manufacturer ’ s demand is based on the total sales of this SKU in over a thousand retail outlets each week .
the amount of variation in weekly demand [showed] in figure 7.2 is quite remarkable , especially if we consider that the manufacturer ’ s demand is based on the total sales of this sku in over a thousand retail outlets each week .

Two were new : steel-frame construction , which Cram described as an enfant terrible ; and what he called the Secessionists—Frank Lloyd Wright in Chicago , the Greene brothers in Pasadena—who exhibited “ a strongly developed enmity to archaeological forms of any kind. ” Cram was not sanguine about the future , but he nevertheless concluded : “ Chaos then confronts us , in that there is no single architectural following , but legion ; and in that fact lies the honor of our art , for neither is society one , or ever at one with itself . ”
two were new : steel-frame construction , which cram described as an enfant terrible ; and what he called the secessionists—frank lloyd wright in chicago , the greene brothers in pasadena—who [showed] “ a strongly developed enmity to archaeological forms of any kind. ” cram was not sanguine about the future , but he nevertheless concluded : “ chaos then confronts us , in that there is no single architectural following , but legion ; and in that fact lies the honor of our art , for neither is society one , or ever at one with itself . ”

Often ignored is the subculture of the pinto experience that is exhibited in behavior , art expression , and published poetry .
often ignored is the subculture of the pinto experience that is [showed] in behavior , art expression , and published poetry .

This underclass aesthetic was vigorously exhibited by El Teatro Campesino ( the Farmworkers ’ Theater ) in the creation of the stock characters that constituted the core of the Teatro ’ s actos ( dramas ) .
this underclass aesthetic was vigorously [showed] by el teatro campesino ( the farmworkers ’ theater ) in the creation of the stock characters that constituted the core of the teatro ’ s actos ( dramas ) .

A nationalistic sentiment among Chicanos of the United States or el Mexico de afuera ( Mexico from the outside ) exhibited by patriotic activities such as parades , fiestas patrias ( patriotic festivals ) , and celebrations of Mexican holidays .
a nationalistic sentiment among chicanos of the united states or el mexico de afuera ( mexico from the outside ) [showed] by patriotic activities such as parades , fiestas patrias ( patriotic festivals ) , and celebrations of mexican holidays .

The famed Spanish architect Rafael Moneo , a Pritzker prize winner , is set to begin the Prado ’ s long-awaited expansion so that more of its vast collection can be exhibited .
the famed spanish architect rafael moneo , a pritzker prize winner , is set to begin the prado ’ s long-awaited expansion so that more of its vast collection can be [showed] .

More than 800 paintings are exhibited , dating from the 13th century to the present day .
more than 800 paintings are [showed] , dating from the 13th century to the present day .

Reorganization makes it hazardous to specify room numbers , but the paintings are generally exhibited chronologically from the 13th to the 18th century .
reorganization makes it hazardous to specify room numbers , but the paintings are generally [showed] chronologically from the 13th to the 18th century .

Giorgio de Chirico and Eduardo de Pisis are among the more important 20th-century painters exhibited .
giorgio de chirico and eduardo de pisis are among the more important 20th-century painters [showed] .

Their weapons and armor , along with Pompeii ’ s more fragile works of art , are exhibited at Naples ’ Archaeological Museum ( see page 173 ) , which is an invaluable adjunct to your visit to Pompeii or Herculaneum .
their weapons and armor , along with pompeii ’ s more fragile works of art , are [showed] at naples ’ archaeological museum ( see page 173 ) , which is an invaluable adjunct to your visit to pompeii or herculaneum .

Compare their modern and sadly more commercialized wares with their forefathers ’ elaborate Baroque furniture exhibited at the Museo Correale , in an 18th-century palazzo at the east end of town — Sorrento ’ s only real museum of note .
compare their modern and sadly more commercialized wares with their forefathers ’ elaborate baroque furniture [showed] at the museo correale , in an 18th-century palazzo at the east end of town — sorrento ’ s only real museum of note .

Some of the more fragile pieces are exhibited in an upstairs chapter room , worth a visit for a close-up view of his workmanship .
some of the more fragile pieces are [showed] in an upstairs chapter room , worth a visit for a close-up view of his workmanship .

Merdeka Square was also the site where the body of slain Malay warrior Tok Janggut ( Father Long Beard ) , who led a rebellion against the British in the early years of the century , was exhibited in 1915 .
merdeka square was also the site where the body of slain malay warrior tok janggut ( father long beard ) , who led a rebellion against the british in the early years of the century , was [showed] in 1915 .

The town ’ s priceless Bronze Age treasure , discovered in a clay jar in the riverbed , is exhibited in the Ayuntamiento ( Town Hall ) .
the town ’ s priceless bronze age treasure , discovered in a clay jar in the riverbed , is [showed] in the ayuntamiento ( town hall ) .

It is also home to the most eclectic array of animals including gorillas , chimpanzees , tigers , jaguars , alligators , sea-lions , dolphins and numerous other creatures that are exhibited in carefully and creatively , designed spaces .
it is also home to the most eclectic array of animals including gorillas , chimpanzees , tigers , jaguars , alligators , sea-lions , dolphins and numerous other creatures that are [showed] in carefully and creatively , designed spaces .

Cretans exhibited their skills with paint , clay , copper , bronze , and gold was highly prized and raw materials flowed in — lapis lazuli from Afghanistan , ivory from Syria , and gold , silver , and black obsidian from Anatolia .
cretans [showed] their skills with paint , clay , copper , bronze , and gold was highly prized and raw materials flowed in — lapis lazuli from afghanistan , ivory from syria , and gold , silver , and black obsidian from anatolia .

Exhibited are examples of Linear B type , which was deciphered in 1952 and is of Mycenaean origin — showing that by the time the tablet was written the Minoans had lost control of the major cities .
[showed] are examples of linear b type , which was deciphered in 1952 and is of mycenaean origin — showing that by the time the tablet was written the minoans had lost control of the major cities .

Public company management needs to set the appropriate `` tone at the top '' and that culture needs to be carried throughout the company and exhibited by the board of directors in its oversight of management and in its protection of shareholder interests .
public company management needs to set the appropriate `` tone at the top '' and that culture needs to be carried throughout the company and [showed] by the board of directors in its oversight of management and in its protection of shareholder interests .

This paper next estimates the value of scale in delivery exhibited by 21 national postal systems based on data from an unpublished paper which was presented at the 1994 Stockholm conference on Postal and Delivery Services.6 7 Finally , it compares the estimated value of scale with an estimate of the wage premium in each country .
this paper next estimates the value of scale in delivery [showed] by 21 national postal systems based on data from an unpublished paper which was presented at the 1994 stockholm conference on postal and delivery services.6 7 finally , it compares the estimated value of scale with an estimate of the wage premium in each country .

Others exhibited marked changes in behavior before disappearing .
others [showed] marked changes in behavior before disappearing .

Two cases , both double IUFDs , exhibited signs of TTTS .
two cases , both double iufds , [showed] signs of ttts .

After 28 d in culture , more than 50 % of all cells exhibited robust staining for Alcian Blue , a marker specific for extracellular matrix proteoglycans .
after 28 d in culture , more than 50 % of all cells [showed] robust staining for alcian blue , a marker specific for extracellular matrix proteoglycans .

However , some of the lines ( e.g. , hESMPC9.1 ) exhibited a tendency of spontaneous osteogenic differentiation after long-term propagation .
however , some of the lines ( e.g. , hesmpc9.1 ) [showed] a tendency of spontaneous osteogenic differentiation after long-term propagation .

All six TAA-specific populations exhibited robust functional responses ex vivo , as measured by percentage of G2090–2M- and M26-tetramer-positive cells that mobilized CD107 and/or downregulated the CD3 complex upon incubation with T2 cells pulsed with cognate peptides ( Table 1 ; 86 % -99.6 % ) .
all six taa-specific populations [showed] robust functional responses ex vivo , as measured by percentage of g2090–2m- and m26-tetramer-positive cells that mobilized cd107 and/or downregulated the cd3 complex upon incubation with t2 cells pulsed with cognate peptides ( table 1 ; 86 % -99.6 % ) .

In response to melanoma targets mel526 and Malme-3M , which both express gp100 and MART-1 and are HLA-A*0201 positive , the two endogenous TAA-specific responses ( samples from patients 132 and 461 ) also exhibited robust functional responses directly ex vivo ( Table 1 ; 36.8 % –87 % ) , and these responses were specific as they had little response to A375 , a HLA-A*0201-positive melanoma cell that does not express gp100 or MART-1 and served as a negative control for antigen-specific killing ( Table 1 ; 2.7 % and 3 % ) .
in response to melanoma targets mel526 and malme-3m , which both express gp100 and mart-1 and are hla-a*0201 positive , the two endogenous taa-specific responses ( samples from patients 132 and 461 ) also [showed] robust functional responses directly ex vivo ( table 1 ; 36.8 % –87 % ) , and these responses were specific as they had little response to a375 , a hla-a*0201-positive melanoma cell that does not express gp100 or mart-1 and served as a negative control for antigen-specific killing ( table 1 ; 2.7 % and 3 % ) .

In contrast , the vaccine-elicited responses exhibited much lower reactivity to mel526 and Malme-3M ( Table 1 ; 23.8 % –32.5 % ) .
in contrast , the vaccine-elicited responses [showed] much lower reactivity to mel526 and malme-3m ( table 1 ; 23.8 % –32.5 % ) .

Similar to the first four vaccine-elicited patients , these four additional patients ( six TAA-specific responses in total ) exhibited variable reactivity to melanoma targets , ranging from 13 % to 49.6 % ( Table 1 ) .
similar to the first four vaccine-elicited patients , these four additional patients ( six taa-specific responses in total ) [showed] variable reactivity to melanoma targets , ranging from 13 % to 49.6 % ( table 1 ) .

Importantly , the vaccine-elicited clones also exhibited wide variations in RE even for the heteroclitic peptide , compared to the endogenous responses ( Figure 5E and 5F ) .
importantly , the vaccine-elicited clones also [showed] wide variations in re even for the heteroclitic peptide , compared to the endogenous responses ( figure 5e and 5f ) .

In all of the vaccine-elicited T cell responses , many of the T cells generated were either of low or intermediate RE not only for the native peptide , but also for the heteroclitic peptide , and exhibited no or intermediate lysis of tumor targets .
in all of the vaccine-elicited t cell responses , many of the t cells generated were either of low or intermediate re not only for the native peptide , but also for the heteroclitic peptide , and [showed] no or intermediate lysis of tumor targets .

The public has recently exhibited a renewed interest in regeneration research , due in large part to stem cell research , which has provided promising avenues for the field of regenerative medicine .
the public has recently [showed] a renewed interest in regeneration research , due in large part to stem cell research , which has provided promising avenues for the field of regenerative medicine .

Researchers there introduced additional chitinase genes using bolistics , in sense or antisense orientation under the control of a strong promoter ( 35S ) into chitinase transformant lines of tobacco that never exhibited spontaneous gene silencing ( Crete et al .
researchers there introduced additional chitinase genes using bolistics , in sense or antisense orientation under the control of a strong promoter ( 35s ) into chitinase transformant lines of tobacco that never [showed] spontaneous gene silencing ( crete et al .

Furthermore , even transmission after top grafting was less effective than expected ; in one stock/scion combination only 27 out of 71 grafts exhibited transmission of the silencing signal .
furthermore , even transmission after top grafting was less effective than expected ; in one stock/scion combination only 27 out of 71 grafts [showed] transmission of the silencing signal .

Even now , the potential for different types of art that may be exhibited in the Park , and the range of educational programs and community events that may be offered promise to expand the horizons of our visitors .
even now , the potential for different types of art that may be [showed] in the park , and the range of educational programs and community events that may be offered promise to expand the horizons of our visitors .

Even now , the potential for different types of art that may be exhibited in the Park , and the range of educational programs and community events that may be offered promise to expand the horizons of our visitors .
even now , the potential for different types of art that may be [showed] in the park , and the range of educational programs and community events that may be offered promise to expand the horizons of our visitors .

He exhibited only the qualities of meat from the town 's frozen food locker , none of the grace or equanimity of the live animal , and had the look of one larded with strips of fat through his flesh and ready for roasting .
he [showed] only the qualities of meat from the town 's frozen food locker , none of the grace or equanimity of the live animal , and had the look of one larded with strips of fat through his flesh and ready for roasting .

Despite its numerous vital functions , the hypothalamus in humans accounts for only 1/300 of total brain weight , and is about the size of an almond.66 How exciting to think that a part of the human brain was evolved from the fish , and how plausible , looking past the gnostoc into the cold waters of the Lake , that humans would be happier if they lived there without the elaboration of aggressive behaviors exhibited by the savage boys in gym class .
despite its numerous vital functions , the hypothalamus in humans accounts for only 1/300 of total brain weight , and is about the size of an almond.66 how exciting to think that a part of the human brain was evolved from the fish , and how plausible , looking past the gnostoc into the cold waters of the lake , that humans would be happier if they lived there without the elaboration of aggressive behaviors [showed] by the savage boys in gym class .

Another pop artist , John Chamberlain , exhibited the actual voluptuous hulks of wrecks .
another pop artist , john chamberlain , [showed] the actual voluptuous hulks of wrecks .

What is much harder to understand is the Clintonophobia exhibited by a Washington elite that roughly shares the administration 's center-liberal orientation .
what is much harder to understand is the clintonophobia [showed] by a washington elite that roughly shares the administration 's center-liberal orientation .

I think the critic 's job is to resist the inevitable process by which junk exhibited often enough ( and written about enough ) becomes important .
i think the critic 's job is to resist the inevitable process by which junk [showed] often enough ( and written about enough ) becomes important .

That means that the culture of soccer , with all its grace and skill , brutality and bravado , will be exhibited by female American athletes .
that means that the culture of soccer , with all its grace and skill , brutality and bravado , will be [showed] by female american athletes .

More likely with an artist of Lucas ' intellect and attention span is that her work is a mock homage to the cast mattresses of Rachel Whiteread -- as her chum Tracy Emin 's resin-cast urinals , exhibited in New York earlier this year , are a mock homage to Whiteread , via Duchamp .
more likely with an artist of lucas ' intellect and attention span is that her work is a mock homage to the cast mattresses of rachel whiteread -- as her chum tracy emin 's resin-cast urinals , [showed] in new york earlier this year , are a mock homage to whiteread , via duchamp .

I saw the show more than enough times at London 's Royal Academy in 1997 to form an enduring impression of it , and you will note that I confined specific criticism in my letter to a painting ; unlike sculptures or installations , a painting is essentially the same object wherever it 's exhibited .
i saw the show more than enough times at london 's royal academy in 1997 to form an enduring impression of it , and you will note that i confined specific criticism in my letter to a painting ; unlike sculptures or installations , a painting is essentially the same object wherever it 's [showed] .

He noted that the fish `` is exhibited extensively throughout southwest Missouri to denote Christian-owned businesses . ''
he noted that the fish `` is [showed] extensively throughout southwest missouri to denote christian-owned businesses . ''

Hart was already reeling from allegations of womanizing ; the photo -- which was exhibited often enough to be burned into our synapses -- closed the case against him .
hart was already reeling from allegations of womanizing ; the photo -- which was [showed] often enough to be burned into our synapses -- closed the case against him .

This was based on a study of an extended Montreal family , many of whose members exhibited certain curiosities in their grammar : They could not form certain kinds of sentences , could n't answer questions , could n't write clearly , and so on .
this was based on a study of an extended montreal family , many of whose members [showed] certain curiosities in their grammar : they could not form certain kinds of sentences , could n't answer questions , could n't write clearly , and so on .

In another series , , she exhibited rotting fish decorated with beads and sequins , supposedly to `` create a biting satire on women 's servitude in a male-dominated culture , '' according to the exhibition catalog .
in another series , , she [showed] rotting fish decorated with beads and sequins , supposedly to `` create a biting satire on women 's servitude in a male-dominated culture , '' according to the exhibition catalog .

Simpson has previously exhibited photographs of black women accompanied by bits of cryptic text .
simpson has previously [showed] photographs of black women accompanied by bits of cryptic text .

Steven E. Landsburg exhibited a rather alarming disregard for common sense in his recent article `` Tax the Knickers Off Your Grandchildren . ''
steven e. landsburg [showed] a rather alarming disregard for common sense in his recent article `` tax the knickers off your grandchildren . ''

The breathtaking thoughtlessness exhibited in this piece has appeared in lesser forms time and again in the `` Everyday Economics '' column .
the breathtaking thoughtlessness [showed] in this piece has appeared in lesser forms time and again in the `` everyday economics '' column .

A WP editorial argues that Bush exhibited a worrisome attitude towards democracy when he stated that the Pakistani coup was `` good news for the subcontinent . ''
a wp editorial argues that bush [showed] a worrisome attitude towards democracy when he stated that the pakistani coup was `` good news for the subcontinent . ''

USAT says that 92 of the 291 patients in the group evaluated exhibited the valve problems .
usat says that 92 of the 291 patients in the group evaluated [showed] the valve problems .

The right-wing pundits are incensed by the `` most expansive and extensive groveling and pandering '' ever exhibited by a U.S. president ( Pat Buchanan , The McLaughlin Group ) .
the right-wing pundits are incensed by the `` most expansive and extensive groveling and pandering '' ever [showed] by a u.s. president ( pat buchanan , the mclaughlin group ) .

Photographs of them have been published and exhibited , and they represent an important step in the transfer of aesthetic interest from the teapot -- with its long decorative history -- to the kettle , which genteel people had kept out of sight .
photographs of them have been published and [showed] , and they represent an important step in the transfer of aesthetic interest from the teapot -- with its long decorative history -- to the kettle , which genteel people had kept out of sight .

Personally , I 'm kind of relaxed about the whole thing , as I have never exhibited much skill at organizing either space or time .
personally , i 'm kind of relaxed about the whole thing , as i have never [showed] much skill at organizing either space or time .

The timing of this lavish show , which includes some paintings never before exhibited , could hardly be better .
the timing of this lavish show , which includes some paintings never before [showed] , could hardly be better .

An early cluster of smallish water lily paintings , two on circular canvases , that Monet exhibited in Paris in 1909 are almost saccharine in their placid beauty , visual equivalents of some of Debussy 's prettier preludes .
an early cluster of smallish water lily paintings , two on circular canvases , that monet [showed] in paris in 1909 are almost saccharine in their placid beauty , visual equivalents of some of debussy 's prettier preludes .

He criticized the vulgarity of the Nazi leadership but never exhibited any deeper opposition to its ideals .
he criticized the vulgarity of the nazi leadership but never [showed] any deeper opposition to its ideals .

He studied at the Art Students League , taught sporadically , and exhibited with various networks of artists , including one group who called themselves -- when one of their number left -- '' The Ten Who Are Nine . ''
he studied at the art students league , taught sporadically , and [showed] with various networks of artists , including one group who called themselves -- when one of their number left -- '' the ten who are nine . ''

After the gloomy events of the Prussian siege of Paris and the slaughter of the Commune that followed , the glistening countryscapes that Corot exhibited in 1872 seemed like a reaffirmation of La Belle France herself .
after the gloomy events of the prussian siege of paris and the slaughter of the commune that followed , the glistening countryscapes that corot [showed] in 1872 seemed like a reaffirmation of la belle france herself .

After his ritual immolation of the last -- in 1921 , at a show where he exhibited panels of pure red , yellow , and blue as a farewell gesture -- he was finally ready to begin reconstruction from the bottom , initially by way of collage .
after his ritual immolation of the last -- in 1921 , at a show where he [showed] panels of pure red , yellow , and blue as a farewell gesture -- he was finally ready to begin reconstruction from the bottom , initially by way of collage .

The paintings themselves have rarely been exhibited .
the paintings themselves have rarely been [showed] .

What surprised everyone was that he turned out to be a most charismatic campaigner , with a much more down-to-earth touch than Harriman ever exhibited .
what surprised everyone was that he turned out to be a most charismatic campaigner , with a much more down-to-earth touch than harriman ever [showed] .

From one point of view , Johns ' flags and targets derive from the famous ready-mades of Marcel Duchamp -- the urinal , the bicycle wheel , the snow shovel , all exhibited before 1920 .
from one point of view , johns ' flags and targets derive from the famous ready-mades of marcel duchamp -- the urinal , the bicycle wheel , the snow shovel , all [showed] before 1920 .

In 1974 , he exhibited a series of deathbed portraits of his father , a New York clothing retailer , which struck many viewers ( including Avedon 's son ) as an act of unchecked Oedipal hostility .
in 1974 , he [showed] a series of deathbed portraits of his father , a new york clothing retailer , which struck many viewers ( including avedon 's son ) as an act of unchecked oedipal hostility .

Though it has historically exhibited a modest liberal slant -- diminished in recent years -- Brookings thinks of itself as a scholarly institution devoted to objective research into public policy .
though it has historically [showed] a modest liberal slant -- diminished in recent years -- brookings thinks of itself as a scholarly institution devoted to objective research into public policy .

Arguments that Jews are a race of nefarious devils are still being published in the Middle East , and have been exhibited at Cairo 's book fair .
arguments that jews are a race of nefarious devils are still being published in the middle east , and have been [showed] at cairo 's book fair .

The New York Times says the Kurds ' violence exhibited `` extraordinary coordination , '' and the Los Angeles Times sees it as `` disciplined . ''
the new york times says the kurds ' violence [showed] `` extraordinary coordination , '' and the los angeles times sees it as `` disciplined . ''

In other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .
in other words , the paper [showed] the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .

Likewise , the original Onestis were usually honest and Bevilacquas ( bevi drink , acqua water ) usually sober , while Amantis ( amante lover ) usually exhibited a form of spiritual love that made them seem saintly , and Santillis ( santo sainted ) , Salvos ( salvare to save ) , Carideos ( cari dear , ' deo god ) , and Donadios ( dona given , dio god ) usually had special relationships with their maker .
likewise , the original onestis were usually honest and bevilacquas ( bevi drink , acqua water ) usually sober , while amantis ( amante lover ) usually [showed] a form of spiritual love that made them seem saintly , and santillis ( santo sainted ) , salvos ( salvare to save ) , carideos ( cari dear , ' deo god ) , and donadios ( dona given , dio god ) usually had special relationships with their maker .

Examination of the atrocious hyphenation exhibited by many typographers today is demonstration enough of the lack of interest in such affairs .
examination of the atrocious hyphenation [showed] by many typographers today is demonstration enough of the lack of interest in such affairs .

