The President recommended federal `` matching grants '' totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of existing ones .
the president recommended federal `` matching grants '' totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of [being] ones .

-- Encouraging by every means , all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches .
-- encouraging by every means , all [being] assemblies of god churches to start new churches .

The Continental League never got off the ground , but after two years it forced the existing majors to expand .
the continental league never got off the ground , but after two years it forced the [being] majors to expand .

Expressions of even low-key dissatisfaction by a Catholic college faculty member has the effect of confirming the already existing stereotype .
expressions of even low-key dissatisfaction by a catholic college faculty member has the effect of confirming the already [being] stereotype .

The collection may be in an existing library , or it may be built up in a central collection .
the collection may be in an [being] library , or it may be built up in a central collection .

Last , it makes no sense to deliver Katanga , the one reasonably solid territory , into the existing chaos .
last , it makes no sense to deliver katanga , the one reasonably solid territory , into the [being] chaos .

I concur that it is necessary for Americans to have a confrontation of the situation existing in foreign lands .
i concur that it is necessary for americans to have a confrontation of the situation [being] in foreign lands .

Now , not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at Oxford , but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-Catholic members of the University .
now , not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at oxford , but there are also numerous houses of religious orders [being] in respectable and friendly relations with the non-catholic members of the university .

The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences .
the [being] reverence for centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century b.c. , when the han emperor wu ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the center among the traditional five directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences .

His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy .
his immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the lo shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the [being] beliefs in the latter's efficacy .

Although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year , a number of new models and variations of existing models did hit the market .
although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year , a number of new models and variations of [being] models did hit the market .

The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use .
the same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few [being] recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use .

What are the existing recreation features ? ?
what are the [being] recreation features ? ?

Check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site .
check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already [being] at the site .

-- The existing plant growth calls for thorough checking .
-- the [being] plant growth calls for thorough checking .

How can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important ? ?
how can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older [being] outlets which are still important ? ?

Other THC activities followed , conducted by shopping centers , department stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio-TV stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources .
other thc activities followed , conducted by shopping centers , department stores , recreation equipment dealers , radio-tv stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need [being] to acquaint youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and appreciations related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources .

The essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing billboards is that the former , constructed of translucent plastic panels , are lighted from within .
the essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and [being] billboards is that the former , constructed of translucent plastic panels , are lighted from within .

The second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between Catholics and Non-Catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning .
the second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by emotionalism and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already [being] between catholics and non-catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning .

Only in one instance have we moved purposively and effectively to dislodge existing Communist power : in Guatemala .
only in one instance have we moved purposively and effectively to dislodge [being] communist power : in guatemala .

Observing that `` reforms sometimes begin with the contemplation of horrible examples '' , Hough catalogued the many abuses encouraged by existing procedures .
observing that `` reforms sometimes begin with the contemplation of horrible examples '' , hough catalogued the many abuses encouraged by [being] procedures .

Noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the strictures `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under existing rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent .
noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the strictures `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under [being] rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent .

So far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned , categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in Jewish-Gentile relationships ; ;
so far as the [being] body of formal principle and procedure is concerned , categorical novelties are not to be anticipated in jewish-gentile relationships ; ;

As one looks at the existing evidence , one finds a correlation , although only a slight one , between high grades and `` libertarian '' values .
as one looks at the [being] evidence , one finds a correlation , although only a slight one , between high grades and `` libertarian '' values .

Our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society , and , in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems , make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns .
our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the [being] institutions of the society , and , in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems , make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of legitimized responsibility for coping with such collective concerns .

The existing Army posts were wholly inadequate .
the [being] army posts were wholly inadequate .

While The Space Merchants indicates , as Kingsley Amis has correctly observed , some of the `` impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power '' and satirizes `` existing habits in the advertising profession '' , its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper .
while the space merchants indicates , as kingsley amis has correctly observed , some of the `` impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power '' and satirizes `` [being] habits in the advertising profession '' , its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper .

This financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax , or at least at the rates then existing , insufficient for their requirements .
this financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax , or at least at the rates then [being] , insufficient for their requirements .

each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the [being] and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .

Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water .
nothing in the act shall be construed to alter [being] law with respect to the ownership and control of water .

Despite the successful rehabilitation of over a half million disabled persons in the first eleven years after 1943 , the existing program was still seen to be inadequate to cope with the nation's backlog of an estimated two million disabled .
despite the successful rehabilitation of over a half million disabled persons in the first eleven years after 1943 , the [being] program was still seen to be inadequate to cope with the nation's backlog of an estimated two million disabled .

The problem for the city apartment dweller is primarily to plan the use of existing space .
the problem for the city apartment dweller is primarily to plan the use of [being] space .

Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? ?
can the president or the secretary act under [being] authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? ?

Perhaps existing Public Health Service , State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized .
perhaps [being] public health service , state department and armed services medical facilities can be utilized .

The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer .
the peace corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from [being] mutual security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer .

There would , however , be a variety of other skills -- medical , agricultural , engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to existing development projects .
there would , however , be a variety of other skills -- medical , agricultural , engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician helpers to [being] development projects .

This temporary Peace Corps is being established under existing authority in the Mutual Security Act and will be located in the Department of State .
this temporary peace corps is being established under [being] authority in the mutual security act and will be located in the department of state .

This organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work .
this organization will differ from [being] assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work .

About 26,500 miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads .
about 26,500 miles of [being] trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads .

Provide maintenance to full standards on the 268,900 miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period .
provide maintenance to full standards on the 268,900 miles of [being] access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period .

Such policy involves continuing effort to improve on existing mill equipment , in terms of efficiency and versatility .
such policy involves continuing effort to improve on [being] mill equipment , in terms of efficiency and versatility .

The Uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment ; ;
the uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than [being] equipment ; ;

The high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation .
the high heat fluxes [being] at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode ablation .

It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .
it may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to [being] tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .

He did build a framework of academic `` respectability '' , and one which did not encroach upon the `` sacred sovereignty '' of any other existing campus course .
he did build a framework of academic `` respectability '' , and one which did not encroach upon the `` sacred sovereignty '' of any other [being] campus course .

This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general .
this can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our [being] theories are insufficiently general .

Few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry .
few states make effective use of their [being] vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry .

There is a need for an expanded Federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs .
there is a need for an expanded federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in [being] programs .

There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job .
there is little evidence that [being] public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job .

First was the period of codification of existing law : the Code Napoleon in France and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from Austin's restatement and ordering of the Common Law in England .
first was the period of codification of [being] law : the code napoleon in france and the peculiar codification that , in fact , resulted from austin's restatement and ordering of the common law in england .

Still existing on a `` Northern Union '' telegraph form is a typical peremptory message from Peru grocer J. J. Hapgood to Burton and Graves' store in Manchester -- `` Get and send by stage four pounds best Porterhouse or serloin stake , for Mrs. Hapgood send six sweet oranges '' .
still [being] on a `` northern union '' telegraph form is a typical peremptory message from peru grocer j. j. hapgood to burton and graves' store in manchester -- `` get and send by stage four pounds best porterhouse or serloin stake , for mrs. hapgood send six sweet oranges '' .

It did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned .
it did not serve to contrast the [being] order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned .

Until internal combustion became cheap , he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an existing large community of lower-class homes .
until internal combustion became cheap , he had to be near a railroad siding and a trolley line or an [being] large community of lower-class homes .

It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .
it appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of [being] oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .

The anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate .
the anaerobic conditions in the [being] oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate .

It was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the existing oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development .
it was proposed that aerated lagoons be used to eliminate the problem at the [being] oxidation ponds and to provide the necessary treatment for the additional development .

The pilot lagoon was located as shown in Figure 1 to serve the area just south of the existing housing area .
the pilot lagoon was located as shown in figure 1 to serve the area just south of the [being] housing area .

Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions .
grab samples were collected from the [being] oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions .

This can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques .
this can be done to a high degree of accuracy by [being] surveying techniques .

She was the sun , he the closest planet orbiting around her , the rest of the world existing and visible yet removed .
she was the sun , he the closest planet orbiting around her , the rest of the world [being] and visible yet removed .

Under the new system all of those services would be put into the hands of three authorities within the existing county boundaries .
under the new system all of those services would be put into the hands of three authorities within the [being] county boundaries .

Several questions remain unanswered : would the police force be split into three at a time when the government is trying to rationalise the service . What would happen to the existing fire and Rescure cover ?
several questions remain unanswered : would the police force be split into three at a time when the government is trying to rationalise the service . what would happen to the [being] fire and rescure cover ?

That involves building one whole new carriageway at the side of the existing motorway .
that involves building one whole new carriageway at the side of the [being] motorway .

When he asked for an artificial leg for his newly amputated right leg he was told not only that he could n't have one , but he 'd also have to give up his existing left false leg , which he 'd had for six years .
when he asked for an artificial leg for his newly amputated right leg he was told not only that he could n't have one , but he 'd also have to give up his [being] left false leg , which he 'd had for six years .

Vegetation , like this tree found in the same area , suggests that the mammoths were existing in a climate at least a couple of degrees warmer than southern Britain has now .
vegetation , like this tree found in the same area , suggests that the mammoths were [being] in a climate at least a couple of degrees warmer than southern britain has now .

Protestors believe if necessary the path could run along the top of the weir across the river in Lechlade . They say improvement to that and the existing road bridge would remove the need for a new one altogether
protestors believe if necessary the path could run along the top of the weir across the river in lechlade . they say improvement to that and the [being] road bridge would remove the need for a new one altogether

Now though the present owners are re-building the house and plan to pull down all of the existing part .
now though the present owners are re-building the house and plan to pull down all of the [being] part .

Gloucestershire County Council maintains that the children are getting a proper education at their existing school :
gloucestershire county council maintains that the children are getting a proper education at their [being] school :

All planning authorities are now drawing up rules to prevent new homes being built in surrounding countryside , so what will happen in Swindon when existing sites are exhausted ?
all planning authorities are now drawing up rules to prevent new homes being built in surrounding countryside , so what will happen in swindon when [being] sites are exhausted ?

Nitto Albion , an Anglo Japanese Consortium , has been granted planning permission for the golf course , but pressure groups such as the Ramblers Association objected because existing paths would have to be diverted .
nitto albion , an anglo japanese consortium , has been granted planning permission for the golf course , but pressure groups such as the ramblers association objected because [being] paths would have to be diverted .

The developers should n't block off the existing paths until the outcome of that , following representations from Oxfordshire County Council .
the developers should n't block off the [being] paths until the outcome of that , following representations from oxfordshire county council .

Dowty 's existing business is concentrated in four areas : aerospace , electronic systems , polymer enginering , and information technology .
dowty 's [being] business is concentrated in four areas : aerospace , electronic systems , polymer enginering , and information technology .

The money could be better spent protecting existing wildlife areas .
the money could be better spent protecting [being] wildlife areas .

Our first duty is to our existing customers . ’
our first duty is to our [being] customers . ’

They believe they 've found a way to destroy cancer cells without the unpleasant side-effects produced by existing drugs .
they believe they 've found a way to destroy cancer cells without the unpleasant side-effects produced by [being] drugs .

Existing equipment gave unclear results and even top specialists frequently interpreted the available information differently .
[being] equipment gave unclear results and even top specialists frequently interpreted the available information differently .

The first day Benguiat accused him — Parkinson printed up this sheet as a handout with which the finished examples had the logos that he was exploring in the lectures and one of them was the New York Times magazine , and of course Benguiat had done the original job for the New York Times and the magazine , the other magazine , so he thought that what Parkinson was showing was an example of a redesign , relettering of an existing logo , and perhaps he should n't of said that , you know .
the first day benguiat accused him — parkinson printed up this sheet as a handout with which the finished examples had the logos that he was exploring in the lectures and one of them was the new york times magazine , and of course benguiat had done the original job for the new york times and the magazine , the other magazine , so he thought that what parkinson was showing was an example of a redesign , relettering of an [being] logo , and perhaps he should n't of said that , you know .

Paula was just saying he was in there doing , doing the doors , whatever doing the doors meant you know whether he 's actually putting them on or he 's ba is he , is he just putting them straight into the existing
paula was just saying he was in there doing , doing the doors , whatever doing the doors meant you know whether he 's actually putting them on or he 's ba is he , is he just putting them straight into the [being]

The committee was told a Kincardine Bridge replacement was likely within the next few years , but was a separate issue and all transport organisations plus the Scottish Office agreed a new crossing of the Forth near the existing bridge was essential .
the committee was told a kincardine bridge replacement was likely within the next few years , but was a separate issue and all transport organisations plus the scottish office agreed a new crossing of the forth near the [being] bridge was essential .

If reforms are based on an inadequate analysis of how the existing system actually works , if they ignore the advice of experienced professionals because of an ideology which dismisses them as self-interested , and if they rest on questionable economic and political assumptions , then policy messes , policy fiascos and policy failures are inevitable .
if reforms are based on an inadequate analysis of how the [being] system actually works , if they ignore the advice of experienced professionals because of an ideology which dismisses them as self-interested , and if they rest on questionable economic and political assumptions , then policy messes , policy fiascos and policy failures are inevitable .

Mr Wilson said yesterday that comments by the rail minister , Roger Freeman , completely contradict the impression given by the Transport Secretary , John MacGregor , that private operators would be obliged to take over the existing timetable .
mr wilson said yesterday that comments by the rail minister , roger freeman , completely contradict the impression given by the transport secretary , john macgregor , that private operators would be obliged to take over the [being] timetable .

The Government claims that measures in the directive — including the protection of the health and safety of young people under 18 who are in work — are not needed because existing legislation is satisfactory .
the government claims that measures in the directive — including the protection of the health and safety of young people under 18 who are in work — are not needed because [being] legislation is satisfactory .

Alison Cleland , a development worker with the Children 's Rights Development Unit , said that existing legislation had been shown to be completely ineffective in safeguarding young workers ' welfare .
alison cleland , a development worker with the children 's rights development unit , said that [being] legislation had been shown to be completely ineffective in safeguarding young workers ' welfare .

The water charges will be up to four times higher than the existing figure of £57 .
the water charges will be up to four times higher than the [being] figure of £57 .

Although some extra money has been allocated to help with the Government programme , the economists say that , generally , the intention appears to be that the initiatives to meet targets will be funded out of existing resources .
although some extra money has been allocated to help with the government programme , the economists say that , generally , the intention appears to be that the initiatives to meet targets will be funded out of [being] resources .

Our existing tenants are more than happy with the service they receive and we are confident that new tenants will be just as pleased .
our [being] tenants are more than happy with the service they receive and we are confident that new tenants will be just as pleased .

What changes had been made by the act ? Mrs Smith said that there was a presumption that parliament , when legislating , did not intend to depart from the existing common law unless it expressly said so .
what changes had been made by the act ? mrs smith said that there was a presumption that parliament , when legislating , did not intend to depart from the [being] common law unless it expressly said so .

The 1976 act had been designed not to diminish existing rights but to expand them .
the 1976 act had been designed not to diminish [being] rights but to expand them .

The voluntary code , which the industry has agreed to introduce by mid-March , would also extend the existing areas to be avoided around Shetland and impose a new area on the east coast and in the approaches to Lerwick .
the voluntary code , which the industry has agreed to introduce by mid-march , would also extend the [being] areas to be avoided around shetland and impose a new area on the east coast and in the approaches to lerwick .

Mr Clinton made no mention of any other countries joining in the operation , which he said would be co-ordinated with existing United Nations relief efforts .
mr clinton made no mention of any other countries joining in the operation , which he said would be co-ordinated with [being] united nations relief efforts .

According to the region , removing the existing districts would save about £4.4 million a year , which is equivalent to a cut of £62 in the council tax .
according to the region , removing the [being] districts would save about £4.4 million a year , which is equivalent to a cut of £62 in the council tax .

The plan would make a lot more sense if pedestrian crossing lights were introduced , but co-ordinated with other existing traffic lights from Teviot Place to the bottom of The Mound so as to reduce the number of stop-start cycles required by through traffic .
the plan would make a lot more sense if pedestrian crossing lights were introduced , but co-ordinated with other [being] traffic lights from teviot place to the bottom of the mound so as to reduce the number of stop-start cycles required by through traffic .

With Dunedin the figure is just £30 if you are an existing investor with the company , otherwise £250 , but for most unit trusts the minimum is £1,000 .
with dunedin the figure is just £30 if you are an [being] investor with the company , otherwise £250 , but for most unit trusts the minimum is £1,000 .

Unigate could now replace its existing fruit-juice operation , while the other speciality foods operations held out the prospect of future developments .
unigate could now replace its [being] fruit-juice operation , while the other speciality foods operations held out the prospect of future developments .

Ross Buckland , Unigate 's chief executive , said : ‘ The nature of Clifford 's operations makes it an exceptional fit : strengthening Unigate 's existing operations and offering benefits of integration and the prospect of further expansion of our food interests . ’
ross buckland , unigate 's chief executive , said : ‘ the nature of clifford 's operations makes it an exceptional fit : strengthening unigate 's [being] operations and offering benefits of integration and the prospect of further expansion of our food interests . ’

‘ The proposed merger ( between Airtours and Owners ) would be to the material detriment of existing and potential small tour operators and retailers , ’ said Thomas Cook in a submission to the Office of Fair Trading .
‘ the proposed merger ( between airtours and owners ) would be to the material detriment of [being] and potential small tour operators and retailers , ’ said thomas cook in a submission to the office of fair trading .

With a move to new premises which would double its audience capacity in a city not noted for enthusiastic theatre-going , the company needed to retain its existing audience while attracting new theatre go-ers to fill additional seats .
with a move to new premises which would double its audience capacity in a city not noted for enthusiastic theatre-going , the company needed to retain its [being] audience while attracting new theatre go-ers to fill additional seats .

Mr Justice Turner also said that a regulatory body — existing alongside the law — could be considered in dealing with some wrongdoers in the commercial field .
mr justice turner also said that a regulatory body — [being] alongside the law — could be considered in dealing with some wrongdoers in the commercial field .

The acquisition will boost Bowater 's annual sales of coated films and papers to the printing and office equipment industry from the £200 million generated by its existing Rexham subsidiary to £500 million .
the acquisition will boost bowater 's annual sales of coated films and papers to the printing and office equipment industry from the £200 million generated by its [being] rexham subsidiary to £500 million .

It also points out that creating this reserve by deducting 1 per cent quota from existing producers will be difficult , not to say impossible , for crofters with small numbers of cattle or sheep .
it also points out that creating this reserve by deducting 1 per cent quota from [being] producers will be difficult , not to say impossible , for crofters with small numbers of cattle or sheep .

On Thursday , Glaxo 's chief executive , Ernest Mario , appeared to rule out any blockbuster move into the over-the-counter market , preferring to downgrade some of the group 's existing drugs into that market .
on thursday , glaxo 's chief executive , ernest mario , appeared to rule out any blockbuster move into the over-the-counter market , preferring to downgrade some of the group 's [being] drugs into that market .

The complexity stems from the aim of being fair to everyone , particularly existing investors .
the complexity stems from the aim of being fair to everyone , particularly [being] investors .

The Danish industry was intent on developing existing production systems but was also looking at new systems such as group housing .
the danish industry was intent on developing [being] production systems but was also looking at new systems such as group housing .

Labtech 's founder and managing director , David Latham , said : ‘ The new factory will triple existing capacity , making us the world 's largest supplier of microwave circuit boards . ’
labtech 's founder and managing director , david latham , said : ‘ the new factory will triple [being] capacity , making us the world 's largest supplier of microwave circuit boards . ’

In fact , the total rise reflects two separate increases — the first is the actual rise in new additional funds brought in , while the second comprises the increase in existing funds arising from investment performance — which combine to make the whole .
in fact , the total rise reflects two separate increases — the first is the actual rise in new additional funds brought in , while the second comprises the increase in [being] funds arising from investment performance — which combine to make the whole .

The Trident dock is now unlikely to be built after Devonport bid £162 million for the refitting contract and Rosyth submitted an alternative £147 million proposal to upgrade its existing submarine docks .
the trident dock is now unlikely to be built after devonport bid £162 million for the refitting contract and rosyth submitted an alternative £147 million proposal to upgrade its [being] submarine docks .

‘ The housing market has gone into depression and dragged down the market for consumer durables too but money could be earmarked by the Chancellor to improve existing housing stock , ’ he said .
‘ the housing market has gone into depression and dragged down the market for consumer durables too but money could be earmarked by the chancellor to improve [being] housing stock , ’ he said .

In a letter to Darlington Town Hall , John Edwards , of the Conservation Group North , wrote : ‘ The proposed replacement building would be far more impersonal in this location and the loss of the existing buildings would detract from the quality of Salt Yard and the conservation area as a whole . ’
in a letter to darlington town hall , john edwards , of the conservation group north , wrote : ‘ the proposed replacement building would be far more impersonal in this location and the loss of the [being] buildings would detract from the quality of salt yard and the conservation area as a whole . ’

All the broken down buildings have gone , existing businesses have been hidden from 125mph prying eyes and replaced with pleasant trees and shrubs .
all the broken down buildings have gone , [being] businesses have been hidden from 125mph prying eyes and replaced with pleasant trees and shrubs .

In 1888 the York Street site was able to exhibit in Glasgow a revolutionary steel underframe to replace the existing timber supports for wagons and carriages , and the world of railways was very impressed .
in 1888 the york street site was able to exhibit in glasgow a revolutionary steel underframe to replace the [being] timber supports for wagons and carriages , and the world of railways was very impressed .

Innovative policies during the campaign raise doubts over existing policies , and raise questions over why reforms were n't introduced earlier .
innovative policies during the campaign raise doubts over [being] policies , and raise questions over why reforms were n't introduced earlier .

Owners of Walworth Castle Hotel , near Darlington , will now extend the west wing to provide another 36 bedrooms in addition to the existing 34 .
owners of walworth castle hotel , near darlington , will now extend the west wing to provide another 36 bedrooms in addition to the [being] 34 .

The second , more complex phase entails strengthening existing brickwork and roofing .
the second , more complex phase entails strengthening [being] brickwork and roofing .

He called for tougher action by police on motorists who illegally park in and around existing bus stops .
he called for tougher action by police on motorists who illegally park in and around [being] bus stops .

They are also worried that road damage caused by existing lorry movements will be made worse , and that there will be problems of noise and dust .
they are also worried that road damage caused by [being] lorry movements will be made worse , and that there will be problems of noise and dust .

The glass canopy , dating from when the property was used as a garage , and the existing facade would remain intact but the building behind would be demolished and rebuilt .
the glass canopy , dating from when the property was used as a garage , and the [being] facade would remain intact but the building behind would be demolished and rebuilt .

Conditions attached to the granting of planning permission included not demolishing the existing building until work was ready to begin on rebuilding .
conditions attached to the granting of planning permission included not demolishing the [being] building until work was ready to begin on rebuilding .

Councillors approved plans for flats at North View Engineering Works , Harris Street , after hearing from people living in nearby Melsonby Crescent that the existing site was a disgrace .
councillors approved plans for flats at north view engineering works , harris street , after hearing from people living in nearby melsonby crescent that the [being] site was a disgrace .

Also , replacing 16 existing district authorities with perhaps six larger bodies would make it more difficult for health managers to identify with particular communities and their needs .
also , replacing 16 [being] district authorities with perhaps six larger bodies would make it more difficult for health managers to identify with particular communities and their needs .

Scores of existing officers will be released for active duty by the creation of a police civil service .
scores of [being] officers will be released for active duty by the creation of a police civil service .

‘ The rents-to-mortgage scheme would allow tenants to buy at least half their property from day one by paying the existing rent . ’
‘ the rents-to-mortgage scheme would allow tenants to buy at least half their property from day one by paying the [being] rent . ’

The rents-to-mortgages scheme would allow tenants to buy at least half their property from day one , simply by paying the existing rent .
the rents-to-mortgages scheme would allow tenants to buy at least half their property from day one , simply by paying the [being] rent .

The road is totally unsuitable to serve a further housing development which would be better accessed by the originally proposed route along the existing footpath east of Bellburn Lane .
the road is totally unsuitable to serve a further housing development which would be better accessed by the originally proposed route along the [being] footpath east of bellburn lane .

Excavations will pollute the existing Bellburn Lane dwellings and fertiliser residue will create an extremely unhealthy environment for those in the proposed new houses .
excavations will pollute the [being] bellburn lane dwellings and fertiliser residue will create an extremely unhealthy environment for those in the proposed new houses .

The developers hope it will link with the existing Magnetic Imaging Centre , which already operates a sophisticated body scanner .
the developers hope it will link with the [being] magnetic imaging centre , which already operates a sophisticated body scanner .

Working outside the areas covered by the existing Teesside Development Corporation , the proposed new Urban Regeneration Agency would reclaim derelict land and earmark suitable sites for redevelopment , he said .
working outside the areas covered by the [being] teesside development corporation , the proposed new urban regeneration agency would reclaim derelict land and earmark suitable sites for redevelopment , he said .

Perhaps these people feel , as do members of the local communities , that the coastline would not be in such urgent need of ‘ protection ’ were it not for the imminent threat of creation of a housing development , larger than the existing village of Dirleton , adjacent to it .
perhaps these people feel , as do members of the local communities , that the coastline would not be in such urgent need of ‘ protection ’ were it not for the imminent threat of creation of a housing development , larger than the [being] village of dirleton , adjacent to it .

John Foster , who was the first director of the Countryside Commission for Scotland , said existing provisions would never secure public access over mountain areas .
john foster , who was the first director of the countryside commission for scotland , said [being] provisions would never secure public access over mountain areas .

One other proposal is to reinforce Hunter Square behind Tron Kirk as an urban node by closing down car access from Blair Street and by sinking the existing public toilet below ground .
one other proposal is to reinforce hunter square behind tron kirk as an urban node by closing down car access from blair street and by sinking the [being] public toilet below ground .

The most successful of all proposals in the exhibition is to leave the existing building-mounted street lighting alone .
the most successful of all proposals in the exhibition is to leave the [being] building-mounted street lighting alone .

Unfortunately the same can not be said of the decision to persevere with the existing range of street furniture .
unfortunately the same can not be said of the decision to persevere with the [being] range of street furniture .

Tests on existing family members have helped locate the gene to a region of chromosome 17 .
tests on [being] family members have helped locate the gene to a region of chromosome 17 .

‘ We have announced over recent weeks a range of policies that are specifically geared to improve the prospects for manufacturing , both the efficiency of existing manufacturing and widening the manufacturing base . ’
‘ we have announced over recent weeks a range of policies that are specifically geared to improve the prospects for manufacturing , both the efficiency of [being] manufacturing and widening the manufacturing base . ’

On the civil side , he suggested that all divorce custody and access disputes could be removed from the confrontational atmosphere of the existing courts to a family mediation court .
on the civil side , he suggested that all divorce custody and access disputes could be removed from the confrontational atmosphere of the [being] courts to a family mediation court .

In the lifetime of the current Westminster parliament , it appears inconceivable that the Government will go beyond its existing words to entreat Sinn Fein to parley .
in the lifetime of the current westminster parliament , it appears inconceivable that the government will go beyond its [being] words to entreat sinn fein to parley .

However , in comments which appeared to reflect official reluctance to establish a full-scale review , the department emphasised the scale of existing activity on a whole range of related issues .
however , in comments which appeared to reflect official reluctance to establish a full-scale review , the department emphasised the scale of [being] activity on a whole range of related issues .

The football club will now remove existing terracing and erect three grandstands to meet the Taylor Report demand that grounds be all-seated by August 1994 .
the football club will now remove [being] terracing and erect three grandstands to meet the taylor report demand that grounds be all-seated by august 1994 .

Hearts , who have been at Tynecastle since 1886 , decided to redevelop their existing stadium after plans to move to a greenfield site at Hermiston or Millerhill had been rejected by Lothian Regional Council .
hearts , who have been at tynecastle since 1886 , decided to redevelop their [being] stadium after plans to move to a greenfield site at hermiston or millerhill had been rejected by lothian regional council .

The pitch will be moved 15 feet closer to the existing stand and the dimensions increased so that the ground will meet all the requirements needed to stage international fixtures .
the pitch will be moved 15 feet closer to the [being] stand and the dimensions increased so that the ground will meet all the requirements needed to stage international fixtures .

Individual shareholders will continue to have their transactions settled through the existing Talisman system , which issues share certificates and transfer forms .
individual shareholders will continue to have their transactions settled through the [being] talisman system , which issues share certificates and transfer forms .

If you are concerned about death benefits , you should certainly consider an alteration to your existing policy to change it into a plan which meets your needs .
if you are concerned about death benefits , you should certainly consider an alteration to your [being] policy to change it into a plan which meets your needs .

Like other parts of Grampian , pressure on existing housing supply is making access very difficult , particularly for families , single people and the homeless .
like other parts of grampian , pressure on [being] housing supply is making access very difficult , particularly for families , single people and the homeless .

While the changes may go some way to prolong the life of existing fields , there are fears that it could discourage the development of new ones .
while the changes may go some way to prolong the life of [being] fields , there are fears that it could discourage the development of new ones .

Derek Wanless , group chief executive , said : ‘ By increasing the maximum loan available for existing businesses to £250,000 , the Chancellor has substantially enhanced the impact of the scheme . ’
derek wanless , group chief executive , said : ‘ by increasing the maximum loan available for [being] businesses to £250,000 , the chancellor has substantially enhanced the impact of the scheme . ’

That will mean a four-fold rise in the cost of new exploration wells to companies which have interests in existing oilfields and could stop the practice of stakes in older oilfields being bought as a tax shelter by smaller independent oil companies wanting to financing exploration plans .
that will mean a four-fold rise in the cost of new exploration wells to companies which have interests in [being] oilfields and could stop the practice of stakes in older oilfields being bought as a tax shelter by smaller independent oil companies wanting to financing exploration plans .

Outlining the proposals , which will be put in writing to the Bank of England task force set up in to pick up the pieces after Taurus , Mr Pearson said the key point was that any new system should focus solely on the professional market — leaving the private shareholder with paper certificates and the existing fortnightly settlement system .
outlining the proposals , which will be put in writing to the bank of england task force set up in to pick up the pieces after taurus , mr pearson said the key point was that any new system should focus solely on the professional market — leaving the private shareholder with paper certificates and the [being] fortnightly settlement system .

Mr Simon , however , said he believed the changes would encourage additional investment in existing oilfields and raise the prospects of extending their productive life .
mr simon , however , said he believed the changes would encourage additional investment in [being] oilfields and raise the prospects of extending their productive life .

On Friday , Drayton Asia offered its investors a choice between an existing unit trust and a new split capital investment trust , a move designed to defeat Dragon 's bid .
on friday , drayton asia offered its investors a choice between an [being] unit trust and a new split capital investment trust , a move designed to defeat dragon 's bid .

Two teams of computer specialists are now at work , one to try and make sure the department 's existing system can cope , the second to have a new computer system at work from 1 January next year .
two teams of computer specialists are now at work , one to try and make sure the department 's [being] system can cope , the second to have a new computer system at work from 1 january next year .

‘ The ambition is certainly not to go along at the existing size , growing by 5 per cent a year .
‘ the ambition is certainly not to go along at the [being] size , growing by 5 per cent a year .

The challenge for Haagen-Dazs was to lift market perceptions even further than the existing boutique brands , like New England and Loseley , had been able to do .
the challenge for haagen-dazs was to lift market perceptions even further than the [being] boutique brands , like new england and loseley , had been able to do .

He also pointed out that some ‘ satellite ’ oilfields , which are linked to processing plant on older platforms , could face higher costs through the ending of an allowance on tariff receipts , discouraging the use of existing pipelines and other infrastructure .
he also pointed out that some ‘ satellite ’ oilfields , which are linked to processing plant on older platforms , could face higher costs through the ending of an allowance on tariff receipts , discouraging the use of [being] pipelines and other infrastructure .

The expansion includes fitting the latest pollution control equipment to both the existing and new production lines at a cost of £3.5 million to allow the plant to meet stricter legislation due to be implemented in 1996 .
the expansion includes fitting the latest pollution control equipment to both the [being] and new production lines at a cost of £3.5 million to allow the plant to meet stricter legislation due to be implemented in 1996 .

The existing rebate system is geared to the needs of the most vulnerable in society , but for those at the income margin the full impact of the tax charges are brought to bear at relatively low levels of income .
the [being] rebate system is geared to the needs of the most vulnerable in society , but for those at the income margin the full impact of the tax charges are brought to bear at relatively low levels of income .

Claiming that the full impact of the transitional proposals had not been fully appreciated , Mr Gourlay said : ‘ If these changes are implemented , several of our members will have to reconsider their obligations under existing licences and their applications under the 14th round . ’
claiming that the full impact of the transitional proposals had not been fully appreciated , mr gourlay said : ‘ if these changes are implemented , several of our members will have to reconsider their obligations under [being] licences and their applications under the 14th round . ’

Under the management committee plan , the existing 12-12-14 set-up would remain in place next season .
under the management committee plan , the [being] 12-12-14 set-up would remain in place next season .

How each existing club will adapt to this remains to be seen , but clear messages for more non-competitive activity came across , including the civilising of premises where necessary .
how each [being] club will adapt to this remains to be seen , but clear messages for more non-competitive activity came across , including the civilising of premises where necessary .

Meanwhile , the service is winding down — existing clients will finish their counselling by the end of April and no new ones are being taken on .
meanwhile , the service is winding down — [being] clients will finish their counselling by the end of april and no new ones are being taken on .

Temple defined the relationships which constituted our real wealth as existing in terms of family , community and nation .
temple defined the relationships which constituted our real wealth as [being] in terms of family , community and nation .

He said the existing system was a throwback to the days when each borough ran its own affairs and added that for much of the time the heavy rescue unit could only be used if firemen were taken off other machines .
he said the [being] system was a throwback to the days when each borough ran its own affairs and added that for much of the time the heavy rescue unit could only be used if firemen were taken off other machines .

The second , and more complex , phase entails strengthening existing brickwork and roofing .
the second , and more complex , phase entails strengthening [being] brickwork and roofing .

The spinal column and the neck take enough punishment with the existing road surfaces without having speed humps inflicted on them .
the spinal column and the neck take enough punishment with the [being] road surfaces without having speed humps inflicted on them .

Staff for the units are being provided by reducing the number of staff per pupil at existing nursery schools and units in the county .
staff for the units are being provided by reducing the number of staff per pupil at [being] nursery schools and units in the county .

As a result of the decision , which was handed down by a judge in Newcastle , the holders of all Ministry Licences could successfully contest the termination date of existing agreements .
as a result of the decision , which was handed down by a judge in newcastle , the holders of all ministry licences could successfully contest the termination date of [being] agreements .

But they have requested the two-storey shop units in Clark 's Yard are not used for the same type of shops already there , to prevent competition for existing business .
but they have requested the two-storey shop units in clark 's yard are not used for the same type of shops already there , to prevent competition for [being] business .

It is not known how any new chief executive will liaise with existing district managers .
it is not known how any new chief executive will liaise with [being] district managers .

Mr Smith , who drew up the report into purchasing powers , said the moves did not mean the end of existing district health authorities .
mr smith , who drew up the report into purchasing powers , said the moves did not mean the end of [being] district health authorities .

Mrs Holland stressed any changes to the existing system would require close consultation with the trade .
mrs holland stressed any changes to the [being] system would require close consultation with the trade .

Mr Harris said existing laws governing when children could go into pubs were confused and needed to be clarified .
mr harris said [being] laws governing when children could go into pubs were confused and needed to be clarified .

From Wednesday people allowing their dogs to stray will have to pay a new fee of £25 on top of the existing boarding charges if they want to retrieve their animal .
from wednesday people allowing their dogs to stray will have to pay a new fee of £25 on top of the [being] boarding charges if they want to retrieve their animal .

The developer hopes it would link with the existing Magnetic Imaging Centre , which already operates a sophisticated body scanner .
the developer hopes it would link with the [being] magnetic imaging centre , which already operates a sophisticated body scanner .

‘ These cones are environmentally friendly and reduce the pressure on existing landfill sites , ’ she said .
‘ these cones are environmentally friendly and reduce the pressure on [being] landfill sites , ’ she said .

The pictures show an artist 's impression of how the road signs of the future might look with the brighter display offering information about hazards ahead and how best to avoid them and a more traditional display , similar to existing road signs , for use in normal traffic conditions .
the pictures show an artist 's impression of how the road signs of the future might look with the brighter display offering information about hazards ahead and how best to avoid them and a more traditional display , similar to [being] road signs , for use in normal traffic conditions .

According to D'Angelo , the festival will also offer existing venues the opportunity to bring in new audiences whom they may then attract on a more regular basis for their standard programming .
according to d'angelo , the festival will also offer [being] venues the opportunity to bring in new audiences whom they may then attract on a more regular basis for their standard programming .

It will run from this summer , when the Scotland midfielder 's existing agreement expires .
it will run from this summer , when the scotland midfielder 's [being] agreement expires .

She is one of many young researchers involved with the Expedicion Humana 1992 programme run by the Javeriana University in Bogota , which , in turn , is part of a worldwide project supported by the Royal Geographic Society to track down and codify the enormous body of information still existing in traditional native cultures worldwide .
she is one of many young researchers involved with the expedicion humana 1992 programme run by the javeriana university in bogota , which , in turn , is part of a worldwide project supported by the royal geographic society to track down and codify the enormous body of information still [being] in traditional native cultures worldwide .

He argued that our existing governmental arrangements are inimical to forging a sense of fraternity .
he argued that our [being] governmental arrangements are inimical to forging a sense of fraternity .

Perhaps the nation 's mood would be cheerier if we simply had someone else in charge of our existing institutions ?
perhaps the nation 's mood would be cheerier if we simply had someone else in charge of our [being] institutions ?

He added the presence of a nursing home would have a long-term effect both on the future development of existing firms in the area and those wishing to locate on land earmarked specifically for industrial purposes .
he added the presence of a nursing home would have a long-term effect both on the future development of [being] firms in the area and those wishing to locate on land earmarked specifically for industrial purposes .

The Tourism Section offers an equal opportunity to all existing eligible places to take part in its promotional campaigns and to benefit from advice which the Economic Development Unit may offer .
the tourism section offers an equal opportunity to all [being] eligible places to take part in its promotional campaigns and to benefit from advice which the economic development unit may offer .

The existing four-year exclusive index linked arrangement with the Football League , worth around £50m , was for 18 live League games plus three Rumbelows Cup ties a season .
the [being] four-year exclusive index linked arrangement with the football league , worth around £50m , was for 18 live league games plus three rumbelows cup ties a season .

Seats , particularly if they are the bucket-type and simply plonked on existing terracing , can give a bad view in an uncomfortable position at a higher cost .
seats , particularly if they are the bucket-type and simply plonked on [being] terracing , can give a bad view in an uncomfortable position at a higher cost .

From that date people allowing their dogs to stray will have to pay a new £25 fee on top of existing boarding fee if they want to retrieve them .
from that date people allowing their dogs to stray will have to pay a new £25 fee on top of [being] boarding fee if they want to retrieve them .

The proposals as reported to the planning applications sub-committee on January 8 will reduce the existing 225-space car park to 150 spaces during weekdays ( ie to two-thirds its present size ) and to 208 spaces on Saturdays ( ie to over four-fifths its present size ) .
the proposals as reported to the planning applications sub-committee on january 8 will reduce the [being] 225-space car park to 150 spaces during weekdays ( ie to two-thirds its present size ) and to 208 spaces on saturdays ( ie to over four-fifths its present size ) .

She said that existing vicars would keep their right to stay in their parish until they were 65 but as soon as a parish became vacant the priest-in-charge system would be introduced .
she said that [being] vicars would keep their right to stay in their parish until they were 65 but as soon as a parish became vacant the priest-in-charge system would be introduced .

‘ The most popular tartans are the more classical blue and white ranges which tend to match existing tableware colours .
‘ the most popular tartans are the more classical blue and white ranges which tend to match [being] tableware colours .

It was important , too , that we took time to understand the existing strengths of the Festival , while examining how we should be trying to position it in the future to maximise audiences .
it was important , too , that we took time to understand the [being] strengths of the festival , while examining how we should be trying to position it in the future to maximise audiences .

Its existing church , the 101year-old St Cecilia 's , on the junction of Chambers Lane and Mold Road , is too small to cope with a growing congregation and can not be extended .
its [being] church , the 101year-old st cecilia 's , on the junction of chambers lane and mold road , is too small to cope with a growing congregation and can not be extended .

The parish has already looked into the possibility of extending the existing church , but we 've been advised by Delyn that such an application would be rejected because of lack of parking facilities .
the parish has already looked into the possibility of extending the [being] church , but we 've been advised by delyn that such an application would be rejected because of lack of parking facilities .

Firms have not boosted their exports as they could have done but have simply increased their profit margins on existing sales .
firms have not boosted their exports as they could have done but have simply increased their profit margins on [being] sales .

The family-owned firm has its head office in Sefton Street and existing production facilities nearby .
the family-owned firm has its head office in sefton street and [being] production facilities nearby .

Apart from the existing roundabout near Rhuddlan Golf Club , another is nearing completion outside the Sainsbury 's store .
apart from the [being] roundabout near rhuddlan golf club , another is nearing completion outside the sainsbury 's store .

The £2.8m expansion at Wrexham Wire Company will involve the construction of a 45,000 sq ft factory close to the firm 's existing plant which employs 92 people on the town 's industrial estate .
the £2.8m expansion at wrexham wire company will involve the construction of a 45,000 sq ft factory close to the firm 's [being] plant which employs 92 people on the town 's industrial estate .

The guidelines make it clear it is council policy not to permit golf development if it involves new buildings or associated development in the open countryside , and is unrelated to existing settlements .
the guidelines make it clear it is council policy not to permit golf development if it involves new buildings or associated development in the open countryside , and is unrelated to [being] settlements .

Ballymena Division Warden Street , Ballymena — single lane traffic on existing one-way street .
ballymena division warden street , ballymena — single lane traffic on [being] one-way street .

Manweb wants to erect low voltage lines on wooden posts at Nantmor , near Beddgelert , agreeing at the same time to dismantle the existing line .
manweb wants to erect low voltage lines on wooden posts at nantmor , near beddgelert , agreeing at the same time to dismantle the [being] line .

The project , based at Aigburth Road , Liverpool , has now launched a new drive to increase the number of companies involved and develop 100 existing links .
the project , based at aigburth road , liverpool , has now launched a new drive to increase the number of companies involved and develop 100 [being] links .

The existing large border has been improved and money kindly donated by a number of well-wishers was spent on specimen trees and shrubs for ground cover .
the [being] large border has been improved and money kindly donated by a number of well-wishers was spent on specimen trees and shrubs for ground cover .

‘ Down 's syndrome ’ ) which may affect the mother or existing children .
‘ down 's syndrome ’ ) which may affect the mother or [being] children .

— Tim 's paper saw career development only in terms of promotion and not within people 's existing jobs
— tim 's paper saw career development only in terms of promotion and not within people 's [being] jobs

( iii ) New phases of funding requested from existing partners
( iii ) new phases of funding requested from [being] partners

( iv ) One-off requests from existing partners
( iv ) one-off requests from [being] partners

new applications from existing partners
new applications from [being] partners

New applications from existing partners
new applications from [being] partners

Nevertheless , we need still more of you to encourage every Medau enthusiast or supporter to join the Society as a demonstration of faith in the lasting appeal of Medau work and the quality of training necessary to produce new teachers , both to maintain existing classes and to launch new ones , throughout the country .
nevertheless , we need still more of you to encourage every medau enthusiast or supporter to join the society as a demonstration of faith in the lasting appeal of medau work and the quality of training necessary to produce new teachers , both to maintain [being] classes and to launch new ones , throughout the country .

It was found that even existing shareholders had had a very limited knowledge of the savings schemes that investment trusts offer .
it was found that even [being] shareholders had had a very limited knowledge of the savings schemes that investment trusts offer .

While the functions of the primary and secondary markets differ it is no accident that the financial institutions participating in them are often the same , because an efficient secondary market , in which existing securities can be bought or sold easily , contributes in several important ways to the strength of the primary market .
while the functions of the primary and secondary markets differ it is no accident that the financial institutions participating in them are often the same , because an efficient secondary market , in which [being] securities can be bought or sold easily , contributes in several important ways to the strength of the primary market .

While most institutions can rely on borrowing for short periods , the risk associated with underwriting would be greatly increased if institutions were unable to dispose of their existing assets quickly to provide cash ( or repay short-term borrowing ) should it prove necessary .
while most institutions can rely on borrowing for short periods , the risk associated with underwriting would be greatly increased if institutions were unable to dispose of their [being] assets quickly to provide cash ( or repay short-term borrowing ) should it prove necessary .

Table 11.1 shows that £24 billion of equity has been raised ( both new equity and to existing shareholders ) between 1985 — 1989 , the majority in privatisations with £16.6 billion , with the largest single method being offer for sale at £5.8 billion .
table 11.1 shows that £24 billion of equity has been raised ( both new equity and to [being] shareholders ) between 1985 — 1989 , the majority in privatisations with £16.6 billion , with the largest single method being offer for sale at £5.8 billion .

Hall ( 1987 ) argues that most regulation is simply added on to existing frameworks ( often as the result of specific frauds or crises ) rather than building up new systems , and that the efficiency of regulation suffers as a result and costs escalate .
hall ( 1987 ) argues that most regulation is simply added on to [being] frameworks ( often as the result of specific frauds or crises ) rather than building up new systems , and that the efficiency of regulation suffers as a result and costs escalate .

Its interest in maintaining ‘ sheer physical order and political peace ’ ( 30 ) may lead it to act against existing economic interests and class structure ; moreover , its involvement with other states is a basis for potential autonomy of action over and against groups and economic arrangements within its jurisdiction .
its interest in maintaining ‘ sheer physical order and political peace ’ ( 30 ) may lead it to act against [being] economic interests and class structure ; moreover , its involvement with other states is a basis for potential autonomy of action over and against groups and economic arrangements within its jurisdiction .

The ensuing changes have not taken place in a vacuum , but have had to take account of existing industrial relations institutions and practices .
the ensuing changes have not taken place in a vacuum , but have had to take account of [being] industrial relations institutions and practices .

Thus priority is given to existing employees in the allocation of individuals to posts , and entry points to the system are at the lowest level of any particular hierarchy .
thus priority is given to [being] employees in the allocation of individuals to posts , and entry points to the system are at the lowest level of any particular hierarchy .

In the case of a totally sealed labour market , new employees would only be drawn from the families of existing staff , and efforts would be made to ensure that individuals did not seek places outside the firm .
in the case of a totally sealed labour market , new employees would only be drawn from the families of [being] staff , and efforts would be made to ensure that individuals did not seek places outside the firm .

This climate severely limited the ability of opposition groups to mobilize within the existing vertical structure , although they did have some success in getting their candidates elected as workplace representatives and as members of the company council .
this climate severely limited the ability of opposition groups to mobilize within the [being] vertical structure , although they did have some success in getting their candidates elected as workplace representatives and as members of the company council .

Existing prewar schemes were generally restored or consolidated .
[being] prewar schemes were generally restored or consolidated .

So competition for markets from the cheaper products made on newly installed machinery would hold price increases down to the existing rate .
so competition for markets from the cheaper products made on newly installed machinery would hold price increases down to the [being] rate .

Trade unions , strengthened by high demand for labour , secured money wage increases which , given the existing inflation rate , exceeded those required to generate sufficient extra scrapping .
trade unions , strengthened by high demand for labour , secured money wage increases which , given the [being] inflation rate , exceeded those required to generate sufficient extra scrapping .

The further diminution of the role of gold amounted , then , to little more than a recognition of the existing situation .
the further diminution of the role of gold amounted , then , to little more than a recognition of the [being] situation .

Of course , no foreign central bank was compelled to hold a single additional dollar — indeed , they could have unloaded part of their existing holdings .
of course , no foreign central bank was compelled to hold a single additional dollar — indeed , they could have unloaded part of their [being] holdings .

It raised input costs , thereby tending to reduce profitability and intensifying the pressure on industry to raise prices ( much fixed capital could no longer be operated profitably at existing output prices ) .
it raised input costs , thereby tending to reduce profitability and intensifying the pressure on industry to raise prices ( much fixed capital could no longer be operated profitably at [being] output prices ) .

Adopting such a policy demands a fundamental change on a global scale , but its proposers , the Rev Guto Prys ap Gwynfor and the Rev Sin Alun , say belief in democratic rights is incompatible with support for the continuation of existing national states .
adopting such a policy demands a fundamental change on a global scale , but its proposers , the rev guto prys ap gwynfor and the rev sin alun , say belief in democratic rights is incompatible with support for the continuation of [being] national states .

They urge churches worldwide to stress the rights of every nation and begin to create a climate of opinion leading to the disentegration of existing states , establishing instead a different world order .
they urge churches worldwide to stress the rights of every nation and begin to create a climate of opinion leading to the disentegration of [being] states , establishing instead a different world order .

Mr Hamer said existing slaughterhouses were struggling to get sufficient lambs to keep existing plant operating at full capacity and that the Fortex development would be a case of job re-allocation rather than job creation .
mr hamer said [being] slaughterhouses were struggling to get sufficient lambs to keep [being] plant operating at full capacity and that the fortex development would be a case of job re-allocation rather than job creation .

It involves lowering the existing lake in Albert Park , constructing a new one in the south eastern corner of the park where the children 's playground is at present , and diverting Marton West Beck into the new lake as a buried overflow pipe .
it involves lowering the [being] lake in albert park , constructing a new one in the south eastern corner of the park where the children 's playground is at present , and diverting marton west beck into the new lake as a buried overflow pipe .

Wildlife will find a haven on a new island and access to the existing ones will be maintained .
wildlife will find a haven on a new island and access to the [being] ones will be maintained .

Money for the repair of existing footpaths which are to be be retained , landscaping and street lighting would have to be sought from other sources .
money for the repair of [being] footpaths which are to be be retained , landscaping and street lighting would have to be sought from other sources .

Only this week Mr Devlin suggested a third option which would bypass his constituency completely and follow the existing 275,000-volt line along Billingham Beck valley and ecology park .
only this week mr devlin suggested a third option which would bypass his constituency completely and follow the [being] 275,000-volt line along billingham beck valley and ecology park .

While this section had attracted fewer objections and replaced an existing cable , campaigners were angry no inquiry had been called .
while this section had attracted fewer objections and replaced an [being] cable , campaigners were angry no inquiry had been called .

Although it is not known if the move will put off potential customers for the Cornmill , there are already fears an existing severe shortage of parking spaces threatens the future prosperity of Darlington 's town centre .
although it is not known if the move will put off potential customers for the cornmill , there are already fears an [being] severe shortage of parking spaces threatens the future prosperity of darlington 's town centre .

And with existing sites under threat , traders , politicians and residents are urging the problem be tackled as a matter of urgency .
and with [being] sites under threat , traders , politicians and residents are urging the problem be tackled as a matter of urgency .

One alternative , known as the Southern Option , follows an existing pylon line for about half its route , then deviates southwards around Nunthorpe .
one alternative , known as the southern option , follows an [being] pylon line for about half its route , then deviates southwards around nunthorpe .

Mr Hooke says he finds it hard to imagine that a company as large as Raytheon would propose a £250m takeover without knowing how Corporate Jets would fit into its existing operations .
mr hooke says he finds it hard to imagine that a company as large as raytheon would propose a £250m takeover without knowing how corporate jets would fit into its [being] operations .

Existing shareholders and employees will get the same incentives as the public as well as special treatment on allocation .
[being] shareholders and employees will get the same incentives as the public as well as special treatment on allocation .

Increased national coverage would add to the benefits currently provided to the tour operating business by the existing chain .
increased national coverage would add to the benefits currently provided to the tour operating business by the [being] chain .

‘ The centre is a splendid facility that allows the existing businessperson who wants to grow all the possible advice he or she may need , ’ said Sir Terence .
‘ the centre is a splendid facility that allows the [being] businessperson who wants to grow all the possible advice he or she may need , ’ said sir terence .

The 65 stretch down the eastern side of the country from Tyneside to Lincolnshire , and mix well with the company 's existing network .
the 65 stretch down the eastern side of the country from tyneside to lincolnshire , and mix well with the company 's [being] network .

Coun David Walsh is worried about the impact on existing shopping facilities and the possible huge increase in traffic .
coun david walsh is worried about the impact on [being] shopping facilities and the possible huge increase in traffic .

‘ The Co-Op proposals could run contrary to the structure plan because of the likely impact on existing shops at Marton , Coulby Newham , Middles-brough itself and possibly even Great Ayton .
‘ the co-op proposals could run contrary to the structure plan because of the likely impact on [being] shops at marton , coulby newham , middles-brough itself and possibly even great ayton .

‘ We are always anxious to encourage new developments and new jobs to Cleveland , but any project has to be judged on its potential impact on existing shops and jobs and traffic , ’ added Coun Walsh .
‘ we are always anxious to encourage new developments and new jobs to cleveland , but any project has to be judged on its potential impact on [being] shops and jobs and traffic , ’ added coun walsh .

Smith 's existing Darlington town centre store , in Queen Street , is likely to be taken over by its record and video retailing arm Our Price .
smith 's [being] darlington town centre store , in queen street , is likely to be taken over by its record and video retailing arm our price .

It plans to invest £1m in its existing Middlesbrough studio which will produce a Northern Life style programme for the south of the region .
it plans to invest £1m in its [being] middlesbrough studio which will produce a northern life style programme for the south of the region .

The existing shares took the news well and were at 183p .
the [being] shares took the news well and were at 183p .

The company said it would mean a pay cut of about 10pc , as sacked workers would be rehired at an existing union-agreed ‘ new worker ’ rate .
the company said it would mean a pay cut of about 10pc , as sacked workers would be rehired at an [being] union-agreed ‘ new worker ’ rate .

‘ We have expanded rapidly over the past few years and have now outgrown our existing factory , ’ said David Gray , chairman and managing director of the Saltofix Group .
‘ we have expanded rapidly over the past few years and have now outgrown our [being] factory , ’ said david gray , chairman and managing director of the saltofix group .

‘ Approval of these plans will enable us to retain and build on our existing workforce , which is what we want to do , otherwise we would have to find a completely new site , probably out of Wales , too far away for most of our existing employees . ’
‘ approval of these plans will enable us to retain and build on our [being] workforce , which is what we want to do , otherwise we would have to find a completely new site , probably out of wales , too far away for most of our [being] employees . ’

Miss Armstrong said plans to build more CTCs would be scrapped and control of the existing colleges handed to local education authorities .
miss armstrong said plans to build more ctcs would be scrapped and control of the [being] colleges handed to local education authorities .

Miss Armstrong said Labour wanted to work alongside the existing CTCs to bring them within the mainstream education system .
miss armstrong said labour wanted to work alongside the [being] ctcs to bring them within the mainstream education system .

The new SuperSprinter trains will replace many of the existing Pacers between Saltburn , Redcar , Middlesbrough and Darlington , with the number of trains running on the Darlington to Saltburn line also being increased .
the new supersprinter trains will replace many of the [being] pacers between saltburn , redcar , middlesbrough and darlington , with the number of trains running on the darlington to saltburn line also being increased .

Planned tourist features like the Tees Barrage , the Hartlepool Marina , and the Wynyard park business and leisure development were considered by Tees Valley 's board of directors along with its existing achievements , strong reasons to retain at least some of its role in the future .
planned tourist features like the tees barrage , the hartlepool marina , and the wynyard park business and leisure development were considered by tees valley 's board of directors along with its [being] achievements , strong reasons to retain at least some of its role in the future .

Taking votes mainly from one of the existing parties , it has given the other i.e the Tories virtually a clear run .
taking votes mainly from one of the [being] parties , it has given the other i.e the tories virtually a clear run .

But chairman of Cleveland County Council 's development and transportation committee David Walsh has warned that the plan for Dixon 's Bank , Marton , could jeopardise existing shops and cause traffic chaos .
but chairman of cleveland county council 's development and transportation committee david walsh has warned that the plan for dixon 's bank , marton , could jeopardise [being] shops and cause traffic chaos .

‘ It could also have a major effect on existing shopping centres , particularly the smaller shopping parade at Marton .
‘ it could also have a major effect on [being] shopping centres , particularly the smaller shopping parade at marton .

An internal government report recently pointed out a number of deficiencies in the existing safety procedures .
an internal government report recently pointed out a number of deficiencies in the [being] safety procedures .

It replaces the existing one on the Broadway and the community health house in Birchington Avenue .
it replaces the [being] one on the broadway and the community health house in birchington avenue .

He argued that fewer houses at the Cleveland end of the line would be affected by overhead lines than at present because 31km of existing pylons would be demolished as part of the scheme .
he argued that fewer houses at the cleveland end of the line would be affected by overhead lines than at present because 31km of [being] pylons would be demolished as part of the scheme .

‘ There can be no doubt at all in view of this that replacement of the existing line by the one proposed would be a substantial environmental improvement and not , as is suggested , an environmental disbenefit to the area of Teesside , ’ said Mr Bartlett .
‘ there can be no doubt at all in view of this that replacement of the [being] line by the one proposed would be a substantial environmental improvement and not , as is suggested , an environmental disbenefit to the area of teesside , ’ said mr bartlett .

Upgrading the existing cable by means of a new 400,000-volt cable was the only way to ensure sufficient carrying capacity for supplies from the new Teesside Power station under construction at Wilton , those at Hartlepool and Blythe and exports from Scotland .
upgrading the [being] cable by means of a new 400,000-volt cable was the only way to ensure sufficient carrying capacity for supplies from the new teesside power station under construction at wilton , those at hartlepool and blythe and exports from scotland .

As part of the park plan access to the playing facilities will be off the main north-south pedestrian way with the pavilion located between a proposed amphitheatre and existing bowling greens .
as part of the park plan access to the playing facilities will be off the main north-south pedestrian way with the pavilion located between a proposed amphitheatre and [being] bowling greens .

It accepted the recommendations of chief planning officer Tony Noble , who said the development could have a major impact on existing shopping centres .
it accepted the recommendations of chief planning officer tony noble , who said the development could have a major impact on [being] shopping centres .

The comment came from Dr. John Male of the National Grid Company , which wants to run a 400,000-volt overhead line from Teesside to Shipton to upgrade the existing line and link in the Enron power station being built at Wilton .
the comment came from dr. john male of the national grid company , which wants to run a 400,000-volt overhead line from teesside to shipton to upgrade the [being] line and link in the enron power station being built at wilton .

Mr Markie also highlighted the fears of Middleton residents who already suffered noise from the existing 275,000-volt lines .
mr markie also highlighted the fears of middleton residents who already suffered noise from the [being] 275,000-volt lines .

Extending the existing ban on installing non-room-sealed appliances in bathrooms , so that it covers bedrooms as well .
extending the [being] ban on installing non-room-sealed appliances in bathrooms , so that it covers bedrooms as well .

They follow a review of existing gas safety regulations .
they follow a review of [being] gas safety regulations .

Extending the existing ban on installing non-roomsealed appliances in bathrooms , so that it covers bedrooms as well .
extending the [being] ban on installing non-roomsealed appliances in bathrooms , so that it covers bedrooms as well .

They follow a review of existing gas safety regulations .
they follow a review of [being] gas safety regulations .

Refurbishment , maintenance and service work on existing lifts , rather than building new products are another way .
refurbishment , maintenance and service work on [being] lifts , rather than building new products are another way .

With the existing squad it will remain with us .
with the [being] squad it will remain with us .

Planned tourist features like the Tees barrage , the Hartlepool marina and the Wynyard park business and leisure development were considered by Tees Valley 's board of directors , along with its existing achievements , strong reasons to retain at least some of its role in the future .
planned tourist features like the tees barrage , the hartlepool marina and the wynyard park business and leisure development were considered by tees valley 's board of directors , along with its [being] achievements , strong reasons to retain at least some of its role in the future .

He said he would be talking to the existing team management duo of Doug Livermore and Ray Clemence , as well as the rest of the players as soon as they get back from vacation .
he said he would be talking to the [being] team management duo of doug livermore and ray clemence , as well as the rest of the players as soon as they get back from vacation .

It looks exactly like the existing version but has a wider magnetic tape .
it looks exactly like the [being] version but has a wider magnetic tape .

What is being said is that it 's intended to keep what 's regarded as a highly successful regime going on existing lines .
what is being said is that it 's intended to keep what 's regarded as a highly successful regime going on [being] lines .

The shop had recently been taken over and the existing stock had been brought in by the previous owner .
the shop had recently been taken over and the [being] stock had been brought in by the previous owner .

Access was already frustrated by an existing step and the additional minor increase in height made no real significant decrease in accessibility .
access was already frustrated by an [being] step and the additional minor increase in height made no real significant decrease in accessibility .

The regulations also apply to new buildings and alterations and extensions of existing buildings .
the regulations also apply to new buildings and alterations and extensions of [being] buildings .

The existing hospital in Gimma serves 1 .
the [being] hospital in gimma serves 1 .

The petite range is an extension of its existing stock , but styled particularly for women under 5'2 ’ , to fit and flatter the shorter figure .
the petite range is an extension of its [being] stock , but styled particularly for women under 5'2 ’ , to fit and flatter the shorter figure .

To help the customer select the ‘ right ’ style , the company constantly updates its stock and has recently added to its existing ranges Harlequin , Interior Selection , Today 's Interiors , Jab , Romo , Craig and Rose and Brian Yates makes .
to help the customer select the ‘ right ’ style , the company constantly updates its stock and has recently added to its [being] ranges harlequin , interior selection , today 's interiors , jab , romo , craig and rose and brian yates makes .

Ultra Electronics will continue with Dowty 's existing projects , working on aircraft such as the European Fighter Aircraft … Dowty electrics manufactures componets and illuminted panels for the project .
ultra electronics will continue with dowty 's [being] projects , working on aircraft such as the european fighter aircraft … dowty electrics manufactures componets and illuminted panels for the project .

But there 's concern from Friends of the Earth that the existing coal-fired station will be run down .
but there 's concern from friends of the earth that the [being] coal-fired station will be run down .

The existing site 's an eyesore for the people of Sutton Courtenay who live on its doorstep .
the [being] site 's an eyesore for the people of sutton courtenay who live on its doorstep .

They 've come and put down the fairways and greens without regard for existing rights of way .
they 've come and put down the fairways and greens without regard for [being] rights of way .

However , because no additional money has been made available to establish a central development fund to extend services in these areas , the money may have to be taken away from existing services in other areas .
however , because no additional money has been made available to establish a central development fund to extend services in these areas , the money may have to be taken away from [being] services in other areas .

Business has steadily increased year by year and we have now outgrown our existing Finaghy branch .
business has steadily increased year by year and we have now outgrown our [being] finaghy branch .

His 4.01.43 was 5.15 faster than Joe Barr existing Irish record of 4.7.58 .
his 4.01.43 was 5.15 faster than joe barr [being] irish record of 4.7.58 .

He added : ‘ As a community , we must do all in our power to encourage the planting of new trees and preserve our existing tree and woodlands . ’
he added : ‘ as a community , we must do all in our power to encourage the planting of new trees and preserve our [being] tree and woodlands . ’

These attractive , period-style apartments have been sympathetically designed to complement the existing residences on ‘ The Mile ’ , with careful consideration given to layout and architectural detail .
these attractive , period-style apartments have been sympathetically designed to complement the [being] residences on ‘ the mile ’ , with careful consideration given to layout and architectural detail .

What do you do for existing teachers ?
what do you do for [being] teachers ?

Our budget er is at the present time overspent er something of the order of £70,000 , and we 're required by the Health Authority and by government , er to manage within our existing cash limited budget .
our budget er is at the present time overspent er something of the order of £70,000 , and we 're required by the health authority and by government , er to manage within our [being] cash limited budget .

It 's clear that the majority of not only motorists but other road users , pedestrians , cyclists , bus passengers do feel that there are serious problems in urban areas , that they do need to be tackled and that one major thing that 's necessary is better enforcement of existing regulations , particularly in two areas : one , drivers that drive badly and cause danger to others and secondly , the inconsiderate parker .
it 's clear that the majority of not only motorists but other road users , pedestrians , cyclists , bus passengers do feel that there are serious problems in urban areas , that they do need to be tackled and that one major thing that 's necessary is better enforcement of [being] regulations , particularly in two areas : one , drivers that drive badly and cause danger to others and secondly , the inconsiderate parker .

Most of that will go on delivering the programmes er and most of that is existing funding and so we 're going to have to use a lot of it on that , but we want to do new things as well .
most of that will go on delivering the programmes er and most of that is [being] funding and so we 're going to have to use a lot of it on that , but we want to do new things as well .

They 've done it by an alteration in the way local government finance works , so that the cost of providing new council housing and the cost of maintaining existing council housing has to be met entirely from the rent paid by existing council tenants , and erm a certain amount of Government subsidy .
they 've done it by an alteration in the way local government finance works , so that the cost of providing new council housing and the cost of maintaining [being] council housing has to be met entirely from the rent paid by [being] council tenants , and erm a certain amount of government subsidy .

If the new , friendlier systems do come onto the market , and if they 're bought as presents and so on , and they get into the homes and they get into the schools , then people will just learn to use them , and it 's the existing professionals who may have to change their habits to accommodate .
if the new , friendlier systems do come onto the market , and if they 're bought as presents and so on , and they get into the homes and they get into the schools , then people will just learn to use them , and it 's the [being] professionals who may have to change their habits to accommodate .

The Monopolies and Mergers Commission agrees that the existing system restricts customers ' choice of beer .
the monopolies and mergers commission agrees that the [being] system restricts customers ' choice of beer .

Using our new sampling kitchens and the findings of consumer panels across the country , we successfully reformulated and redesigned over 1,000 existing lines to satisfy the ever-changing and increasing demanding tastes of our customers .
using our new sampling kitchens and the findings of consumer panels across the country , we successfully reformulated and redesigned over 1,000 [being] lines to satisfy the ever-changing and increasing demanding tastes of our customers .

All new stores from Portsmouth onwards have opened with scanning , and a further ten existing stores have been converted in addition to the original pilot at Chichester .
all new stores from portsmouth onwards have opened with scanning , and a further ten [being] stores have been converted in addition to the original pilot at chichester .

There are , however , a number of points , identified by the Survey , which may merit further examination with a view to the possible modification of existing practice .
there are , however , a number of points , identified by the survey , which may merit further examination with a view to the possible modification of [being] practice .

They will occupy shop space within the existing building , in some cases within the shop floor and at others in a vacant coffee shop .
they will occupy shop space within the [being] building , in some cases within the shop floor and at others in a vacant coffee shop .

The Jane Asher dinosaur cake was introduced recently and buyers inform us that dinosaur shaped canned pasta is now a possibility , together with existing canned lines of this kind .
the jane asher dinosaur cake was introduced recently and buyers inform us that dinosaur shaped canned pasta is now a possibility , together with [being] canned lines of this kind .

Our existing nutritional labelling gives a full description of sugar , fat and fibre content .
our [being] nutritional labelling gives a full description of sugar , fat and fibre content .

It seems to ignore the way in which existing fares are calculated ' including as they do an element of ‘ taper ’ to avoid long journeys made up of several different sectors ‘ bolted together ’ from becoming too high : again something which would be difficult to replicate in a situation where the railways were operated by numerous regional franchises .
it seems to ignore the way in which [being] fares are calculated ' including as they do an element of ‘ taper ’ to avoid long journeys made up of several different sectors ‘ bolted together ’ from becoming too high : again something which would be difficult to replicate in a situation where the railways were operated by numerous regional franchises .

Although initial studies focused on three area , all of them parallel to the existing runway , consideration is now being given to a non-parallel alignment .
although initial studies focused on three area , all of them parallel to the [being] runway , consideration is now being given to a non-parallel alignment .

If labour requirements can not be met through the more efficient or intensive use of the existing labour force , a great many employers ( almost half ) use temporary or casual labour including former registered dockers made redundant under the Dock Labour Compensation Scheme .
if labour requirements can not be met through the more efficient or intensive use of the [being] labour force , a great many employers ( almost half ) use temporary or casual labour including former registered dockers made redundant under the dock labour compensation scheme .

‘ The first objective is to double the existing market share , to have more than 10 per cent .
‘ the first objective is to double the [being] market share , to have more than 10 per cent .

Legislation expected to be adopted throughout Europe by 1998 will mean about 75 per cent of Protective Coatings ' existing range would be jeopardised — the company would not be permitted to sell the products in their present form .
legislation expected to be adopted throughout europe by 1998 will mean about 75 per cent of protective coatings ' [being] range would be jeopardised — the company would not be permitted to sell the products in their present form .

These Ecotech-approved products will be marketed alongside existing products for the time being .
these ecotech-approved products will be marketed alongside [being] products for the time being .

It is currently committed to a multi-million pound improvement programme involving new plant and upgrading existing facilities .
it is currently committed to a multi-million pound improvement programme involving new plant and upgrading [being] facilities .

Mike Traynor of distribution services said ‘ All existing specifications are being reviewed to see where improvements can be made and all new specifications are being designed in line with the policy . ’
mike traynor of distribution services said ‘ all [being] specifications are being reviewed to see where improvements can be made and all new specifications are being designed in line with the policy . ’

It is a key enabler for this , but only if people use it as a way of changing the way business is done rather than merchandising existing systems and organisations .
it is a key enabler for this , but only if people use it as a way of changing the way business is done rather than merchandising [being] systems and organisations .

Mike Cooper , managing director of Securicor Datatrak said : ‘ Take up from existing mobile data offerings has been slow .
mike cooper , managing director of securicor datatrak said : ‘ take up from [being] mobile data offerings has been slow .

Susan Jourdain has written , in a very lucid style , a book for , as she states , existing and aspiring engineers .
susan jourdain has written , in a very lucid style , a book for , as she states , [being] and aspiring engineers .

‘ Because they can be integrated with existing toys they are always on hand to provide a natural stimulus for discussions throughout the child 's nursery and playgroup experience . ’
‘ because they can be integrated with [being] toys they are always on hand to provide a natural stimulus for discussions throughout the child 's nursery and playgroup experience . ’

The council proposes to budget £100,000 in 1993-94 to provide grants for about 10 existing tenants so that they can buy private houses and release family-sized council houses for re-letting .
the council proposes to budget £100,000 in 1993-94 to provide grants for about 10 [being] tenants so that they can buy private houses and release family-sized council houses for re-letting .

They will pump waste water to an existing sewer at Crosby Road South and then to North West Water 's multimillion pound treatment works at Sandon Dock .
they will pump waste water to an [being] sewer at crosby road south and then to north west water 's multimillion pound treatment works at sandon dock .

‘ This does not take into account the current demand for nursing and residential home beds in Cheshire and the county council believes this could mean Cheshire receiving only £30m instead of the £40m needed to meet existing demand .
‘ this does not take into account the current demand for nursing and residential home beds in cheshire and the county council believes this could mean cheshire receiving only £30m instead of the £40m needed to meet [being] demand .

The service comes free to existing satellite dish owners and those hooked up to cable .
the service comes free to [being] satellite dish owners and those hooked up to cable .

The engine plant is situated in an existing building , which has been extensively refitted .
the engine plant is situated in an [being] building , which has been extensively refitted .

The plant , based at Vauxhall 's existing manufacturing works in the town , will be able to produce 135,000 engines a year , which will be available in luxury versions of the Cavalier .
the plant , based at vauxhall 's [being] manufacturing works in the town , will be able to produce 135,000 engines a year , which will be available in luxury versions of the cavalier .

This scheme provides practical and financial help for would-be purchasers with existing homes still to sell .
this scheme provides practical and financial help for would-be purchasers with [being] homes still to sell .

Residents claim that their homes were already being ‘ shaken to bits ’ by the amount of heavy traffic connected with Park Foods on the existing industrial complex .
residents claim that their homes were already being ‘ shaken to bits ’ by the amount of heavy traffic connected with park foods on the [being] industrial complex .

Mothers tend to give the most nutritious food to the rest of the family , while existing on tea or toast .
mothers tend to give the most nutritious food to the rest of the family , while [being] on tea or toast .

They say their homes are already being ‘ shaken to bits ’ by the lorries travelling to and from the existing industrial estate .
they say their homes are already being ‘ shaken to bits ’ by the lorries travelling to and from the [being] industrial estate .

This means , for example , that sales area managers have clear weekly objectives incorporating new accounts , new business from existing accounts , call rates and margin requirement .
this means , for example , that sales area managers have clear weekly objectives incorporating new accounts , new business from [being] accounts , call rates and margin requirement .

The 100,000 cars per year plant , from which Toyota aims to export into Asia , will mean the eventual closure of its two existing plants in Melbourne .
the 100,000 cars per year plant , from which toyota aims to export into asia , will mean the eventual closure of its two [being] plants in melbourne .

Permanent income can be thought of as the present value of the expected flow of income from the existing stock of both ‘ human ’ and ‘ non-human ’ wealth over a long period of time .
permanent income can be thought of as the present value of the expected flow of income from the [being] stock of both ‘ human ’ and ‘ non-human ’ wealth over a long period of time .

This implies that there is no excess capacity ( that is to say , all existing machines must be fully employed and there must be no possibility of overtime or shift working ) .
this implies that there is no excess capacity ( that is to say , all [being] machines must be fully employed and there must be no possibility of overtime or shift working ) .

This is extremely unrealistic — it is more likely that firms will be able to meet some of the increased demand by working existing machines harder and using whatever excess capacity does exist .
this is extremely unrealistic — it is more likely that firms will be able to meet some of the increased demand by working [being] machines harder and using whatever excess capacity does exist .

An important point to note is that the existing theories are sometimes in conflict and the empirical tests have so far proved inconclusive .
an important point to note is that the [being] theories are sometimes in conflict and the empirical tests have so far proved inconclusive .

This is because in a growing economy , business units multiply and existing businesses expand , leading to an increased demand for cash holdings for reasons of safety and liquidity .
this is because in a growing economy , business units multiply and [being] businesses expand , leading to an increased demand for cash holdings for reasons of safety and liquidity .

Second , existing plants can be made more water-efficient through better management and control systems and the reuse of water wherever possible .
second , [being] plants can be made more water-efficient through better management and control systems and the reuse of water wherever possible .

It is felt that tighter controls on mercury emissions are unnecessary because the existing emissions to the aquatic environment are not harmful to human health , ’ said Phil . ’
it is felt that tighter controls on mercury emissions are unnecessary because the [being] emissions to the aquatic environment are not harmful to human health , ’ said phil . ’

We mix sodium perborate from our existing plant with other alkalis , sodium sesquicarbonate or bicarbonate .
we mix sodium perborate from our [being] plant with other alkalis , sodium sesquicarbonate or bicarbonate .

The philosophy is to blend the right people with the best technology to support existing business and explore areas for future growth synergy .
the philosophy is to blend the right people with the best technology to support [being] business and explore areas for future growth synergy .

With this system , we have substantially reduced the capital cost compared with other processes and made it easy to integrate into existing equipment .
with this system , we have substantially reduced the capital cost compared with other processes and made it easy to integrate into [being] equipment .

And the Resins Group will continue its growth , not only through the further exploitation of its existing potential but in other ways .
and the resins group will continue its growth , not only through the further exploitation of its [being] potential but in other ways .

They include company acquisitions [ a short-list of companies is already targeted in Europe and the United States for their market positioning and synergy with existing activities ] , joint ventures , product acquisition and various licensing arrangements .
they include company acquisitions [ a short-list of companies is already targeted in europe and the united states for their market positioning and synergy with [being] activities ] , joint ventures , product acquisition and various licensing arrangements .

‘ We are trying to expand sales into the Far East and the strategy is to use Courtaulds ’ existing resources there , ’ said , business manager for thermal protections worldwide .
‘ we are trying to expand sales into the far east and the strategy is to use courtaulds ’ [being] resources there , ’ said , business manager for thermal protections worldwide .

There was no fresh capital , the project did not have a specific budget so any money had to come from existing tight maintenance and operating budgets .
there was no fresh capital , the project did not have a specific budget so any money had to come from [being] tight maintenance and operating budgets .

Clear guidance should be ‘ issued urgently ’ to replace the existing ‘ unhelpful ’ guidelines and , if necessary , legislation should be introduced so that unmet need could be safely recorded .
clear guidance should be ‘ issued urgently ’ to replace the [being] ‘ unhelpful ’ guidelines and , if necessary , legislation should be introduced so that unmet need could be safely recorded .

If we are going to maintain high quality residential care and develop day care as an alternative to residential care , we need to replace and refurbish existing stock ’ , said president Ian Gilmour .
if we are going to maintain high quality residential care and develop day care as an alternative to residential care , we need to replace and refurbish [being] stock ’ , said president ian gilmour .

The practical implication of these facts is that careful preparation may be necessary for industrial salespeople , either when selling to new companies or when selling to existing customers where the nature of the product is different .
the practical implication of these facts is that careful preparation may be necessary for industrial salespeople , either when selling to new companies or when selling to [being] customers where the nature of the product is different .

In addition to an expansion of existing services in the financial sector , many more services are now available ( e.g .
in addition to an expansion of [being] services in the financial sector , many more services are now available ( e.g .

Assess suitability of existing material for European markets ;
assess suitability of [being] material for european markets ;

Examine your existing advertising ;
examine your [being] advertising ;

Not only are a firm 's existing products vulnerable to cultural change , but it may miss new , lucrative opportunities by not being informed of changes in culture .
not only are a firm 's [being] products vulnerable to cultural change , but it may miss new , lucrative opportunities by not being informed of changes in culture .

An advanced course develops existing expertise — exploring factors that influence the customer , business , produce and sales-person .
an advanced course develops [being] expertise — exploring factors that influence the customer , business , produce and sales-person .

Last year , a Corrective Action Team was set up in Chlor-Chemicals to find ways in which the existing stock of drums and cylinders could support a required 25% increase in chlorine business while avoiding major capital expenditure on new packaging .
last year , a corrective action team was set up in chlor-chemicals to find ways in which the [being] stock of drums and cylinders could support a required 25% increase in chlorine business while avoiding major capital expenditure on new packaging .

They 'd probably have a fifty thousand pound mortgage to pay off the the existing mortgage on that one and the balance .
they 'd probably have a fifty thousand pound mortgage to pay off the the [being] mortgage on that one and the balance .

It 's only got ta match the existing er
it 's only got ta match the [being] er

If it had been like our door , the existing door it would have stood rubbing down flatting down and er then .
if it had been like our door , the [being] door it would have stood rubbing down flatting down and er then .

Well you can use our existing door then .
well you can use our [being] door then .

No but as erm Mrs has mentioned to me , when it comes to er converting an existing garage into a den or a study and then asking for another garage to be built . Well you know , it 's not good enough is it ?
no but as erm mrs has mentioned to me , when it comes to er converting an [being] garage into a den or a study and then asking for another garage to be built . well you know , it 's not good enough is it ?

Try to obtain a good quality plug , preferably gold-plated , to replace the existing one .
try to obtain a good quality plug , preferably gold-plated , to replace the [being] one .

If you actually like the tone of your existing pickups , but just require more of it , why not try an overdrive pedal to give your amp ( you do n't actually mention what it is ) a bit of a boost ? If you take your guitar to your local music shop and try out their range of pedals , the chances are that you will find something to do the job and save yourself the substantial cost of a new set of pickups .
if you actually like the tone of your [being] pickups , but just require more of it , why not try an overdrive pedal to give your amp ( you do n't actually mention what it is ) a bit of a boost ? if you take your guitar to your local music shop and try out their range of pedals , the chances are that you will find something to do the job and save yourself the substantial cost of a new set of pickups .

Whether you are starting a pond from scratch , or looking for fish to supplement existing stock , buying Koi is one of the most challenging and exciting moments of the hobby .
whether you are starting a pond from scratch , or looking for fish to supplement [being] stock , buying koi is one of the most challenging and exciting moments of the hobby .

Never buy a Koi with the slightest trace of fish-pox , for you risk transferring it to your existing fish .
never buy a koi with the slightest trace of fish-pox , for you risk transferring it to your [being] fish .

The site — crazy paving over an existing , tiled-in concrete pool
the site — crazy paving over an [being] , tiled-in concrete pool

Black box units are also easier to add an existing pond than many other types of filter , which are best incorporated when building the pond .
black box units are also easier to add an [being] pond than many other types of filter , which are best incorporated when building the pond .

This single speaker unit is designed to add to an existing hi fi setup to provide a dramatic improvement in bass reproduction .
this single speaker unit is designed to add to an [being] hi fi setup to provide a dramatic improvement in bass reproduction .

Utilising existing artwork — such as that given in a project — simply involves tracing the copper track layout onto a film , using the methods described last month .
utilising [being] artwork — such as that given in a project — simply involves tracing the copper track layout onto a film , using the methods described last month .

If a copper track can not be routed because it is blocked by existing copper tracks , use jumper link wires to bridge over the obstruction .
if a copper track can not be routed because it is blocked by [being] copper tracks , use jumper link wires to bridge over the obstruction .

As the algae became more complex some form of repair mechanism probably occurred , especially for those existing in shallow watery environments ( see Chapter 6 ) .
as the algae became more complex some form of repair mechanism probably occurred , especially for those [being] in shallow watery environments ( see chapter 6 ) .

Start by scraping off the existing glue residue from the underside of the bridge , and from the table , with a Stanley knife .
start by scraping off the [being] glue residue from the underside of the bridge , and from the table , with a stanley knife .

Finally , drill out the bridgepin holes ( select the correct size — no larger than the existing holes ) to remove the excess glue .
finally , drill out the bridgepin holes ( select the correct size — no larger than the [being] holes ) to remove the excess glue .

After thirty years of British rule , observed the distinguished scholar-administrator Henry Fosbrooke , they displayed none of the distressing symptoms of that ‘ soul erosion ’ , defined by him as a ‘ deterioration in obedience to existing moral standards , a falling off in observance of organized religion , a lack of purpose in life ’ , which seemed so often to be the result of British efforts to bring civilization to the African .
after thirty years of british rule , observed the distinguished scholar-administrator henry fosbrooke , they displayed none of the distressing symptoms of that ‘ soul erosion ’ , defined by him as a ‘ deterioration in obedience to [being] moral standards , a falling off in observance of organized religion , a lack of purpose in life ’ , which seemed so often to be the result of british efforts to bring civilization to the african .

Nor was Britain the only colonial power to incorporate existing native rulers into a system of colonial administration .
nor was britain the only colonial power to incorporate [being] native rulers into a system of colonial administration .

There seems to be no sense in which the idea of the Commonwealth can be said to have developed from Indirect Rule , but the similarity of the language employed , and the fact that enthusiasts for one were usually enthusiasts for the other , would appear to suggest that the two ideas sprang from the same rich soil , composted over the years of imperial fact and imperial fancy . When Charles Temple asked himself what form the finally evolved connection between the conquering races and the conquered , now existing in partially evolved form as Indirect Rule , and based on ‘ the relations which exist between a more competent man and a less competent ’ , might take , he answered that he saw no reason
there seems to be no sense in which the idea of the commonwealth can be said to have developed from indirect rule , but the similarity of the language employed , and the fact that enthusiasts for one were usually enthusiasts for the other , would appear to suggest that the two ideas sprang from the same rich soil , composted over the years of imperial fact and imperial fancy . when charles temple asked himself what form the finally evolved connection between the conquering races and the conquered , now [being] in partially evolved form as indirect rule , and based on ‘ the relations which exist between a more competent man and a less competent ’ , might take , he answered that he saw no reason

Existing divisions amongst lesbian feminists have been emphasised by contemporary debates about pornography , sadomasochism censorship and identity politics .
[being] divisions amongst lesbian feminists have been emphasised by contemporary debates about pornography , sadomasochism censorship and identity politics .

When making erotic statements with clothes we have to be aware of existing stereotypes .
when making erotic statements with clothes we have to be aware of [being] stereotypes .

We must emphasise how and why existing ‘ erotic ’ and aesthetic criteria exclude us .
we must emphasise how and why [being] ‘ erotic ’ and aesthetic criteria exclude us .

With various motives — from the fear that the worst excesses of Thatcherism were making the existing social order less stable , to the belief that God was on the side of oppressed people seeking justice — its leaders spoke out against particularly inhumane State policies .
with various motives — from the fear that the worst excesses of thatcherism were making the [being] social order less stable , to the belief that god was on the side of oppressed people seeking justice — its leaders spoke out against particularly inhumane state policies .

But now , rather like recording afresh over the existing programme on an audio or visual cassette , Sylvia had superimposed a successful situation and had thereby made a significant change in the data recognized by her subconscious .
but now , rather like recording afresh over the [being] programme on an audio or visual cassette , sylvia had superimposed a successful situation and had thereby made a significant change in the data recognized by her subconscious .

The air will bring sufficient bacteria eventually ; adding old water or a sponge from an existing set-up will accelerate the process .
the air will bring sufficient bacteria eventually ; adding old water or a sponge from an [being] set-up will accelerate the process .

In both cases , seed the filters by running them in an existing balanced set-up for a couple of days before a buying trip .
in both cases , seed the filters by running them in an [being] balanced set-up for a couple of days before a buying trip .

Despite the recession in the housing market , sales of Ideal Home have risen by more than 30,000 copies per month during the year . Could it be that , like me , more and more readers are dreaming of the time when they can either afford to move home or , at the very least , redecorate their existing one ?
despite the recession in the housing market , sales of ideal home have risen by more than 30,000 copies per month during the year . could it be that , like me , more and more readers are dreaming of the time when they can either afford to move home or , at the very least , redecorate their [being] one ?

But the top rates do not benefit existing investors .
but the top rates do not benefit [being] investors .

And the good news is that you can use your existing styling tools to create this new look .
and the good news is that you can use your [being] styling tools to create this new look .

Will also complement existing security systems without the need to modify existing wiring .
will also complement [being] security systems without the need to modify [being] wiring .

Secondly , a simple flasher could be made entirely independent of the car 's electrical system thus being extremely quick and easy to install and requiring no modification of the existing vehicle 's wiring .
secondly , a simple flasher could be made entirely independent of the car 's electrical system thus being extremely quick and easy to install and requiring no modification of the [being] vehicle 's wiring .

It is merely intended as a very easy-to-fit deterrent which a car owner may use in place of an alarm or , as in the author 's car , the unit can complement an existing security system which previously had no visual deterrent .
it is merely intended as a very easy-to-fit deterrent which a car owner may use in place of an alarm or , as in the author 's car , the unit can complement an [being] security system which previously had no visual deterrent .

In order to copy existing artwork onto film , cut some drafting film to size ( allowing plenty of room as a border ) and place it over the artwork to be copied , perhaps Sellotaping it in place over the page .
in order to copy [being] artwork onto film , cut some drafting film to size ( allowing plenty of room as a border ) and place it over the artwork to be copied , perhaps sellotaping it in place over the page .

It 's tempting , when fitting a permanent substitute for the battery , to rewire the existing on-off switch so that it operates on the mains supply to the transformer primary .
it 's tempting , when fitting a permanent substitute for the battery , to rewire the [being] on-off switch so that it operates on the mains supply to the transformer primary .

→ Dealing with your ideas in order , buying a secondhand valve amp to use with your existing combo speaker would not work because of the complex switching required to bypass the amplifiers into dummy loads ( a valve amp can not be left on without the speaker or a dummy load in circuit ) as well as input routing to both amps .
→ dealing with your ideas in order , buying a secondhand valve amp to use with your [being] combo speaker would not work because of the complex switching required to bypass the amplifiers into dummy loads ( a valve amp can not be left on without the speaker or a dummy load in circuit ) as well as input routing to both amps .

• Sometimes new fish will be attacked by the existing ones .
• sometimes new fish will be attacked by the [being] ones .

Complete new colonies will grow from small pieces detached from existing colonies and in favourable conditions whole new sponge reefs can result from this process .
complete new colonies will grow from small pieces detached from [being] colonies and in favourable conditions whole new sponge reefs can result from this process .

Unlike the first one , which had found that many of the coalfields had not been mapped , this one reported that the existing maps were seriously out of date .
unlike the first one , which had found that many of the coalfields had not been mapped , this one reported that the [being] maps were seriously out of date .

Ferrasse used the word ‘ lepers ’ to describe the way he felt the ‘ English ’ treat the French , further heightening the existing tension .
ferrasse used the word ‘ lepers ’ to describe the way he felt the ‘ english ’ treat the french , further heightening the [being] tension .

But apart from the number of police rapidly increasing , their technological and quasi-military capacities shamelessly strengthened , their discretionary powers of apprehension , interrogation , detention , and arrest liberally extended , and new prisons built or old ones extensively refurbished ( all with money the government claims the country has not got to maintain existing standards of education , health , unemployment welfare , and social services ) , nothing much justifies the optimism .
but apart from the number of police rapidly increasing , their technological and quasi-military capacities shamelessly strengthened , their discretionary powers of apprehension , interrogation , detention , and arrest liberally extended , and new prisons built or old ones extensively refurbished ( all with money the government claims the country has not got to maintain [being] standards of education , health , unemployment welfare , and social services ) , nothing much justifies the optimism .

As such , criminal law categories are resources , tools , instruments , designed and then used to criminalize , demoralize , incapacitate , fracture and sometimes eliminate those problem populations perceived by the powerful to be potentially or actually threatening the existing distribution of power , wealth , and privilege .
as such , criminal law categories are resources , tools , instruments , designed and then used to criminalize , demoralize , incapacitate , fracture and sometimes eliminate those problem populations perceived by the powerful to be potentially or actually threatening the [being] distribution of power , wealth , and privilege .

Governments — extending regulations to cover more corporate activities either through new laws or tougher enforcement of existing laws ;
governments — extending regulations to cover more corporate activities either through new laws or tougher enforcement of [being] laws ;

The house was a completely original design — neither the interior nor the exterior were copies of any existing royal palace , building or other Lutyens commission .
the house was a completely original design — neither the interior nor the exterior were copies of any [being] royal palace , building or other lutyens commission .

The lacquer cabinet has a black and gold exterior and was copied from an existing one at Londonderry House .
the lacquer cabinet has a black and gold exterior and was copied from an [being] one at londonderry house .

There will also be a daily session introducing franchising as a way to expand an existing business or develop a new venture .
there will also be a daily session introducing franchising as a way to expand an [being] business or develop a new venture .

Lengthy booklists are expensive and dull : with some time and effort it will be possible for you to build up a personal library and reference system which is individually geared to your particular needs , and one which helps you to build on your existing knowledge rather than attempting to start again from scratch .
lengthy booklists are expensive and dull : with some time and effort it will be possible for you to build up a personal library and reference system which is individually geared to your particular needs , and one which helps you to build on your [being] knowledge rather than attempting to start again from scratch .

Much more is made these days of adding to existing experience and finding solutions to individual problems of patients rather than attempting to apply nursing practice to clinical symptoms and multiple medical diagnosis .
much more is made these days of adding to [being] experience and finding solutions to individual problems of patients rather than attempting to apply nursing practice to clinical symptoms and multiple medical diagnosis .

Do the hours fit in with your existing commitments ?
do the hours fit in with your [being] commitments ?

In principle , courses may be specially designed for ENs on a full or part-time basis , or ‘ comprise an individually designed range of approved learning activities , which might include day release , distance learning components , contract learning and planned modules from existing first level nurse courses ’ .
in principle , courses may be specially designed for ens on a full or part-time basis , or ‘ comprise an individually designed range of approved learning activities , which might include day release , distance learning components , contract learning and planned modules from [being] first level nurse courses ’ .

The money will also be used to provide better signposting for existing access points to the towpath .
the money will also be used to provide better signposting for [being] access points to the towpath .

There was no way she could go on existing like this indefinitely .
there was no way she could go on [being] like this indefinitely .

Most existing recognition systems concentrate on the pattern recognition process , and have not utilised the substantial amounts of available context .
most [being] recognition systems concentrate on the pattern recognition process , and have not utilised the substantial amounts of available context .

This need not be the case , since each level has information of its own to contribute to the overall picture , as well as selecting from the existing information .
this need not be the case , since each level has information of its own to contribute to the overall picture , as well as selecting from the [being] information .

In particular these ideas will be applied to existing errors within the system .
in particular these ideas will be applied to [being] errors within the system .

However by applying combinations of other algorithms , it may be possible to take some relatively simple steps towards improving existing recognition rates by some kind of error correction system .
however by applying combinations of other algorithms , it may be possible to take some relatively simple steps towards improving [being] recognition rates by some kind of error correction system .

If correction techniques are employed upon the list of allowable strings , the intended word may still not be found because it is sufficiently different from the entries in the existing list of allowable strings .
if correction techniques are employed upon the list of allowable strings , the intended word may still not be found because it is sufficiently different from the entries in the [being] list of allowable strings .

It may also be possible to use higher level knowledge to contribute additional information rather than merely selecting from existing candidates .
it may also be possible to use higher level knowledge to contribute additional information rather than merely selecting from [being] candidates .

However this existing code can actually be made use of , as discussed below .
however this [being] code can actually be made use of , as discussed below .

This may be as part of a pen-driven word processor where already existing text can be edited as with pen and paper at present .
this may be as part of a pen-driven word processor where already [being] text can be edited as with pen and paper at present .

The system should assume that the top-rated candidates are correct unless the user chooses another of the existing candidates or enters an alternative word .
the system should assume that the top-rated candidates are correct unless the user chooses another of the [being] candidates or enters an alternative word .

It is a blow to the American who was hoping that yesterday 's inquiry would give him the chance to press for an amendment to the existing whip rules .
it is a blow to the american who was hoping that yesterday 's inquiry would give him the chance to press for an amendment to the [being] whip rules .

The existing bridge was erected as a temporary measure to replace the original bridge which was destroyed by floods .
the [being] bridge was erected as a temporary measure to replace the original bridge which was destroyed by floods .

You 'd think that adding £6,000 onto their existing mortgage of £36,000 would cost them a packet .
you 'd think that adding £6,000 onto their [being] mortgage of £36,000 would cost them a packet .

The paper was planned in enormous secrecy to run alongside the existing Sunday Mirror , which he thought had become ‘ a soft , ladies ' paper ’ .
the paper was planned in enormous secrecy to run alongside the [being] sunday mirror , which he thought had become ‘ a soft , ladies ' paper ’ .

Long lost ‘ friends ’ suddenly received phone calls which quickly edged round to the appalling standard of the existing Sunday papers .
long lost ‘ friends ’ suddenly received phone calls which quickly edged round to the appalling standard of the [being] sunday papers .

Caxton House and Guinness Mahon 's City offices saw frantic activity as existing investors were begged over the phone to increase their contributions in a desperate bid to bridge the gap .
caxton house and guinness mahon 's city offices saw frantic activity as [being] investors were begged over the phone to increase their contributions in a desperate bid to bridge the gap .

Existing operations may have outgrown space available in the old location and it may be impossible , owing to planning restrictions or the space actually available , to expand .
[being] operations may have outgrown space available in the old location and it may be impossible , owing to planning restrictions or the space actually available , to expand .

Firms may also decide to relocate because their existing locations are no longer convenient for clients , customers , suppliers and sales outlets .
firms may also decide to relocate because their [being] locations are no longer convenient for clients , customers , suppliers and sales outlets .

However , firms must consider that moving to a new area can break ties with existing customers and suppliers and could lead to a loss of business if new links are not forged straight away .
however , firms must consider that moving to a new area can break ties with [being] customers and suppliers and could lead to a loss of business if new links are not forged straight away .

For instance , the planners should work out if it is in the organisation 's best interest to move into an existing building and whether such a building needs any refurbishment or , whether premises should be custom built .
for instance , the planners should work out if it is in the organisation 's best interest to move into an [being] building and whether such a building needs any refurbishment or , whether premises should be custom built .

The new location could be only a few miles from the present site — especially if one of the company 's priorities is to retain existing staff .
the new location could be only a few miles from the present site — especially if one of the company 's priorities is to retain [being] staff .

When informing employees of a likely relocation , employers need to present as full a picture as possible of the reasons why the move is necessary and the effect that it will have on existing jobs .
when informing employees of a likely relocation , employers need to present as full a picture as possible of the reasons why the move is necessary and the effect that it will have on [being] jobs .

Likely subjects to be included on the list for discussion with staff or union representatives include : reasons for moving and details of the new company location and its facilities ; the effects of the move on existing jobs and organisational structure ; union bargaining rights at the new site ; the relocation and redundancy policies ; job opportunities at the new location — for employees , their spouses and also for children nearing working age ; how to avoid disruption to employees ' children 's schooling and the relocation timetable .
likely subjects to be included on the list for discussion with staff or union representatives include : reasons for moving and details of the new company location and its facilities ; the effects of the move on [being] jobs and organisational structure ; union bargaining rights at the new site ; the relocation and redundancy policies ; job opportunities at the new location — for employees , their spouses and also for children nearing working age ; how to avoid disruption to employees ' children 's schooling and the relocation timetable .

There were , however , no suitable premises available in north London which could house the company and there were other problems associated with its existing locations .
there were , however , no suitable premises available in north london which could house the company and there were other problems associated with its [being] locations .

‘ To retain as many as possible of the existing work-force during and following the move . ’
‘ to retain as many as possible of the [being] work-force during and following the move . ’

North Merseyside was dismissed immediately as existing staff would be unlikely to wish to relocate to the area and it was felt such a location would not serve to enhance the company 's recruitment image .
north merseyside was dismissed immediately as [being] staff would be unlikely to wish to relocate to the area and it was felt such a location would not serve to enhance the company 's recruitment image .

The possibility of a move to the West Country or the South Coast was considered but the company was uncertain of retaining sufficient numbers of the existing work-force and these options were also dropped .
the possibility of a move to the west country or the south coast was considered but the company was uncertain of retaining sufficient numbers of the [being] work-force and these options were also dropped .

American Can chose to move into an existing modern building rather than build afresh .
american can chose to move into an [being] modern building rather than build afresh .

( This applied to existing employees — new recruits asked to relocate received only one month 's salary as a disturbance allowance . )
( this applied to [being] employees — new recruits asked to relocate received only one month 's salary as a disturbance allowance . )

The relocation out of London led Blue Circle to revise , improve and formalise its existing relocation policy .
the relocation out of london led blue circle to revise , improve and formalise its [being] relocation policy .

Relocation allowances for existing staff should not be reviewed as bonuses but as compensatory payments which enable employees to make decisions about their futures within their companies without worrying about financial pressures .
relocation allowances for [being] staff should not be reviewed as bonuses but as compensatory payments which enable employees to make decisions about their futures within their companies without worrying about financial pressures .

The first part of this chapter covers relocation provisions for existing individual staff transferred at company request .
the first part of this chapter covers relocation provisions for [being] individual staff transferred at company request .

Although organisations recognise that employees may not always be able to refit old carpets or curtains in the new property , policies do often include a statement to the effect that staff should make every effort to adapt their existing possessions rather than buy afresh .
although organisations recognise that employees may not always be able to refit old carpets or curtains in the new property , policies do often include a statement to the effect that staff should make every effort to adapt their [being] possessions rather than buy afresh .

The mortgage allowance will be based on the difference between the selling price of the existing house and the lower of the purchase price of the new house or the estimated price of an equivalent new house .
the mortgage allowance will be based on the difference between the selling price of the [being] house and the lower of the purchase price of the new house or the estimated price of an equivalent new house .

An independent valuation of the estimated purchase price of the existing house in the new location will be carried out .
an independent valuation of the estimated purchase price of the [being] house in the new location will be carried out .

If payable it will be assessed on the difference between the purchase price of the new house if this is of an appropriate category and the estimated ( lower ) price they would have paid in their existing location for a broadly equivalent house .
if payable it will be assessed on the difference between the purchase price of the new house if this is of an appropriate category and the estimated ( lower ) price they would have paid in their [being] location for a broadly equivalent house .

However , in general , new employees receive some elements of the expenses package given to existing staff .
however , in general , new employees receive some elements of the expenses package given to [being] staff .

However , new recruits very seldom receive the disturbance allowance which is a common feature of relocation policies covering existing staff transferred at company request .
however , new recruits very seldom receive the disturbance allowance which is a common feature of relocation policies covering [being] staff transferred at company request .

At the Norwich Union Insurance Group , if recruitment involves relocation on the part of the employee , the company considers extending its relocation package for existing staff to new recruits .
at the norwich union insurance group , if recruitment involves relocation on the part of the employee , the company considers extending its relocation package for [being] staff to new recruits .

All the above allowances apply to existing employees relocating at company request too but existing staff also receive a payment of 10 per cent of salary ( instead of one month 's salary ) together with an additional three-monthly allowance of £150 per month towards accommodation and/or fares ( that is , making a maximum period of six months ) .
all the above allowances apply to [being] employees relocating at company request too but [being] staff also receive a payment of 10 per cent of salary ( instead of one month 's salary ) together with an additional three-monthly allowance of £150 per month towards accommodation and/or fares ( that is , making a maximum period of six months ) .

If an expatriate , rather than a local employee is really needed , the organisation has to consider whether to relocate an existing employee or recruit specifically to fill the post .
if an expatriate , rather than a local employee is really needed , the organisation has to consider whether to relocate an [being] employee or recruit specifically to fill the post .

The expatriate social circle may prove difficult to break into , with established expatriates clinging to their existing friends and unwilling to allow new members into the group .
the expatriate social circle may prove difficult to break into , with established expatriates clinging to their [being] friends and unwilling to allow new members into the group .

It is very important to emphasise that in drawing up these formal treaties covering the limitation and control of the methods and means of warfare , those involved did not see themselves as creating new rules , but as codifying existing principles and specifying how they were to apply to the rapidly changing conditions of warfare produced by political and technological developments .
it is very important to emphasise that in drawing up these formal treaties covering the limitation and control of the methods and means of warfare , those involved did not see themselves as creating new rules , but as codifying [being] principles and specifying how they were to apply to the rapidly changing conditions of warfare produced by political and technological developments .

The provisions of the 1977 Protocols therefore consist of a reaffirmation of the existing general principles and their reformulation and adaptation on the basis of the experience of twentieth-century conflicts and to meet new needs .
the provisions of the 1977 protocols therefore consist of a reaffirmation of the [being] general principles and their reformulation and adaptation on the basis of the experience of twentieth-century conflicts and to meet new needs .

If such rights depend for their enforcement on existing legal processes , how effective can they be ?
if such rights depend for their enforcement on [being] legal processes , how effective can they be ?

The peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many existing provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can bind themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .
the peace movement can not ignore international law , not merely because many [being] provisions tend to provide legal support for the claim that the use of nuclear weapons would be illegal , but also because , in theory at least , it provides the means by which states can bind themselves to restrict the manufacture , storage and use of such weapons ( non-proliferation treaties and regional nuclear-free zones are examples of this ) .

It should perhaps be noted that in spite of the shift from a gesellschaft to a bureaucratic administrative type of law and social regulation which has been outlined above , private ( essentially property-related ) interests continue to be well-served by the existing representative model of democracy , in spite of its imperfections as a means of exercising political control and accountability over policy-making .
it should perhaps be noted that in spite of the shift from a gesellschaft to a bureaucratic administrative type of law and social regulation which has been outlined above , private ( essentially property-related ) interests continue to be well-served by the [being] representative model of democracy , in spite of its imperfections as a means of exercising political control and accountability over policy-making .

Finally , are there any short-term strategies which may be capable of being pursued within the context of our existing institutional arrangements ?
finally , are there any short-term strategies which may be capable of being pursued within the context of our [being] institutional arrangements ?

There is nothing constitutionally mandatory about any such particular structure but , both in existing legislation and particularly so far as internal civil service organisation is concerned , such a structure is assumed and there are heavy administrative costs involved in change .
there is nothing constitutionally mandatory about any such particular structure but , both in [being] legislation and particularly so far as internal civil service organisation is concerned , such a structure is assumed and there are heavy administrative costs involved in change .

The point is best illustrated by reference to specific examples under the existing United Kingdom constitution .
the point is best illustrated by reference to specific examples under the [being] united kingdom constitution .

It does not go so far to ensure proportionality as other variants , but would involve the least departure from the existing system , would retain single-member constituencies which many regard as being a valuable feature of the present system , and would be much the simplest to understand in operation .
it does not go so far to ensure proportionality as other variants , but would involve the least departure from the [being] system , would retain single-member constituencies which many regard as being a valuable feature of the present system , and would be much the simplest to understand in operation .

It is extremely improbable where , as is normally the case , that majority is constituted by a single party which , ex hypothesi , has been successful under the existing voting system and therefore lacks any great incentive to change it .
it is extremely improbable where , as is normally the case , that majority is constituted by a single party which , ex hypothesi , has been successful under the [being] voting system and therefore lacks any great incentive to change it .

Rather it is usual to claim objective virtues for the existing system which would be lost by a change from it .
rather it is usual to claim objective virtues for the [being] system which would be lost by a change from it .

The corollary of ‘ strong government ’ being good is that ‘ weak government ’ is bad and ‘ weak government ’ in this context means coalition or minority government , both much more likely given a departure from the existing simple primary voting system .
the corollary of ‘ strong government ’ being good is that ‘ weak government ’ is bad and ‘ weak government ’ in this context means coalition or minority government , both much more likely given a departure from the [being] simple primary voting system .

The matter has not fallen for consideration since , and the Hansard litigation remains the source for the existing modus vivendi as between the courts and Parliament .
the matter has not fallen for consideration since , and the hansard litigation remains the source for the [being] modus vivendi as between the courts and parliament .

If , since union , sovereignty has been successfully asserted in practice by the United Kingdom Parliament , and if that assertion has come to be accepted as the basis of the existing constitutional edifice , that is what must , at all events pending the next shift , govern .
if , since union , sovereignty has been successfully asserted in practice by the united kingdom parliament , and if that assertion has come to be accepted as the basis of the [being] constitutional edifice , that is what must , at all events pending the next shift , govern .

When the United Kingdom did eventually join , therefore , she joined a well-established existing organisation , the original six members of which had developed an understanding and evolved an attitude towards the Community which the United Kingdom has not come easily to share .
when the united kingdom did eventually join , therefore , she joined a well-established [being] organisation , the original six members of which had developed an understanding and evolved an attitude towards the community which the united kingdom has not come easily to share .

The 1972 Act first of all gives legal effect to all existing and future Community law and renders it enforceable in the United Kingdom by United Kingdom agencies , including courts , ( s.2 ( 1 ) ) .
the 1972 act first of all gives legal effect to all [being] and future community law and renders it enforceable in the united kingdom by united kingdom agencies , including courts , ( s.2 ( 1 ) ) .

Cleft grafting on the spot is the primary example of field grafting and is widely used in California where varieties of vines cultivated change rapidly with fashion : a grower simply cuts off the whole of his existing variety at rootstock level and clefts on the new desired variety .
cleft grafting on the spot is the primary example of field grafting and is widely used in california where varieties of vines cultivated change rapidly with fashion : a grower simply cuts off the whole of his [being] variety at rootstock level and clefts on the new desired variety .

These can all be applied to existing vines but without removing any of the top foliage , the advantage being that if the new scion fails to take , the vine still lives and further attempts can be made .
these can all be applied to [being] vines but without removing any of the top foliage , the advantage being that if the new scion fails to take , the vine still lives and further attempts can be made .

Although it does n't feature any original routines , it uses the best existing ones in great style .
although it does n't feature any original routines , it uses the best [being] ones in great style .

This is the long-term aim of the Countryside Commission , which wants all existing public footpaths to be accessible by the year 2000 .
this is the long-term aim of the countryside commission , which wants all [being] public footpaths to be accessible by the year 2000 .

To assess the damage , strip off the existing paint .
to assess the damage , strip off the [being] paint .

This way of thinking is probably healthier than the one which sees evangelism as synonymous with an evangelistic crusade to fill up the existing churches ' buildings , and make existing churches stronger .
this way of thinking is probably healthier than the one which sees evangelism as synonymous with an evangelistic crusade to fill up the [being] churches ' buildings , and make [being] churches stronger .

Terry 's passion for equality appealed to my purer mind , and his hatred of existing authority appealed to my resentments .
terry 's passion for equality appealed to my purer mind , and his hatred of [being] authority appealed to my resentments .

The existing craft department was subsequently upgraded to provide a Design Graphics Room , Technology Workshop and two multi-purpose Technology rooms complete with material storage , and servicing areas .
the [being] craft department was subsequently upgraded to provide a design graphics room , technology workshop and two multi-purpose technology rooms complete with material storage , and servicing areas .

The remaining space afforded by the removal of the existing kitchen was used to provide areas for a Computer Room , two Business Studies Areas , Typing and Office Procedures .
the remaining space afforded by the removal of the [being] kitchen was used to provide areas for a computer room , two business studies areas , typing and office procedures .

In the existing School Assembly Hall the introduction of sound resisting sliding folding partitions across the Assembly Hall stage allowed the creation of a new Drama Studio without impairing the use of the stage for other functions .
in the [being] school assembly hall the introduction of sound resisting sliding folding partitions across the assembly hall stage allowed the creation of a new drama studio without impairing the use of the stage for other functions .

In 1974 , the fire brigade moved into new premises , rendering the existing building useless — so the local district council bought it for £36,000 and changed it into the block of 10 flats for elderly people .
in 1974 , the fire brigade moved into new premises , rendering the [being] building useless — so the local district council bought it for £36,000 and changed it into the block of 10 flats for elderly people .

If you have time , try painting them to match existing colours and designs .
if you have time , try painting them to match [being] colours and designs .

The age-migration of accident victims is further evidence of the failure of existing approaches .
the age-migration of accident victims is further evidence of the failure of [being] approaches .

However , where major reconstruction was not envisaged , attempting to insert hierarchies into existing networks was likely to be problematical , both in terms of provision of the major distributor roads and the environmental areas between them .
however , where major reconstruction was not envisaged , attempting to insert hierarchies into [being] networks was likely to be problematical , both in terms of provision of the major distributor roads and the environmental areas between them .

’ Existing residential areas The same principles that govern the design of new streets are equally applicable .
’ [being] residential areas the same principles that govern the design of new streets are equally applicable .

However , there are difficulties of extending the concept to existing residential areas , particularly to inner-city neighbourhoods where the narrow streets often have inadequate space to satisfy the stringent legal requirements of the original Woonerf legislation .
however , there are difficulties of extending the concept to [being] residential areas , particularly to inner-city neighbourhoods where the narrow streets often have inadequate space to satisfy the stringent legal requirements of the original woonerf legislation .

However , shared space approaches , as the Dutch have discovered , are very costly to apply to existing residential areas because they require the existing street surface to be almost entirely rebuilt .
however , shared space approaches , as the dutch have discovered , are very costly to apply to [being] residential areas because they require the [being] street surface to be almost entirely rebuilt .

There are , the book argued , many ways of ‘ being at home in the town ’ , with many examples of good practice already visible today in maturing towns ; in densely populated areas with narrow streets ; in ‘ a celebratory way ’ by making a quiet little green island at the opening of a street ; in a new town ; in existing residential areas where the space around the houses and garages is used to make a series of squares and narrowings ; or ‘ in a happy way ’ where flowers and trees are so colourful that parked cars are less intrusive .
there are , the book argued , many ways of ‘ being at home in the town ’ , with many examples of good practice already visible today in maturing towns ; in densely populated areas with narrow streets ; in ‘ a celebratory way ’ by making a quiet little green island at the opening of a street ; in a new town ; in [being] residential areas where the space around the houses and garages is used to make a series of squares and narrowings ; or ‘ in a happy way ’ where flowers and trees are so colourful that parked cars are less intrusive .

’ There are , it argued , many ways to quieten traffic using existing law such as that permitting 30 km/h zones , rest and play areas , pedestrian zones and limits on parking .
’ there are , it argued , many ways to quieten traffic using [being] law such as that permitting 30 km/h zones , rest and play areas , pedestrian zones and limits on parking .

One-way streets expose larger numbers of people to higher levels of noise and pollution from more dangerous traffic ; there is thus decreased emphasis on their use in new schemes and conversion of existing one-way streets to two-way operation .
one-way streets expose larger numbers of people to higher levels of noise and pollution from more dangerous traffic ; there is thus decreased emphasis on their use in new schemes and conversion of [being] one-way streets to two-way operation .

Explicit in the design of the projects was the attempt to achieve these aims without diverting traffic to other areas — in other words there was to be a genuine experiment in calming existing traffic in situ , not simply exporting the problems to other districts .
explicit in the design of the projects was the attempt to achieve these aims without diverting traffic to other areas — in other words there was to be a genuine experiment in calming [being] traffic in situ , not simply exporting the problems to other districts .

For each of the areas an environmental traffic management strategy was formulated and ‘ before ’ studies on the existing traffic and environmental situation carried out .
for each of the areas an environmental traffic management strategy was formulated and ‘ before ’ studies on the [being] traffic and environmental situation carried out .

However , as Figure 6.41 shows , the space for these uses has been won often by removing cars to off-street parking areas , yet the opportunity for doing so is strictly limited by the availability of existing breaks in the facades of the buildings .
however , as figure 6.41 shows , the space for these uses has been won often by removing cars to off-street parking areas , yet the opportunity for doing so is strictly limited by the availability of [being] breaks in the facades of the buildings .

These figures represent an improvement over those for existing towns , but are not particularly impressive .
these figures represent an improvement over those for [being] towns , but are not particularly impressive .

As permutations of speed restraint measures , lower speed limits and priority changes are not part of the package being applied in new areas , they are not seen as appropriate for existing ones either .
as permutations of speed restraint measures , lower speed limits and priority changes are not part of the package being applied in new areas , they are not seen as appropriate for [being] ones either .

There is thus no ground-swell of demand for traffic calming to be applied to those places that would benefit most , existing residential areas where accident rates are higher than in new estates .
there is thus no ground-swell of demand for traffic calming to be applied to those places that would benefit most , [being] residential areas where accident rates are higher than in new estates .

One of the reasons for the improvement in pedestrian safety on the Continent over the past decade , is that the focus of traffic calming work has been on the areas where most people live , that is on existing , not new , residential areas .
one of the reasons for the improvement in pedestrian safety on the continent over the past decade , is that the focus of traffic calming work has been on the areas where most people live , that is on [being] , not new , residential areas .

There is , however , evidence of a policy vacuum on existing residential areas in that the principal traffic manuals guiding local authority actions date from the mid-1960 's .
there is , however , evidence of a policy vacuum on [being] residential areas in that the principal traffic manuals guiding local authority actions date from the mid-1960 's .

There was no clue to contemporary thinking at the DTp throughout the 1970 's : indeed , it was not until 1987 that a new standard reference work was published which could reasonably be expected to provide up to the minute advice on traffic planning in existing urban areas .
there was no clue to contemporary thinking at the dtp throughout the 1970 's : indeed , it was not until 1987 that a new standard reference work was published which could reasonably be expected to provide up to the minute advice on traffic planning in [being] urban areas .

The limited application of traffic calming in Britain has been , as we have seen , principally in new housing areas , yet the greatest gains from traffic calming are likely to appear in existing residential areas where adverse traffic conditions lead to a lack of safety .
the limited application of traffic calming in britain has been , as we have seen , principally in new housing areas , yet the greatest gains from traffic calming are likely to appear in [being] residential areas where adverse traffic conditions lead to a lack of safety .

In existing housing areas it is hard to see any changes at all , despite the fact that so many of these are extremely unsafe by comparison with newer areas .
in [being] housing areas it is hard to see any changes at all , despite the fact that so many of these are extremely unsafe by comparison with newer areas .

From a review of child and car stopping distances under various assumptions , they conclude that for a car travelling at only 16 km/h about 30m sight distance would be required , but that this is much greater than that normally feasible in existing shared space areas .
from a review of child and car stopping distances under various assumptions , they conclude that for a car travelling at only 16 km/h about 30m sight distance would be required , but that this is much greater than that normally feasible in [being] shared space areas .

In sum then , this research has shown that the existing short sight-lines demand that cars travel slower than they do ; the solution is either to lengthen the sight-lines or to slow the cars . The first approach , which will effectively abandon the shared space principle , is not recommended by the researchers , for it is the application of the shared space approach that they question , not the approach itself :
in sum then , this research has shown that the [being] short sight-lines demand that cars travel slower than they do ; the solution is either to lengthen the sight-lines or to slow the cars . the first approach , which will effectively abandon the shared space principle , is not recommended by the researchers , for it is the application of the shared space approach that they question , not the approach itself :

It has been a central theme of this book that traffic restraint in residential areas should reduce the existing discouragement of walking and cycling , with local movement made safer , pollution reduced and so on .
it has been a central theme of this book that traffic restraint in residential areas should reduce the [being] discouragement of walking and cycling , with local movement made safer , pollution reduced and so on .

Here much could be achieved by freeing the existing facilities from obstructions and by introducing short-cuts to link up parts of the present network .
here much could be achieved by freeing the [being] facilities from obstructions and by introducing short-cuts to link up parts of the present network .

It should be clear that what is being suggested here is not the creation of new precincts as islands in the traffic-orientated city , or indeed the forcing of new pedestrian underpasses through the existing road net .
it should be clear that what is being suggested here is not the creation of new precincts as islands in the traffic-orientated city , or indeed the forcing of new pedestrian underpasses through the [being] road net .

Third , cyclists should be accorded privileged use of existing facilities ( Figure 9.4 ) .
third , cyclists should be accorded privileged use of [being] facilities ( figure 9.4 ) .

To ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from existing traffic regulations .
to ensure shortest-path routes for cyclists and to increase their safety and comfort , cycle traffic can be permitted to deviate from [being] traffic regulations .

Though it is part of national transport policy to promote the safe use of cycles on existing cycle tracks and roads , it has only been since the Tilburg and Hague results that the possible advantages of promoting route networks have been appreciated .
though it is part of national transport policy to promote the safe use of cycles on [being] cycle tracks and roads , it has only been since the tilburg and hague results that the possible advantages of promoting route networks have been appreciated .

Visitors can take part in canoeing , sailing , climbing and horse riding and the Treloar students would like to provide the centre with three new stables and a store room , to double the size of the existing stable block .
visitors can take part in canoeing , sailing , climbing and horse riding and the treloar students would like to provide the centre with three new stables and a store room , to double the size of the [being] stable block .

Parish council chairman Gillian Woodcraft said : Although the new school is still planned , lack of funding has delayed the start yet again and the county council wish to include the island site , between Rake Road and Mill Road , in the sale of the land occupied by the existing school to maximise resources . ’
parish council chairman gillian woodcraft said : although the new school is still planned , lack of funding has delayed the start yet again and the county council wish to include the island site , between rake road and mill road , in the sale of the land occupied by the [being] school to maximise resources . ’

The new building will serve the existing football and cricket pitches , tennis court and bowling green .
the new building will serve the [being] football and cricket pitches , tennis court and bowling green .

This is often due to the buy-in manager 's less intimate knowledge of the business compared with that of the existing management .
this is often due to the buy-in manager 's less intimate knowledge of the business compared with that of the [being] management .

Those grounds are only two among several that can increase their existing ground capacity with temporary seating sufficiently to match the current capacities of Worcester , Taunton , Chelmsford and Southampton , to name only four .
those grounds are only two among several that can increase their [being] ground capacity with temporary seating sufficiently to match the current capacities of worcester , taunton , chelmsford and southampton , to name only four .

My next move was to mask out the central picture area with a piece of paper , taped at its edges onto the existing strips of masking tape .
my next move was to mask out the central picture area with a piece of paper , taped at its edges onto the [being] strips of masking tape .

The representative collection of 20th century art which Lancaster University has been amassing since the 1960s and 1970s by purchase , gifts and bequests , is to be housed in a worthy new purpose-built annex to the already existing and refurbished Peter Scott Gallery .
the representative collection of 20th century art which lancaster university has been amassing since the 1960s and 1970s by purchase , gifts and bequests , is to be housed in a worthy new purpose-built annex to the already [being] and refurbished peter scott gallery .

Nor is there much existing evidence , here or in other countries , on which to make a reasonable guess .
nor is there much [being] evidence , here or in other countries , on which to make a reasonable guess .

Such an acquisition of skills from existing practitioners , were it proved to be effective , might just be a defensible strategy for maintaining present levels of teaching quality ( assuming we would be satisfied with that ) .
such an acquisition of skills from [being] practitioners , were it proved to be effective , might just be a defensible strategy for maintaining present levels of teaching quality ( assuming we would be satisfied with that ) .

This serves only to reinforce our existing stereotypes of what ‘ teaching ’ and ‘ good teaching ’ really is .
this serves only to reinforce our [being] stereotypes of what ‘ teaching ’ and ‘ good teaching ’ really is .

This rather crude form of collegial evaluation tends to induce a certain kind of conservatism in teachers , an attachment to existing classroom methods which appear to be reasonably successful in keeping results high and noise levels low .
this rather crude form of collegial evaluation tends to induce a certain kind of conservatism in teachers , an attachment to [being] classroom methods which appear to be reasonably successful in keeping results high and noise levels low .

Team-teaching , exploration of new methods , collaborative approaches to improved teaching , constructive collegial criticism of classroom performance — none of these things are fostered by the isolation and individualism of the existing culture of teaching .
team-teaching , exploration of new methods , collaborative approaches to improved teaching , constructive collegial criticism of classroom performance — none of these things are fostered by the isolation and individualism of the [being] culture of teaching .

And as existing experience , unchecked by alternative views of collective reflection , becomes sedimented into teachers ' consciousness as valued and ‘ successful ’ procedure , so pedagogy undergoes petrification .
and as [being] experience , unchecked by alternative views of collective reflection , becomes sedimented into teachers ' consciousness as valued and ‘ successful ’ procedure , so pedagogy undergoes petrification .

Grading is a method of achieving a shorthand synthesis of every possible quality that one might wish to be included in a profile , consolidated into a symbol which examiners understand pragmatically with reference to a platonic point of reference existing in the minds of a group of examiners who have worked together , while a profile , however detailed , can never be more than an attempt to put down all those qualities . To which perhaps the only reply is St Augustine 's lament :
grading is a method of achieving a shorthand synthesis of every possible quality that one might wish to be included in a profile , consolidated into a symbol which examiners understand pragmatically with reference to a platonic point of reference [being] in the minds of a group of examiners who have worked together , while a profile , however detailed , can never be more than an attempt to put down all those qualities . to which perhaps the only reply is st augustine 's lament :

Whereas profiles were initially envisaged as a form of school-leaving report or record , and designed to fill a gap in the existing certification procedures , it is now true to say that many , if not the majority , of those involved in such developments place their highest priority on the changes such procedures will bring about within the educational process itself .
whereas profiles were initially envisaged as a form of school-leaving report or record , and designed to fill a gap in the [being] certification procedures , it is now true to say that many , if not the majority , of those involved in such developments place their highest priority on the changes such procedures will bring about within the educational process itself .

Sadly , it seems more likely that the appeal of the existing examination tradition will remain vastly superior to that of a novel and relatively untried procedure .
sadly , it seems more likely that the appeal of the [being] examination tradition will remain vastly superior to that of a novel and relatively untried procedure .

More is expected than a scrutiny of existing evidence .
more is expected than a scrutiny of [being] evidence .

Many arguments have been put forward for a family perspective or policy statements to counter the apparently poor ‘ fit ’ between much existing social policy and significant social change ( Henwood and Wicks , 1988 ) .
many arguments have been put forward for a family perspective or policy statements to counter the apparently poor ‘ fit ’ between much [being] social policy and significant social change ( henwood and wicks , 1988 ) .

Whatever research might indicate , the power of existing values and beliefs about current issues is often stronger than the empirical evidence .
whatever research might indicate , the power of [being] values and beliefs about current issues is often stronger than the empirical evidence .

Much of our existing knowledge has been gathered from descriptive studies which lack controls and proper sampling procedures .
much of our [being] knowledge has been gathered from descriptive studies which lack controls and proper sampling procedures .

The new division joins Ask 's existing businesses , Ingres , Ask Computer Systems and Data 3 Systems .
the new division joins ask 's [being] businesses , ingres , ask computer systems and data 3 systems .

Instead , the initial implementation will appear as an Ethernet switch called the DragonSwitch , which fits into its existing Access/One hubs .
instead , the initial implementation will appear as an ethernet switch called the dragonswitch , which fits into its [being] access/one hubs .

Easel Corp , Burlington , Massachusetts software engineering tools developer has filed to offer 645,266 shares , all of them coming from existing holders , who acquired the shares in connection with Easel 's acquisition of Enfin Software Corp .
easel corp , burlington , massachusetts software engineering tools developer has filed to offer 645,266 shares , all of them coming from [being] holders , who acquired the shares in connection with easel 's acquisition of enfin software corp .

Not surprisingly , therefore , entrepreneurs and managers can become locked into an existing company structure which may perform not particularly well but adequately enough to survive , or to survive while its position is steadily being undermined by import penetration .
not surprisingly , therefore , entrepreneurs and managers can become locked into an [being] company structure which may perform not particularly well but adequately enough to survive , or to survive while its position is steadily being undermined by import penetration .

Instead , they have argued for non-discriminatory tariffs which , in effect , would be imposed in a way which would take the existing level of imports as a baseline .
instead , they have argued for non-discriminatory tariffs which , in effect , would be imposed in a way which would take the [being] level of imports as a baseline .

New policies — in particular the move to interventionist industrial policy in the 1960s — were , for all their political rhetoric , often in the nature of additions to existing ones rather than changes in them .
new policies — in particular the move to interventionist industrial policy in the 1960s — were , for all their political rhetoric , often in the nature of additions to [being] ones rather than changes in them .

Inherent in this type of research is the potential to generate new categories or variables and to reconsider existing analytic categories in a fashion that also addresses their validity .
inherent in this type of research is the potential to generate new categories or variables and to reconsider [being] analytic categories in a fashion that also addresses their validity .

‘ Following the failure of the stabiliser rear spar top chord , the structure could not sustain the flight loads imposed upon it long enough to enable the failure to be detected by the then existing inspection schedule .
‘ following the failure of the stabiliser rear spar top chord , the structure could not sustain the flight loads imposed upon it long enough to enable the failure to be detected by the then [being] inspection schedule .

The existing flight loads then caused a rapid break-up and separation of both tailplanes and elevators .
the [being] flight loads then caused a rapid break-up and separation of both tailplanes and elevators .

Instead of producing a specific group application like Lotus Notes , which has become virtually synonymous with the sector , Microsoft is concentrating on ‘ groupware-enabling ’ its existing applications .
instead of producing a specific group application like lotus notes , which has become virtually synonymous with the sector , microsoft is concentrating on ‘ groupware-enabling ’ its [being] applications .

From a technical point of view this is mainly nip and tuck stuff , but Microsoft is betting that the innovative use of existing technology will be a winner and is finally cashing in on all the application programming interfaces , dynamic data exchange , object linking and embedding facilities that it has been burying in its applications and operating systems for the last couple of years .
from a technical point of view this is mainly nip and tuck stuff , but microsoft is betting that the innovative use of [being] technology will be a winner and is finally cashing in on all the application programming interfaces , dynamic data exchange , object linking and embedding facilities that it has been burying in its applications and operating systems for the last couple of years .

The Common Open Software Environment 's systems management technology will be determined by X/Open Co Ltd 's existing systems management workgroup , a committee that will include all the current the Common Open Software Environment companies .
the common open software environment 's systems management technology will be determined by x/open co ltd 's [being] systems management workgroup , a committee that will include all the current the common open software environment companies .

Secondary aims included conforming to existing industry standards and defining interfaces to other languages .
secondary aims included conforming to [being] industry standards and defining interfaces to other languages .

Customers ' environments are evolving towards intensive use of commercial transaction processing servers , Hewlett-Packard Co suggests , and such users need support for high-performance commercial-grade input-output while minimising communications costs — and they need a system that is compatible with existing applications and networking equipment .
customers ' environments are evolving towards intensive use of commercial transaction processing servers , hewlett-packard co suggests , and such users need support for high-performance commercial-grade input-output while minimising communications costs — and they need a system that is compatible with [being] applications and networking equipment .

The upgrade acknowledges successful integration of three recently acquired businesses , enhancing an already strong business position and builds on the company 's existing processing capabilities , the rating firm said .
the upgrade acknowledges successful integration of three recently acquired businesses , enhancing an already strong business position and builds on the company 's [being] processing capabilities , the rating firm said .

It aims to take account of the operational needs of existing users , obligations that international treaties and organisations impose , the impact of technological developments and the availability of resources to meet recommendations and implement changes .
it aims to take account of the operational needs of [being] users , obligations that international treaties and organisations impose , the impact of technological developments and the availability of resources to meet recommendations and implement changes .

Existing computer systems can be made to fulfil their true role as time-saving management tools in the pursuit of competitive advantage .
[being] computer systems can be made to fulfil their true role as time-saving management tools in the pursuit of competitive advantage .

Our success is based on making an organisation 's use of new or existing computer systems efficient and effective .
our success is based on making an organisation 's use of new or [being] computer systems efficient and effective .

Alifabs Ambassador extruded aluminium fascia gutter and rainwater system is the design ideal for both new and existing buildings .
alifabs ambassador extruded aluminium fascia gutter and rainwater system is the design ideal for both new and [being] buildings .

Open Standards offer freedom … freedom to get the most from your existing investment , freedom to acquire the latest technology , freedom to choose the system that fits your needs most closely , regardless of vendor .
open standards offer freedom … freedom to get the most from your [being] investment , freedom to acquire the latest technology , freedom to choose the system that fits your needs most closely , regardless of vendor .

When you purchase any Micro Series system , you will be able to upgrade the processor to any available processor in the Graphite Micro Series range , ( e.g. from a 286–12Mhz to a 286–20Mhz or even any of the superfast 386 and 486 processors ) , within 18 months of your original purchase for the price difference between the new and existing processor .
when you purchase any micro series system , you will be able to upgrade the processor to any available processor in the graphite micro series range , ( e.g. from a 286–12mhz to a 286–20mhz or even any of the superfast 386 and 486 processors ) , within 18 months of your original purchase for the price difference between the new and [being] processor .

An example of how Apex specially reproduced a gutter system to maintain the character of the existing building by fabricating moulds using original , damaged cast iron gutters to reproduce an exact replica
an example of how apex specially reproduced a gutter system to maintain the character of the [being] building by fabricating moulds using original , damaged cast iron gutters to reproduce an exact replica

All necessary parts supplied including gaskets , piping , clips , adaptors for the existing inlet manifold and original airfilter , new manual choke assembly ( where needed ) and full instructions .
all necessary parts supplied including gaskets , piping , clips , adaptors for the [being] inlet manifold and original airfilter , new manual choke assembly ( where needed ) and full instructions .

Electricity consumers are paying a levy which goes to Nuclear Electric to help pay for the cost of removal and disposal of radioactive plant when existing nuclear power stations reach the end of their operating lives .
electricity consumers are paying a levy which goes to nuclear electric to help pay for the cost of removal and disposal of radioactive plant when [being] nuclear power stations reach the end of their operating lives .

Work to be done includes two new hangars , refurbishment of the four existing hangars , new married quarters , security fencing , improvements to gas , electric , water and sewage mains and to other buildings , including extra mess accommodation .
work to be done includes two new hangars , refurbishment of the four [being] hangars , new married quarters , security fencing , improvements to gas , electric , water and sewage mains and to other buildings , including extra mess accommodation .

From April next year the rate of mortgage interest relief will be reduced from 25 per cent to 20pc , although the existing ceiling of £30,000 will not change .
from april next year the rate of mortgage interest relief will be reduced from 25 per cent to 20pc , although the [being] ceiling of £30,000 will not change .

Oil companies were the main beneficiaries on news that the Petroleum Revenue Tax is to be cut on existing North Sea oil fields and scrapped on new fields .
oil companies were the main beneficiaries on news that the petroleum revenue tax is to be cut on [being] north sea oil fields and scrapped on new fields .

Essex Water Company have applied for permission to build five new buildings on the site of its existing Langham Valley treatment works in Boxted .
essex water company have applied for permission to build five new buildings on the site of its [being] langham valley treatment works in boxted .

It will also provide a new wheelchair ramp , porch and entrance area and allow an existing room to be designated as a quiet area .
it will also provide a new wheelchair ramp , porch and entrance area and allow an [being] room to be designated as a quiet area .

In the course of their analysis the authors determined the extent to which their proposed criteria agreed with those contained in other existing diagnostic schemes — some ten or twelve of them .
in the course of their analysis the authors determined the extent to which their proposed criteria agreed with those contained in other [being] diagnostic schemes — some ten or twelve of them .

It is supported by the Keep Sunday Special campaign but falls far short of the deregulation called for by many large stores currently opening on Sundays in breach of existing laws .
it is supported by the keep sunday special campaign but falls far short of the deregulation called for by many large stores currently opening on sundays in breach of [being] laws .

Sheets are allocated to the appropriate category by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and environmental significance .
sheets are allocated to the appropriate category by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of [being] map , resource potential , and environmental significance .

Geophysical work in the core programme has been focused on interpreting existing datasets , particularly so as to pick up evidence of underlying structural controls and increase our three dimensional understanding of the crust .
geophysical work in the core programme has been focused on interpreting [being] datasets , particularly so as to pick up evidence of underlying structural controls and increase our three dimensional understanding of the crust .

All the existing regional offices ( at Exeter , Aberystwyth and Newcastle ) remain , but most staff are based in Keyworth and Edinburgh .
all the [being] regional offices ( at exeter , aberystwyth and newcastle ) remain , but most staff are based in keyworth and edinburgh .

The 122 sheets to be resurveyed have been selected by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of existing map , resource potential , and level of user need .
the 122 sheets to be resurveyed have been selected by a scoring mechanism based on such criteria as date and scale of last survey , reliability of [being] map , resource potential , and level of user need .

Core programme activities have been focused on interpreting the existing datasets , with an emphasis on picking up evidence of underlying structural controls and increasing our three-dimensional understanding of the crust .
core programme activities have been focused on interpreting the [being] datasets , with an emphasis on picking up evidence of underlying structural controls and increasing our three-dimensional understanding of the crust .

The Jurassic palynology of north west Scotland , principally Skye , has been investigated to provide a reference section for offshore exploration in the Western Margin ( the Rockall Trough to the Faeroe-Shetland Channel ) , to provide biostratigraphical data for the Land Survey , and to test the existing palynomorph zonal schemes for the English Jurassic .
the jurassic palynology of north west scotland , principally skye , has been investigated to provide a reference section for offshore exploration in the western margin ( the rockall trough to the faeroe-shetland channel ) , to provide biostratigraphical data for the land survey , and to test the [being] palynomorph zonal schemes for the english jurassic .

Kenya The Editorial and Reporting Project aims to restart the publication programme of the Geological Survey Department by training junior Kenyan professional staff in field survey and report preparation , and by providing editorial and desk-top publishing services to eliminate an existing backlog of unpublished manuscripts .
kenya the editorial and reporting project aims to restart the publication programme of the geological survey department by training junior kenyan professional staff in field survey and report preparation , and by providing editorial and desk-top publishing services to eliminate an [being] backlog of unpublished manuscripts .

The club wants to develop an existing small-scale permission for gliding at Ridgewell by erecting permanent buildings , increasing the area of the runway and adding other on-site facilities .
the club wants to develop an [being] small-scale permission for gliding at ridgewell by erecting permanent buildings , increasing the area of the runway and adding other on-site facilities .

Director of Social Services , Bill Bulpin said existing arrangements were inadequate , however .
director of social services , bill bulpin said [being] arrangements were inadequate , however .

Those who argue for a ‘ carer 's benefit ’ need to ponder this point and consider ways in which such allowances could be used to support the existing arrangements in a household in which carers are in employment and wish to continue .
those who argue for a ‘ carer 's benefit ’ need to ponder this point and consider ways in which such allowances could be used to support the [being] arrangements in a household in which carers are in employment and wish to continue .

This in turn means that instead of patronising or colonising the community , existing statutory and voluntary agencies are going to have to live with it as an equal ’ .
this in turn means that instead of patronising or colonising the community , [being] statutory and voluntary agencies are going to have to live with it as an equal ’ .

Success typically gives access to one existing service , such as domiciliary care , and rejects another , such as residential care .
success typically gives access to one [being] service , such as domiciliary care , and rejects another , such as residential care .

Finally , unless selective assessments are properly evaluated there is no guarantee that they are correctly selecting those for whom existing provision is intended .
finally , unless selective assessments are properly evaluated there is no guarantee that they are correctly selecting those for whom [being] provision is intended .

The two courts , which are in the same complex as the existing Victorian police station will still be used .
the two courts , which are in the same complex as the [being] victorian police station will still be used .

He said the new cells were a great improvement on the existing station .
he said the new cells were a great improvement on the [being] station .

The tragedy of the situation is that if the application succeeds , it will destroy the wildlife ‘ safe haven ’ he has created , as the existing lakes will be used as settling basins for the millions of gallons of water and sediment to be pumped from the proposed gravel pit .
the tragedy of the situation is that if the application succeeds , it will destroy the wildlife ‘ safe haven ’ he has created , as the [being] lakes will be used as settling basins for the millions of gallons of water and sediment to be pumped from the proposed gravel pit .

He is delighted and yesterday said : ‘ This is extremely good news because it is imperative that the cathedral has the ability to maintain its justifiably high standard of music , and a new organ is badly needed as the existing one is now beyond repair . ’
he is delighted and yesterday said : ‘ this is extremely good news because it is imperative that the cathedral has the ability to maintain its justifiably high standard of music , and a new organ is badly needed as the [being] one is now beyond repair . ’

On the figures he gave , it is an open question whether foreign bankers will want to finance the continuing borrowing requirement at existing interest rates and at the existing parity of sterling .
on the figures he gave , it is an open question whether foreign bankers will want to finance the continuing borrowing requirement at [being] interest rates and at the [being] parity of sterling .

The existing asylum procedures were clearly inadequate to deal fairly and effectively with the current level of asylum-seekers .
the [being] asylum procedures were clearly inadequate to deal fairly and effectively with the current level of asylum-seekers .

Chronic under-resourcing of the Home Office 's Asylum Division , and the long-ignored deficiencies of the existing procedures , have resulted in a backlog of more than 60,000 cases .
chronic under-resourcing of the home office 's asylum division , and the long-ignored deficiencies of the [being] procedures , have resulted in a backlog of more than 60,000 cases .

Easy to get on with , familiar and quite literally you wo n't know how you managed before , that is of course unless your existing cooker is a New World .
easy to get on with , familiar and quite literally you wo n't know how you managed before , that is of course unless your [being] cooker is a new world .

The devices , named ‘ OvenSafe ’ and ‘ GrillSafe ’ , clip neatly over the existing glass door , presenting a cooler , safer surface to the touch .
the devices , named ‘ ovensafe ’ and ‘ grillsafe ’ , clip neatly over the [being] glass door , presenting a cooler , safer surface to the touch .

According to refugee experts , existing procedures failed to identify and protect genuine refugees .
according to refugee experts , [being] procedures failed to identify and protect genuine refugees .

He stuck to these attitudes through the 1820s and after , and could see no reason to take up the new liberal and radical ideas , which aimed at further break-up of the existing order of things .
he stuck to these attitudes through the 1820s and after , and could see no reason to take up the new liberal and radical ideas , which aimed at further break-up of the [being] order of things .

For those who put their faith in the existing Union , sovereignty lies with whoever can command a majority in the House of Commons .
for those who put their faith in the [being] union , sovereignty lies with whoever can command a majority in the house of commons .

If you are still using a standard radio system and only wish to execute the occasional loop or roll , then you can continue with your existing equipment , but you should realise that you are not going to be able to perform round loops or axial rolls .
if you are still using a standard radio system and only wish to execute the occasional loop or roll , then you can continue with your [being] equipment , but you should realise that you are not going to be able to perform round loops or axial rolls .

For the first time existing established squadrons were aboard .
for the first time [being] established squadrons were aboard .

The constraint can be written and involves adding the implicit row ( or modifying an existing implicit row to ) where is the fractional part of .
the constraint can be written and involves adding the implicit row ( or modifying an [being] implicit row to ) where is the fractional part of .

Those who seek to repair the damage caused by the creation of more wealth are only locking us more deeply into the source of the evil ; and Labour 's submission to this cruel belief robs it of any claim to significant opposition to the existing order .
those who seek to repair the damage caused by the creation of more wealth are only locking us more deeply into the source of the evil ; and labour 's submission to this cruel belief robs it of any claim to significant opposition to the [being] order .

The clear message sent is that voters have lost faith in existing governing parties that enjoyed riding the long boom of the 1980s , but have no policies for a post-Berlin Wall Europe .
the clear message sent is that voters have lost faith in [being] governing parties that enjoyed riding the long boom of the 1980s , but have no policies for a post-berlin wall europe .

The failure of imagination to embrace the needs and possibilities of reuniting Europe and to support the democratic change in the former Soviet Union have exposed the shallowness of current leaders and the outdatedness of existing political systems .
the failure of imagination to embrace the needs and possibilities of reuniting europe and to support the democratic change in the former soviet union have exposed the shallowness of current leaders and the outdatedness of [being] political systems .

Socialists have no role to play in being ‘ last-ditch partisans ’ of the existing electoral system or , indeed , the existing structure of the British State .
socialists have no role to play in being ‘ last-ditch partisans ’ of the [being] electoral system or , indeed , the [being] structure of the british state .

Existing parentcraft books and leaflets , couched in unfamiliar language , are therefore often unsuitable .
[being] parentcraft books and leaflets , couched in unfamiliar language , are therefore often unsuitable .

We stressed that their existing methods of weight control were not particularly effective .
we stressed that their [being] methods of weight control were not particularly effective .

Independence is as fictitious as the homogenous nation state , yet is is thought of as an ‘ objective ’ , because it is not possible at the moment to separate from an existing dominant state without making your own alternative .
independence is as fictitious as the homogenous nation state , yet is is thought of as an ‘ objective ’ , because it is not possible at the moment to separate from an [being] dominant state without making your own alternative .

And although the head count of ‘ nation states ’ within that organisation is increasing by the year , it is unlikely ever to encompass all the 4,000 or so distinct peoples that UN-sponsored studies have identified as existing in the world .
and although the head count of ‘ nation states ’ within that organisation is increasing by the year , it is unlikely ever to encompass all the 4,000 or so distinct peoples that un-sponsored studies have identified as [being] in the world .

This mutation takes two forms , which have little or nothing in common except the need or desire to control state policy : national separatism and national xenophobia , which means being against foreigners by setting up ‘ our ’ own state , and being against them by excluding them from ‘ our ’ already existing state .
this mutation takes two forms , which have little or nothing in common except the need or desire to control state policy : national separatism and national xenophobia , which means being against foreigners by setting up ‘ our ’ own state , and being against them by excluding them from ‘ our ’ already [being] state .

The way to avoid this was to vote Tory and secure a majority government maintaining the existing system .
the way to avoid this was to vote tory and secure a majority government maintaining the [being] system .

In the circumstances of the rapid impoverishment of most people and the simultaneous existence of political freedoms , the revival of communist and socialist movements and parties as a legal opposition to the existing regime was inevitable .
in the circumstances of the rapid impoverishment of most people and the simultaneous existence of political freedoms , the revival of communist and socialist movements and parties as a legal opposition to the [being] regime was inevitable .

Co-opting radical rhetoric to gain influence , and existing institutions to gain power , fundamentalists are pushing communities and individuals to redefine their identity in religious terms .
co-opting radical rhetoric to gain influence , and [being] institutions to gain power , fundamentalists are pushing communities and individuals to redefine their identity in religious terms .

The Cobe evidence will flesh out the skeleton of existing knowledge and allow astronomers to begin to chose between competing cosmological theories .
the cobe evidence will flesh out the skeleton of [being] knowledge and allow astronomers to begin to chose between competing cosmological theories .

Success with self-consciously modest projects ( for example , a non-sectarian daily paper through which the existing left can talk to itself , before attempting a popular tabloid ) is the only way to build the confidence needed for any greater shift in the fundamental poles of national political culture .
success with self-consciously modest projects ( for example , a non-sectarian daily paper through which the [being] left can talk to itself , before attempting a popular tabloid ) is the only way to build the confidence needed for any greater shift in the fundamental poles of national political culture .

Firstly , it has led to the improvement of existing products , either in their specification or price , or both .
firstly , it has led to the improvement of [being] products , either in their specification or price , or both .

However , despite the publicity given to the more extravagant claims about the impact of new technology on the level of unemployment , and the popular notion that the silicon chip is a job destroyer , a survey , published in 1979 , of some 400 documents on the effect of the new information technologies on employment showed ‘ how little foundation there is to existing studies , half of which are by pessimists ( often with a trade union background ) and the other half by optimists ( who tend to be on the employers ’ side ) ’ ( Institute for Research on Public Policy 1979 ) .
however , despite the publicity given to the more extravagant claims about the impact of new technology on the level of unemployment , and the popular notion that the silicon chip is a job destroyer , a survey , published in 1979 , of some 400 documents on the effect of the new information technologies on employment showed ‘ how little foundation there is to [being] studies , half of which are by pessimists ( often with a trade union background ) and the other half by optimists ( who tend to be on the employers ’ side ) ’ ( institute for research on public policy 1979 ) .

He accepts the widely held view that the development of mass-production industry produced a sharp deterioration in the conditions of manual work and led to the emergence of a type of worker who combined a generalised hostility to the prevailing society with a primary preoccupation with militant economic action ; but he suggests that , as technology continues to develop , the increased use of full automation will eliminate many of the deepest sources of resentment about work , and , in so doing , encourage normative integration within the existing social structure of the enterprise .
he accepts the widely held view that the development of mass-production industry produced a sharp deterioration in the conditions of manual work and led to the emergence of a type of worker who combined a generalised hostility to the prevailing society with a primary preoccupation with militant economic action ; but he suggests that , as technology continues to develop , the increased use of full automation will eliminate many of the deepest sources of resentment about work , and , in so doing , encourage normative integration within the [being] social structure of the enterprise .

Serge Mallet ( 1969 ) , writing in the context of developments in political theory in France , and hence particularly concerned with issues of class consciousness and conflict , took a view directly contrary to Woodward , arguing that new technology was leading to the development of new forms of class conflict that would threaten fundamentally the stability of the existing structure of the capitalist enterprise .
serge mallet ( 1969 ) , writing in the context of developments in political theory in france , and hence particularly concerned with issues of class consciousness and conflict , took a view directly contrary to woodward , arguing that new technology was leading to the development of new forms of class conflict that would threaten fundamentally the stability of the [being] structure of the capitalist enterprise .

In sharp contrast to Blauner , who argues that this ‘ objective integration ’ will lead to social integration of workers and management , Mallet argues that this objective integration has the opposite effect , leading to a new form of revolutionary consciousness that aims at the overthrow of the existing pattern of social relations in the enterprise .
in sharp contrast to blauner , who argues that this ‘ objective integration ’ will lead to social integration of workers and management , mallet argues that this objective integration has the opposite effect , leading to a new form of revolutionary consciousness that aims at the overthrow of the [being] pattern of social relations in the enterprise .

For Naville , given his Marxist theoretical perspective , this visible autonomy sweeps aside the veil and reveals the nature of the existing patterns of hierarchical organisation in their true light — as patterns that are socially , and not technologically , determined .
for naville , given his marxist theoretical perspective , this visible autonomy sweeps aside the veil and reveals the nature of the [being] patterns of hierarchical organisation in their true light — as patterns that are socially , and not technologically , determined .

Secondly , argues Naville , there is a growing contradiction between the requirements of the work process and the existing system of social relations :
secondly , argues naville , there is a growing contradiction between the requirements of the work process and the [being] system of social relations :

Similarly with regard to attitudes to management , the British workers fitted the Blauner model , expressing a high level of contentment with existing procedures of decision making and a consensus about organisational goals , whereas the French saw their enterprises as socially dichotomous and exploitative .
similarly with regard to attitudes to management , the british workers fitted the blauner model , expressing a high level of contentment with [being] procedures of decision making and a consensus about organisational goals , whereas the french saw their enterprises as socially dichotomous and exploitative .

Notifications for Channel Islands Airspace have reverted to the situation existing before the recent airspace classification .
notifications for channel islands airspace have reverted to the situation [being] before the recent airspace classification .

On a recent flight over the area a crane was to be seen alongside the existing hangars , and the timber-framing for the first of the new houses was already taking shape .
on a recent flight over the area a crane was to be seen alongside the [being] hangars , and the timber-framing for the first of the new houses was already taking shape .

There are a number of existing and planned developments in this area with , we regret , the usual sales touts pestering tourists on street corners .
there are a number of [being] and planned developments in this area with , we regret , the usual sales touts pestering tourists on street corners .

Replacing ‘ bourgeois ’ relationships with new revolutionary patterns of consciousness meant virtually every aspect of existing life — sexual orientation and partners , domestic arrangements , employment — could be challenged at the whim of a therapist , with accommodation a condition of remaining in therapy .
replacing ‘ bourgeois ’ relationships with new revolutionary patterns of consciousness meant virtually every aspect of [being] life — sexual orientation and partners , domestic arrangements , employment — could be challenged at the whim of a therapist , with accommodation a condition of remaining in therapy .

They can sell this package to their existing customers .
they can sell this package to their [being] customers .

Southern Rhodesia soon became a self-governing colony , whereupon its settlers were directly represented in government : a situation different from that existing in Northern Rhodesia .
southern rhodesia soon became a self-governing colony , whereupon its settlers were directly represented in government : a situation different from that [being] in northern rhodesia .

When journalists and broadcasters are recruited for an established media organization — a newspaper , radio or television service — there is already an existing tradition , a set of values , professional codes and ethics , into which they must fit .
when journalists and broadcasters are recruited for an established media organization — a newspaper , radio or television service — there is already an [being] tradition , a set of values , professional codes and ethics , into which they must fit .

Two further reasons have been given for the establishment of government-owned newspapers or for the taking over of existing privately owned ones . One was given by Kenya 's first Minister of Information in 1963 :
two further reasons have been given for the establishment of government-owned newspapers or for the taking over of [being] privately owned ones . one was given by kenya 's first minister of information in 1963 :

The existing ordinance gave him enough power .
the [being] ordinance gave him enough power .

However , existing technology , combined with economic considerations , made that seem inevitable .
however , [being] technology , combined with economic considerations , made that seem inevitable .

As things stood , although the Government was able to refuse registration to a newspaper on the grounds of some technicality or other , nothing in law prevented a person from using one of the existing , properly registered newspapers to put over a particular political line .
as things stood , although the government was able to refuse registration to a newspaper on the grounds of some technicality or other , nothing in law prevented a person from using one of the [being] , properly registered newspapers to put over a particular political line .

The existing libertarian order in the West is no longer rooted in a consensus that drains its inspiration ultimately from a common set of unquestioned beliefs .
the [being] libertarian order in the west is no longer rooted in a consensus that drains its inspiration ultimately from a common set of unquestioned beliefs .

There is no subtler , no surer way of overturning the existing basis of society than to debauch the currency .
there is no subtler , no surer way of overturning the [being] basis of society than to debauch the currency .

One is to conceive of them as being deliberately designed for the purposes they serve , the implication of which is that we should be constantly reforming existing institutions so that they may better serve those ends for which they were intended .
one is to conceive of them as being deliberately designed for the purposes they serve , the implication of which is that we should be constantly reforming [being] institutions so that they may better serve those ends for which they were intended .

The reason the market economy or catallaxy produces fresh wealth rather than simply redistributing existing wealth is critically bound up with the way in which market prices act as signals containing vital information .
the reason the market economy or catallaxy produces fresh wealth rather than simply redistributing [being] wealth is critically bound up with the way in which market prices act as signals containing vital information .

Because change occurs as a result of the social conflict resulting from the exploitation of the majority by the minority , Marx and Engels can confidently assert in the Communist Manifesto that ‘ the history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles ’ .
because change occurs as a result of the social conflict resulting from the exploitation of the majority by the minority , marx and engels can confidently assert in the communist manifesto that ‘ the history of all hitherto [being] society is the history of class struggles ’ .

The reason for the deficit was the enormous increase in government expenditure and the inability of the government either to increase the rates of existing taxes or raise new taxes .
the reason for the deficit was the enormous increase in government expenditure and the inability of the government either to increase the rates of [being] taxes or raise new taxes .

And third , there was the prospect that in every area of manufacturing , trade and commerce new limited liability companies could be established which would keep existing companies on their toes .
and third , there was the prospect that in every area of manufacturing , trade and commerce new limited liability companies could be established which would keep [being] companies on their toes .

If , for example , a haulage company wished to acquire a Volvo heavy goods vehicle as an addition to its existing mixed Meet of lorries , it would be given time — say , three years — to repay the sum borrowed , paying interest at a commercial rate each month for 36 months .
if , for example , a haulage company wished to acquire a volvo heavy goods vehicle as an addition to its [being] mixed meet of lorries , it would be given time — say , three years — to repay the sum borrowed , paying interest at a commercial rate each month for 36 months .

testing at Tomduff found the situation there to be as good as or better than those with the existing producers of andalusite in South Africa .
testing at tomduff found the situation there to be as good as or better than those with the [being] producers of andalusite in south africa .

An open letter to the meeting by nine local doctors argued the factory would ‘ unfortunately constitute a definite health hazard to the existing local population and in the long term to their children … .
an open letter to the meeting by nine local doctors argued the factory would ‘ unfortunately constitute a definite health hazard to the [being] local population and in the long term to their children … .

Still , he wanted to keep something of that spirit , if only its dauntlessness in what looked like a hopeless future ; for similarly contemporary reasons he wanted to offer his readers a model of elementary virtue existing without the support of religion .
still , he wanted to keep something of that spirit , if only its dauntlessness in what looked like a hopeless future ; for similarly contemporary reasons he wanted to offer his readers a model of elementary virtue [being] without the support of religion .

If we look to existing trends for advice , it seems likely that the coffin stools , hearse and candles would have been kept at the church and put into place by the parish clerk and/or sexton .
if we look to [being] trends for advice , it seems likely that the coffin stools , hearse and candles would have been kept at the church and put into place by the parish clerk and/or sexton .

It would be misleading to imply that there were only three strata of funeral existing at the end of the sixteenth century — monarchial , noble and guild ; what one had depended entirely on one 's status .
it would be misleading to imply that there were only three strata of funeral [being] at the end of the sixteenth century — monarchial , noble and guild ; what one had depended entirely on one 's status .

Whether the coffin-maker produced a bespoke outer case or took one from existing stock is not known , though logic argues in favour of the latter .
whether the coffin-maker produced a bespoke outer case or took one from [being] stock is not known , though logic argues in favour of the latter .

It takes the form of a dark , slightly raised lump — perhaps an existing mole which enlarges and bleeds .
it takes the form of a dark , slightly raised lump — perhaps an [being] mole which enlarges and bleeds .

It is kinder and easier to the skin to freshen up your existing make-up , highlighting and exaggerating for the artificial light of night .
it is kinder and easier to the skin to freshen up your [being] make-up , highlighting and exaggerating for the artificial light of night .

One of the first things that needed to be done was to get a short survey of existing conditions , and with the help of all departments the following summary was made : Burma Today
one of the first things that needed to be done was to get a short survey of [being] conditions , and with the help of all departments the following summary was made : burma today

The demographic data we have provided are accurate enough , but no resemblance to any existing hotel or hotels in Knutsford is intended , and the competitive position described here is not the same as it is in reality .
the demographic data we have provided are accurate enough , but no resemblance to any [being] hotel or hotels in knutsford is intended , and the competitive position described here is not the same as it is in reality .

An analysis of the existing manpower resources , with proposals regarding retraining and/or redeployment if appropriate
an analysis of the [being] manpower resources , with proposals regarding retraining and/or redeployment if appropriate

The demographic data we have provided is accurate enough , but no resemblance to any existing restaurant chain is intended .
the demographic data we have provided is accurate enough , but no resemblance to any [being] restaurant chain is intended .

Equipment could be located at any of the existing restaurants without serious dislocation or additional expense .
equipment could be located at any of the [being] restaurants without serious dislocation or additional expense .

The background data we have provided are genuine enough , but ‘ Southgate Street ’ does not exist , and no resemblance to any existing establishment is intended .
the background data we have provided are genuine enough , but ‘ southgate street ’ does not exist , and no resemblance to any [being] establishment is intended .

He either buys an existing property or builds a new one .
he either buys an [being] property or builds a new one .

There are additional advantages in setting up a timeshare development in conjunction with an existing hotel .
there are additional advantages in setting up a timeshare development in conjunction with an [being] hotel .

It has been found elsewhere that once a development has become established , the second 50 per cent of all the time periods is largely sold through existing owners recommending the development to their friends .
it has been found elsewhere that once a development has become established , the second 50 per cent of all the time periods is largely sold through [being] owners recommending the development to their friends .

Contributions in respect of current service and the cost of augmenting existing pensions are charged against profits .
contributions in respect of current service and the cost of augmenting [being] pensions are charged against profits .

If enough of those accepted the Anglo-Welsh offer , control might well pass to the conglomerate , with embarrassing and even financially damaging consequences for the existing Board members .
if enough of those accepted the anglo-welsh offer , control might well pass to the conglomerate , with embarrassing and even financially damaging consequences for the [being] board members .

If a case clearly invites you to redesign a kitchen because the existing layout does n't conform to the food hygiene regulations and you miss this , then obviously you should n't get as many marks as someone who has spotted it .
if a case clearly invites you to redesign a kitchen because the [being] layout does n't conform to the food hygiene regulations and you miss this , then obviously you should n't get as many marks as someone who has spotted it .

It appears that the Brasserie was opened on the basis of a ‘ hunch ’ , and while it may well have a ready-made market in L'Auberge 's existing clientele , there was always a risk that this would simply be split between the two units .
it appears that the brasserie was opened on the basis of a ‘ hunch ’ , and while it may well have a ready-made market in l'auberge 's [being] clientele , there was always a risk that this would simply be split between the two units .

It will only cause a problem where none exists and provide an excuse for delaying payments on existing debts .
it will only cause a problem where none exists and provide an excuse for delaying payments on [being] debts .

The acquisition of Hillmarden House and Alex 's flat , plus the sale of their existing home , made her decide to give up work in June , rather than September .
the acquisition of hillmarden house and alex 's flat , plus the sale of their [being] home , made her decide to give up work in june , rather than september .

There are several products available which can actually help repair existing damage plus they protect the hair , thus preventing further damage .
there are several products available which can actually help repair [being] damage plus they protect the hair , thus preventing further damage .

Vologsky was like a zombie , existing on the outermost fringe of sentient life .
vologsky was like a zombie , [being] on the outermost fringe of sentient life .

The big oil strike near Tollemarche had been responsible for an upheaval in the existing order ; and the fight for social status , before a fixed pecking order could be re-established , was a ruthless one , waged in every drawing-room , church hall and charitable institution .
the big oil strike near tollemarche had been responsible for an upheaval in the [being] order ; and the fight for social status , before a fixed pecking order could be re-established , was a ruthless one , waged in every drawing-room , church hall and charitable institution .

Compaq has come out with a new version of its SystemPro server and cut prices on its existing SystemPros by up to 21 % : the new 33MHz 80486-based SystemPro is claimed to deliver up to 70 % better server performance at up to $ 5,000 less than current SystemPro models — the new models are from $ 12,800 to $ 23,000 .
compaq has come out with a new version of its systempro server and cut prices on its [being] systempros by up to 21 % : the new 33mhz 80486-based systempro is claimed to deliver up to 70 % better server performance at up to $ 5,000 less than current systempro models — the new models are from $ 12,800 to $ 23,000 .

Sun Microsystems Inc has signed a long-term lease for three buildings in Chelmsford , Massachusetts to consolidate the four existing offices it has in the state .
sun microsystems inc has signed a long-term lease for three buildings in chelmsford , massachusetts to consolidate the four [being] offices it has in the state .

His hope is that eventually , if a member company goes into liquidation , the other members will fulfil its existing warranties , and refund money to those who 've lost out .
his hope is that eventually , if a member company goes into liquidation , the other members will fulfil its [being] warranties , and refund money to those who 've lost out .

Finally , you can upgrade any of your existing Microsoft applications for just £99 .
finally , you can upgrade any of your [being] microsoft applications for just £99 .

Toolbars are also customizable ; you can construct your own by dragging tools from existing bars and attaching them to your own .
toolbars are also customizable ; you can construct your own by dragging tools from [being] bars and attaching them to your own .

The former is an interface to existing database tables , allowing the information contained to be queried and used in your worksheets .
the former is an interface to [being] database tables , allowing the information contained to be queried and used in your worksheets .

It might be tempting to run a network cable inside an existing duct or trunking system that contains other cables , but make sure you check it out first .
it might be tempting to run a network cable inside an [being] duct or trunking system that contains other cables , but make sure you check it out first .

Designed to nip in the bud any incipient growth in villages , it was successful , so far as the city was concerned , probably because it did no more than sanction the existing situation , even though in the fifteenth century the trade had flourished at Hartlebury , which remained an important centre of the specialised craft of fulling .
designed to nip in the bud any incipient growth in villages , it was successful , so far as the city was concerned , probably because it did no more than sanction the [being] situation , even though in the fifteenth century the trade had flourished at hartlebury , which remained an important centre of the specialised craft of fulling .

Objectivity Inc has integrated its Objectivity/DB database with Persistence Software Inc 's Persistence application development environment , claiming at allows developers to write object-oriented applications that work will with existing relational and object databases .
objectivity inc has integrated its objectivity/db database with persistence software inc 's persistence application development environment , claiming at allows developers to write object-oriented applications that work will with [being] relational and object databases .

In reality , it is to introduce as a solution a concept which itself poses a theoretical problem , for as it is adopted and understood it is an uncriticized concept , a concept which , like all ‘ obvious ’ concepts , threatens to have for theoretical content no more than the function that the existing or dominant ideology defines for it .
in reality , it is to introduce as a solution a concept which itself poses a theoretical problem , for as it is adopted and understood it is an uncriticized concept , a concept which , like all ‘ obvious ’ concepts , threatens to have for theoretical content no more than the function that the [being] or dominant ideology defines for it .

While he retained his criticisms of rationality , Foucault substituted the idea of an otherness at work within reason for that of a repressed alterity existing outside or beyond it .
while he retained his criticisms of rationality , foucault substituted the idea of an otherness at work within reason for that of a repressed alterity [being] outside or beyond it .

Sun Microsystems Inc says that henceforward it will ship a microphone with every Sparcstation desktop workstation : the machine already includes built-in speaker and bundled software for easily playing , recording and receiving audio ; existing users can have it for $30 .
sun microsystems inc says that henceforward it will ship a microphone with every sparcstation desktop workstation : the machine already includes built-in speaker and bundled software for easily playing , recording and receiving audio ; [being] users can have it for $30 .

Secondary aims included conforming to existing industry standards and defining interfaces to other languages .
secondary aims included conforming to [being] industry standards and defining interfaces to other languages .

In the field of child abuse , there is no existing body of research work or official data on how this is accomplished by the professionals involved .
in the field of child abuse , there is no [being] body of research work or official data on how this is accomplished by the professionals involved .

Work on women can not simply be added on to existing , flawed bodies of thought but requires a revolution in the ways in which we think about men as well as women , about work as well as the family , about political and public as well as private issues .
work on women can not simply be added on to [being] , flawed bodies of thought but requires a revolution in the ways in which we think about men as well as women , about work as well as the family , about political and public as well as private issues .

The feminist challenge threatens to upset not only existing assumptions and findings but also the whole way in which knowledge is produced and valued .
the feminist challenge threatens to upset not only [being] assumptions and findings but also the whole way in which knowledge is produced and valued .

How often are they raised by adding on a small , discrete area to existing topics ( for example , ‘ Women in … ’ ) — thereby leaving the rest untouched — rather than acknowledging that feminism has generated a challenge to the whole field ?
how often are they raised by adding on a small , discrete area to [being] topics ( for example , ‘ women in … ’ ) — thereby leaving the rest untouched — rather than acknowledging that feminism has generated a challenge to the whole field ?

In a useful review of existing work on women 's relation to electoral and work-based politics , Siltanen and Stanworth ( 1984 ) argue for a complete rethink in political analysis .
in a useful review of [being] work on women 's relation to electoral and work-based politics , siltanen and stanworth ( 1984 ) argue for a complete rethink in political analysis .

No other social institutions changed , no alterations were made in the sexual division of labour and the previously existing power structure .
no other social institutions changed , no alterations were made in the sexual division of labour and the previously [being] power structure .

Early in 1935 , the medical officer of health , Dr. Welch , and the county surveyor submitted a report on the existing accommodation at St. Peter 's Hospital ; there were 98 beds and 16 cots , with a small observation block for mental cases .
early in 1935 , the medical officer of health , dr. welch , and the county surveyor submitted a report on the [being] accommodation at st. peter 's hospital ; there were 98 beds and 16 cots , with a small observation block for mental cases .

The existing brick bungalow , to the north of the chapel , which constituted the lunatic wards in the 1916 plan should , they suggested , be adapted for the isolation of cases of puerperal fever ( a general term including ‘ the several affections which may occur as a direct result of childbirth ’ ) .
the [being] brick bungalow , to the north of the chapel , which constituted the lunatic wards in the 1916 plan should , they suggested , be adapted for the isolation of cases of puerperal fever ( a general term including ‘ the several affections which may occur as a direct result of childbirth ’ ) .

Having regard to the requirements of the county as a whole , he wrote , and having the advantage of consultation with members of the Ministry of Health , he had decided to recommend the addition of two wings each of three storeys , providing a further 81 beds and a two-bedded ward to be added to a small existing building .
having regard to the requirements of the county as a whole , he wrote , and having the advantage of consultation with members of the ministry of health , he had decided to recommend the addition of two wings each of three storeys , providing a further 81 beds and a two-bedded ward to be added to a small [being] building .

The two existing verandahs were to be used for patient accommodation ‘ for which they were intended ’ and the number of patients in the present wards should be reduced by 17 ‘ to conform to standards of spacing ’ .
the two [being] verandahs were to be used for patient accommodation ‘ for which they were intended ’ and the number of patients in the present wards should be reduced by 17 ‘ to conform to standards of spacing ’ .

( When subsequently , the hospital became crowded almost to bursting point with the influx of evacuee patients from London , the master reported to the Guardians Committee that , owing to limited cooking facilities and greatly increased numbers , it had become necessary to suspend the existing dietary — which had so displeased Mr.J. — and adopt a more simplified bill of fare . )
( when subsequently , the hospital became crowded almost to bursting point with the influx of evacuee patients from london , the master reported to the guardians committee that , owing to limited cooking facilities and greatly increased numbers , it had become necessary to suspend the [being] dietary — which had so displeased mr.j. — and adopt a more simplified bill of fare . )

The master reported that the new maternity unit had been opened in addition to the existing temporary maternity ward because of a considerable increase in the number of such patients .
the master reported that the new maternity unit had been opened in addition to the [being] temporary maternity ward because of a considerable increase in the number of such patients .

The attention of the council was drawn to an anomaly in the existing arrangements for patients suffering from pulmonary tuberculosis .
the attention of the council was drawn to an anomaly in the [being] arrangements for patients suffering from pulmonary tuberculosis .

Consequently , to prepare for integration , the existing structure may need a thorough overhaul achieved by a comprehensive programme of planned staff and curriculum development .
consequently , to prepare for integration , the [being] structure may need a thorough overhaul achieved by a comprehensive programme of planned staff and curriculum development .

More people are now aware of the built-in hazards that go with attempting to deal with a difficulty away from the context in which it arises , of the illogicality of such endeavour , and the wastefulness of selective provision that fails to maximise the school 's and school services ' existing resources .
more people are now aware of the built-in hazards that go with attempting to deal with a difficulty away from the context in which it arises , of the illogicality of such endeavour , and the wastefulness of selective provision that fails to maximise the school 's and school services ' [being] resources .

Furthermore , such a structure should also cater for the need for ongoing support of special needs post-holders , to deepen their awareness of existing expectations and evolving needs of the fellow professionals with whom they are working — expectations and anxieties both voiced and unvoiced ( cf Laslett and Smith 1984 ) .
furthermore , such a structure should also cater for the need for ongoing support of special needs post-holders , to deepen their awareness of [being] expectations and evolving needs of the fellow professionals with whom they are working — expectations and anxieties both voiced and unvoiced ( cf laslett and smith 1984 ) .

In conclusion , joint problem-solving and the consultative sharing of expertise can maximise scarce existing resources and increase the capacity of teachers to meet the individual needs of all children ; stimulate teachers ' personal judgment and initiative as to the best educational ‘ therapies ’ open to them , raise their sights as to how to help all children , whatever their difficulties , to learn and to cope , how to offer them those ‘ good school experiences such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities ’ found to be so valuable even in later life ( cf Quinton and Rutter 1988 ) .
in conclusion , joint problem-solving and the consultative sharing of expertise can maximise scarce [being] resources and increase the capacity of teachers to meet the individual needs of all children ; stimulate teachers ' personal judgment and initiative as to the best educational ‘ therapies ’ open to them , raise their sights as to how to help all children , whatever their difficulties , to learn and to cope , how to offer them those ‘ good school experiences such as some form of success , accomplishment , sense of self-esteem or just pleasure in school activities ’ found to be so valuable even in later life ( cf quinton and rutter 1988 ) .

Third , the range of existing services seems unable to cope with the demand .
third , the range of [being] services seems unable to cope with the demand .

Egalitarian feminist psychology analyses traditional psychology 's errors and omissions about gender , and hopes to correct them by bringing in more female psychologists , extending male-oriented psychological work to include women , and adjusting existing procedures and theories .
egalitarian feminist psychology analyses traditional psychology 's errors and omissions about gender , and hopes to correct them by bringing in more female psychologists , extending male-oriented psychological work to include women , and adjusting [being] procedures and theories .

First , they extend its existing range , studying female subjects in areas which have previously been researched using predominantly male samples .
first , they extend its [being] range , studying female subjects in areas which have previously been researched using predominantly male samples .

But in feminist psychology , as in the mainstream discipline , their lack of procedural structure can reinforce existing patterns of social relations .
but in feminist psychology , as in the mainstream discipline , their lack of procedural structure can reinforce [being] patterns of social relations .

This notion of psychological self-help becomes the basis for their feminist politics ( 1979 : 136 ) , the means whereby individuals and collectives can insert themselves into gaps in existing power structures .
this notion of psychological self-help becomes the basis for their feminist politics ( 1979 : 136 ) , the means whereby individuals and collectives can insert themselves into gaps in [being] power structures .

Humanist psychology 's caution about change can add to egalitarian feminist psychology 's existing theoretical timidity .
humanist psychology 's caution about change can add to egalitarian feminist psychology 's [being] theoretical timidity .

This version of feminism sees the key to changing gender relations , not in increased female access to existing power structures , but in resisting these patriarchal structures from outside , and liberating women 's specific political , cultural , or biological potential .
this version of feminism sees the key to changing gender relations , not in increased female access to [being] power structures , but in resisting these patriarchal structures from outside , and liberating women 's specific political , cultural , or biological potential .

Egalitarian feminist psychologists sometimes argue against the assimilation of feminists into existing psychological professions , and for their separate organization .
egalitarian feminist psychologists sometimes argue against the assimilation of feminists into [being] psychological professions , and for their separate organization .

At one point , it even adopts the most severe , falsificationist version of traditional method , arguing that any one of its falsifications of the existing psychological theory of moral reasoning should lead that theory to be rejected .
at one point , it even adopts the most severe , falsificationist version of traditional method , arguing that any one of its falsifications of the [being] psychological theory of moral reasoning should lead that theory to be rejected .

So within specific cultural contexts , the mass media are able to employ existing cultural referents because , like coins of exchange , they are comprehended by all .
so within specific cultural contexts , the mass media are able to employ [being] cultural referents because , like coins of exchange , they are comprehended by all .

Of all the existing means of mass communication , it is only the press that has spawned a set of ‘ theories ’ to explain and to justify its actions and its purposes .
of all the [being] means of mass communication , it is only the press that has spawned a set of ‘ theories ’ to explain and to justify its actions and its purposes .

’ It is , in brief , a reaction to all the evils of the present media and the existing processes of communication .
’ it is , in brief , a reaction to all the evils of the present media and the [being] processes of communication .

Such a reform would be welcome indeed and would remove the existing bias towards ‘ the great and the good ’ but would it enable the broadcasting authorities to be more assertive in their dealings with governments ?
such a reform would be welcome indeed and would remove the [being] bias towards ‘ the great and the good ’ but would it enable the broadcasting authorities to be more assertive in their dealings with governments ?

There has been a tendency for newspapers to represent both existing political parties and emergent ones .
there has been a tendency for newspapers to represent both [being] political parties and emergent ones .

As for the tabloids , additions to the range of publications have either been arm's-length extensions of existing publishing groups ( Today , 1986 — ) or born out of existing publishing houses ( Mail on Sunday , 1983 — , Star , 1978 ) .
as for the tabloids , additions to the range of publications have either been arm's-length extensions of [being] publishing groups ( today , 1986 — ) or born out of [being] publishing houses ( mail on sunday , 1983 — , star , 1978 ) .

Such reforms would either completely displace existing rules derived from the Fair Trading Act and monopolies legislation or they would refashion them so as to make them more meaningful in the era of multi-media ownership .
such reforms would either completely displace [being] rules derived from the fair trading act and monopolies legislation or they would refashion them so as to make them more meaningful in the era of multi-media ownership .

The effect would certainly be to ‘ unscramble ’ existing media interests .
the effect would certainly be to ‘ unscramble ’ [being] media interests .

In the first place all they would do would be to redistribute ownership ( probably ) amongst existing groups .
in the first place all they would do would be to redistribute ownership ( probably ) amongst [being] groups .

The new media offer , as it were , a prism through which we are better able to understand the existing structures of broadcasting : the threat makes it easier to appreciate what will vanish as well as what will come about .
the new media offer , as it were , a prism through which we are better able to understand the [being] structures of broadcasting : the threat makes it easier to appreciate what will vanish as well as what will come about .

One consequence of this has been that further additions to the existing radio and television services would become deeply contested as efforts were made to detach them from the duopoly .
one consequence of this has been that further additions to the [being] radio and television services would become deeply contested as efforts were made to detach them from the duopoly .

Other contemporary ‘ strategic ’ decisions include the Green Paper on Radio ( 1986/7 ) , the proposed White Paper on broadcasting ( 1988 ) and , from 1987 , the Conservative Government 's intention to raise the percentage of independent productions broadcast by the existing organizations to 25 % .
other contemporary ‘ strategic ’ decisions include the green paper on radio ( 1986/7 ) , the proposed white paper on broadcasting ( 1988 ) and , from 1987 , the conservative government 's intention to raise the percentage of independent productions broadcast by the [being] organizations to 25 % .

In other words , they view the future as involving little radical change ; in this latter scenario it is possible to foresee a situation in which the existing broadcasting organizations continue to operate effectively and efficiently , albeit with some modifications .
in other words , they view the future as involving little radical change ; in this latter scenario it is possible to foresee a situation in which the [being] broadcasting organizations continue to operate effectively and efficiently , albeit with some modifications .

It was funded by the existing television companies through a system of subscriptions .
it was funded by the [being] television companies through a system of subscriptions .

While some individuals turn their talents to something entirely new , others go freelance or become consultants in their existing area of expertise .
while some individuals turn their talents to something entirely new , others go freelance or become consultants in their [being] area of expertise .

Best advice is first approach your existing insurance company and ask what terms they will give you .
best advice is first approach your [being] insurance company and ask what terms they will give you .

Other existing income ( from a trust ,
other [being] income ( from a trust ,

Rather more serious , if you buy a new home before selling your existing one , you could be faced by a bridging loan problem , which with continuing high interest rates could soon eat into any profits you hope to realise on the exchange .
rather more serious , if you buy a new home before selling your [being] one , you could be faced by a bridging loan problem , which with continuing high interest rates could soon eat into any profits you hope to realise on the exchange .

If you do decide to move , you should consider transferring an existing mortgage to your new property or getting a new one up to £30,000 , even if you could afford to buy the property outright .
if you do decide to move , you should consider transferring an [being] mortgage to your new property or getting a new one up to £30,000 , even if you could afford to buy the property outright .

The other is that your existing vehicle is on the old side and is beginning ( or will probably soon start ) to give you trouble .
the other is that your [being] vehicle is on the old side and is beginning ( or will probably soon start ) to give you trouble .

Covenants existing at the time of the 1988 Budget are not affected by the change and can continue as before until their expiry .
covenants [being] at the time of the 1988 budget are not affected by the change and can continue as before until their expiry .

Finally , the ruling only applies to members of schemes set up after 13 March 1989 , and to new employees joining existing schemes from 1 June 1989 .
finally , the ruling only applies to members of schemes set up after 13 march 1989 , and to new employees joining [being] schemes from 1 june 1989 .

Individuals on current salaries of £75,000 or more who are thinking of changing jobs and either joining a new scheme or transferring their existing pension to one will need to weigh up the financial consequences .
individuals on current salaries of £75,000 or more who are thinking of changing jobs and either joining a new scheme or transferring their [being] pension to one will need to weigh up the financial consequences .

Members of an existing scheme prior to these dates who remain with the same employer should not be adversely affected by the change .
members of an [being] scheme prior to these dates who remain with the same employer should not be adversely affected by the change .

As already stated , the change only affects those joining new pension schemes set up after 13 March 1989 or new members joining existing schemes after 1 June 1989 .
as already stated , the change only affects those joining new pension schemes set up after 13 march 1989 or new members joining [being] schemes after 1 june 1989 .

However existing members of a scheme prior to the change taking effect ( i.e .
however [being] members of a scheme prior to the change taking effect ( i.e .

The service is available to anyone who thinks they have pension rights including scheme members , existing pensioners , those with deferred pensions and dependants .
the service is available to anyone who thinks they have pension rights including scheme members , [being] pensioners , those with deferred pensions and dependants .

Also , in the wake of the Maxwell disaster , the government has published regulations restricting self-investment by occupational pension funds to 5 per cent ( a transitional period is allowed in some cases to give schemes time to reduce any existing self-investment ) .
also , in the wake of the maxwell disaster , the government has published regulations restricting self-investment by occupational pension funds to 5 per cent ( a transitional period is allowed in some cases to give schemes time to reduce any [being] self-investment ) .

If you have an existing Section 226 policy ( or retirement annuity contract , as it is sometimes also called ) , then , as you will know , it is an insurance policy designed to invest money for your retirement .
if you have an [being] section 226 policy ( or retirement annuity contract , as it is sometimes also called ) , then , as you will know , it is an insurance policy designed to invest money for your retirement .

For a start , anyone with an existing Section 226 policy has no need , unless they wish to alter their arrangements , to do anything at all .
for a start , anyone with an [being] section 226 policy has no need , unless they wish to alter their arrangements , to do anything at all .

As general wisdom , the view in the pensions industry is that for most people with an existing Section 226 policy there would be little point in changing — and for high earners , in particular , it could be positively detrimental .
as general wisdom , the view in the pensions industry is that for most people with an [being] section 226 policy there would be little point in changing — and for high earners , in particular , it could be positively detrimental .

For high earners , the £75,000 cap is probably the strongest argument for hanging on to an existing Section 226 policy , since such policies are not affected by the earnings limit .
for high earners , the £75,000 cap is probably the strongest argument for hanging on to an [being] section 226 policy , since such policies are not affected by the earnings limit .

You will need to consider , not just your future retirement income , but also any extras that may be part and parcel of your existing company scheme : an early retirement option ; a pension before normal age were you to become ill ; protection for your dependants should you unexpectedly die .
you will need to consider , not just your future retirement income , but also any extras that may be part and parcel of your [being] company scheme : an early retirement option ; a pension before normal age were you to become ill ; protection for your dependants should you unexpectedly die .

If you are considering leaving a company pension scheme , this could be one of the questions you should ask as a means of comparing the value of a personal pension against your existing scheme .
if you are considering leaving a company pension scheme , this could be one of the questions you should ask as a means of comparing the value of a personal pension against your [being] scheme .

The key issue is how your existing pension arrangements compare with the alternatives .
the key issue is how your [being] pension arrangements compare with the alternatives .

Unfortunately , this opportunity ( see also paragraph below ) no longer applies to individuals joining a new scheme after 13 March 1989 ; or an existing scheme after 1 June 1989 .
unfortunately , this opportunity ( see also paragraph below ) no longer applies to individuals joining a new scheme after 13 march 1989 ; or an [being] scheme after 1 june 1989 .

The change affects both existing and new loans used for home purchase .
the change affects both [being] and new loans used for home purchase .

Maintenance arrangements existing prior to the 1988 Budget remain largely unaffected , other than that payments received by divorced or separated spouses are exempt from tax on the first £1,720 .
maintenance arrangements [being] prior to the 1988 budget remain largely unaffected , other than that payments received by divorced or separated spouses are exempt from tax on the first £1,720 .

Existing members of pension schemes set up prior to the 1989 Budget or who joined established schemes before 1 June 1989 may not be affected by the rule and may be entitled to a higher tax-free lump sum .
[being] members of pension schemes set up prior to the 1989 budget or who joined established schemes before 1 june 1989 may not be affected by the rule and may be entitled to a higher tax-free lump sum .

The fourth phase of the development of headhunting may be identified as the splintering of individual consultants from existing firms , to set up on their own , such as Haley from Ward Howell and Egon Zehnder from Spencer Stuart , both in 1964 .
the fourth phase of the development of headhunting may be identified as the splintering of individual consultants from [being] firms , to set up on their own , such as haley from ward howell and egon zehnder from spencer stuart , both in 1964 .

Accused of a conflict of interest between its headhunting business and other functions , Peat 's were subjected to investigation by the American governing body for accountants , with the result that they decided to turn down headhunting work for their existing accounting clients .
accused of a conflict of interest between its headhunting business and other functions , peat 's were subjected to investigation by the american governing body for accountants , with the result that they decided to turn down headhunting work for their [being] accounting clients .

Such experiences clearly demonstrated the need for search consultants , and not surprisingly many new headhunting firms emerged and existing businesses flourished in this atmosphere .
such experiences clearly demonstrated the need for search consultants , and not surprisingly many new headhunting firms emerged and [being] businesses flourished in this atmosphere .

Stork was not entirely sure how the headhunting process worked ; indeed , there were no guides to the subject and all the existing purveyors of search are more or less self-taught .
stork was not entirely sure how the headhunting process worked ; indeed , there were no guides to the subject and all the [being] purveyors of search are more or less self-taught .

One problem of working in limited specialty areas is that existing clients might be averse to the idea of employing the same search firm as their rivals ; so Merton , approached by another major retailer with an assignment , cleared the matter with Tesco first .
one problem of working in limited specialty areas is that [being] clients might be averse to the idea of employing the same search firm as their rivals ; so merton , approached by another major retailer with an assignment , cleared the matter with tesco first .

If there is a relationship with an existing search firm the client may well use a known firm when making further appointments .
if there is a relationship with an [being] search firm the client may well use a known firm when making further appointments .

It is the state which provides the opportunity to practise in a monopolistic or restrictive fashion and it is the legal profession which reinforces the existing social order .
it is the state which provides the opportunity to practise in a monopolistic or restrictive fashion and it is the legal profession which reinforces the [being] social order .

The scramble to redistribute existing resources and clients provides the conditions for the development of schemes such as the duty solicitor .
the scramble to redistribute [being] resources and clients provides the conditions for the development of schemes such as the duty solicitor .

It is generally agreed that the primitive mammals existing at that time were shrew-like creatures that lived by eating insects , and that the various groups of mammals that we see today , such as cats , rats , monkeys , whales , and horses , all evolved from this unpromising ancestor .
it is generally agreed that the primitive mammals [being] at that time were shrew-like creatures that lived by eating insects , and that the various groups of mammals that we see today , such as cats , rats , monkeys , whales , and horses , all evolved from this unpromising ancestor .

Hopefully , the meeting will swell opinion in favour of more thought being given to the existing premises and new developments .
hopefully , the meeting will swell opinion in favour of more thought being given to the [being] premises and new developments .

The expansion of productive capacity already existing in 1880 , especially of the heavy industries , was one sign of her growing wealth .
the expansion of productive capacity already [being] in 1880 , especially of the heavy industries , was one sign of her growing wealth .

European companies provided the managerial and entrepreneurial services needed to make the best use of existing resources .
european companies provided the managerial and entrepreneurial services needed to make the best use of [being] resources .

More impressive is the ability to make incremental improvements to existing capabilities and , over time , satisfy new requirements which are identified .
more impressive is the ability to make incremental improvements to [being] capabilities and , over time , satisfy new requirements which are identified .

In separate exercises , Polish and Soviet Signals Troops established a comprehensive communications net separate from existing military and civilian channels .
in separate exercises , polish and soviet signals troops established a comprehensive communications net separate from [being] military and civilian channels .

Evolution proceeds by the accidental combination of already existing stable sub-assemblies , thereby producing new stable assemblies of higher complexity .
evolution proceeds by the accidental combination of already [being] stable sub-assemblies , thereby producing new stable assemblies of higher complexity .

One would expect existing sentence patterns to be stabilised in use , and to be only minimally disturbed upon being combined to form more complex syntactic units .
one would expect [being] sentence patterns to be stabilised in use , and to be only minimally disturbed upon being combined to form more complex syntactic units .

But this , of course , makes no serious claim at all about the notion of consciousness , in the sense in which the word is normally used : it simply sets up a definition of the term on which virtually any organism higher than an amoeba is conscious , as would be many existing computers .
but this , of course , makes no serious claim at all about the notion of consciousness , in the sense in which the word is normally used : it simply sets up a definition of the term on which virtually any organism higher than an amoeba is conscious , as would be many [being] computers .

Theory and practice , as represented by philosophy and the various social disciplines , must be united , so that it is possible to investigate existing individualist and holist theories rather than hypothetical constructions .
theory and practice , as represented by philosophy and the various social disciplines , must be united , so that it is possible to investigate [being] individualist and holist theories rather than hypothetical constructions .

If this excluded option is allowed back into the debate , and the claim that our existing intuitions should not be given the last word is seriously considered , the authority of the case for individualism is immediately questioned .
if this excluded option is allowed back into the debate , and the claim that our [being] intuitions should not be given the last word is seriously considered , the authority of the case for individualism is immediately questioned .

Once we see that the relationship between a set of explanatory principles and the more specific analyses offered by social scientists must be a reciprocal one we are able to benefit from the fact that , just as social scientific practice is moulded by existing views of explanation , so those views can be refined and altered by the impact of practice .
once we see that the relationship between a set of explanatory principles and the more specific analyses offered by social scientists must be a reciprocal one we are able to benefit from the fact that , just as social scientific practice is moulded by [being] views of explanation , so those views can be refined and altered by the impact of practice .

Furthermore , even where Marx appears to adopt existing terms ( such as surplus value , which seems to combine Ricardo 's notions of rent , profit and interest ) , their relations with other concepts in the theory , and hence their meanings , are changed .
furthermore , even where marx appears to adopt [being] terms ( such as surplus value , which seems to combine ricardo 's notions of rent , profit and interest ) , their relations with other concepts in the theory , and hence their meanings , are changed .

This ‘ anthropological ’ approach was the root of notions of production , exchange and consumption , which were thought to apply universally and were used to explain the economic arrangements of existing societies .
this ‘ anthropological ’ approach was the root of notions of production , exchange and consumption , which were thought to apply universally and were used to explain the economic arrangements of [being] societies .

For example , if the only way to be a subject is to be constituted by the existing ISAs , how are we to explain the fact that a theorist such as Connolly is so convinced of the necessity of intentional subjecthood , while Althusser views it as a contingency ?
for example , if the only way to be a subject is to be constituted by the [being] isas , how are we to explain the fact that a theorist such as connolly is so convinced of the necessity of intentional subjecthood , while althusser views it as a contingency ?

However , Poulantzas argues that , in smoothing over the structural contradictions of society and rendering it coherent , the state simultaneously maintains existing classes .
however , poulantzas argues that , in smoothing over the structural contradictions of society and rendering it coherent , the state simultaneously maintains [being] classes .

If the state is to prevent the class struggle from destroying an existing set of structures it must be in a position to further class interests which are not too damaging to the formation as a whole , and to prevent classes from realising interests which would have gravely divisive consequences .
if the state is to prevent the class struggle from destroying an [being] set of structures it must be in a position to further class interests which are not too damaging to the formation as a whole , and to prevent classes from realising interests which would have gravely divisive consequences .

The general function of the state as an instrument of social cohesion presumably justifies the assumption that its form will be tailored to an existing set of structures and class practices .
the general function of the state as an instrument of social cohesion presumably justifies the assumption that its form will be tailored to an [being] set of structures and class practices .

The epistemological rationale for his presumption , of the persistence of all such causes of change into the present and future , is the ideal of explanation by real or existing causes , verae causae .
the epistemological rationale for his presumption , of the persistence of all such causes of change into the present and future , is the ideal of explanation by real or [being] causes , verae causae .

Populations of this species showed vigorous vegetative growth , and most new rosettes recruited to the population appeared as ramets ( clonal replicates ) from existing rosettes .
populations of this species showed vigorous vegetative growth , and most new rosettes recruited to the population appeared as ramets ( clonal replicates ) from [being] rosettes .

Obviously many things might muddy the correlation between social structure and prohibited partners , but one piece of existing evidence points in the right direction .
obviously many things might muddy the correlation between social structure and prohibited partners , but one piece of [being] evidence points in the right direction .

If homo sapiens is unequivocally demarcated from the rest of the animal kingdom by the language barrier then it would seem reasonable to accord something like honorary status to those existing in its image , as it were , but otherwise enfeebled through age or retardation .
if homo sapiens is unequivocally demarcated from the rest of the animal kingdom by the language barrier then it would seem reasonable to accord something like honorary status to those [being] in its image , as it were , but otherwise enfeebled through age or retardation .

Secondly , although the majority of the research community favours the use of animal subjects , within the existing legal safeguards , it contains respected figures who are well-known in the animal rights movement .
secondly , although the majority of the research community favours the use of animal subjects , within the [being] legal safeguards , it contains respected figures who are well-known in the animal rights movement .

One of the worst features of research in the drug industry is the work which needs to be done to make and test products which are only marginally different from existing ones .
one of the worst features of research in the drug industry is the work which needs to be done to make and test products which are only marginally different from [being] ones .

The charity Sustrans has produced a feasibility report looking at the possibility of linking existing railway paths in West Cumbria and Country Durham via a network of minor roads , bridleways and disused railway tracks .
the charity sustrans has produced a feasibility report looking at the possibility of linking [being] railway paths in west cumbria and country durham via a network of minor roads , bridleways and disused railway tracks .

Climbers should take special note of the new access agreement covering Marine Drive and Upper Pen Trwyn , which adds further restrictions to the existing arrangements in place before the climbing ban .
climbers should take special note of the new access agreement covering marine drive and upper pen trwyn , which adds further restrictions to the [being] arrangements in place before the climbing ban .

While circling the field , he noted the grass facility was inundated with water and realized that landing Spitfires under the existing conditions would be a hazardous undertaking .
while circling the field , he noted the grass facility was inundated with water and realized that landing spitfires under the [being] conditions would be a hazardous undertaking .

We realized at this stage that it would be difficult for this strand of non-print publishing to develop from existing production expertise , however advanced the latter 's use of electronics to produce print more cheaply and more flexibly .
we realized at this stage that it would be difficult for this strand of non-print publishing to develop from [being] production expertise , however advanced the latter 's use of electronics to produce print more cheaply and more flexibly .

Close ties with a medical publisher had enabled us to monitor early attempts to move from a traditional print-based publishing enterprise to new technologies : laser-disc publication had proved wasteful and made too many demands of staff with no experience in editing or marketing such material , let alone its production ; on-line database publication drawing on the company 's range of printed publications , many of which were in electronic form anyway before imprisonment on paper , proved more compatible with existing operations and more amenable to the skills of existing staff .
close ties with a medical publisher had enabled us to monitor early attempts to move from a traditional print-based publishing enterprise to new technologies : laser-disc publication had proved wasteful and made too many demands of staff with no experience in editing or marketing such material , let alone its production ; on-line database publication drawing on the company 's range of printed publications , many of which were in electronic form anyway before imprisonment on paper , proved more compatible with [being] operations and more amenable to the skills of [being] staff .

Topics may have been defined , but they can not always be slotted neatly into an existing structure .
topics may have been defined , but they can not always be slotted neatly into an [being] structure .

To devise the material and structure of the course , these aims must be interpreted with regard to the more general interests , existing knowledge , and level of understanding of typography students . Some of these factors are :
to devise the material and structure of the course , these aims must be interpreted with regard to the more general interests , [being] knowledge , and level of understanding of typography students . some of these factors are :

look at existing and emerging standards .
look at [being] and emerging standards .

However , it can be effectively combatted by setting exercises involving changes to an existing large piece of work , which has the added advantage of letting the students see the use of techniques beyond the scope of the assessment .
however , it can be effectively combatted by setting exercises involving changes to an [being] large piece of work , which has the added advantage of letting the students see the use of techniques beyond the scope of the assessment .

Apply wood primer to bare wood , then follow with undercoat and top coat , or a combined one-coat gloss , blending the gloss into the existing rubbed-down paintwork
apply wood primer to bare wood , then follow with undercoat and top coat , or a combined one-coat gloss , blending the gloss into the [being] rubbed-down paintwork

Work from the corner out on both walls , blending the plaster to the existing surface . Leave the corner strip just visible
work from the corner out on both walls , blending the plaster to the [being] surface . leave the corner strip just visible

Check Plugs are a simple and economical way of ensuring that all existing electrical wiring is sound and properly installed .
check plugs are a simple and economical way of ensuring that all [being] electrical wiring is sound and properly installed .

One it so build it in brick in the traditional manner , bonding it into the existing wall as you go .
one it so build it in brick in the traditional manner , bonding it into the [being] wall as you go .

Of course , you may not have been responsible for an existing problem .
of course , you may not have been responsible for an [being] problem .

For older youth , this would heighten their existing sense of unfairness in the way their own government had treated them , adding to their discontent .
for older youth , this would heighten their [being] sense of unfairness in the way their own government had treated them , adding to their discontent .

Some of those who had been out to the countryside or into factories to do their ‘ social practice ’ were even more critical of the existing regime .
some of those who had been out to the countryside or into factories to do their ‘ social practice ’ were even more critical of the [being] regime .

These will define the behaviours which a child must learn in order to move from her existing pattern of responses to those described in the teaching objectives .
these will define the behaviours which a child must learn in order to move from her [being] pattern of responses to those described in the teaching objectives .

Grammatical rules are seen as existing independently of the child , and changes in the child 's language in the direction of conventional syntax and morphology are seen as indicative of the child acquiring the rules which make up the grammatical system .
grammatical rules are seen as [being] independently of the child , and changes in the child 's language in the direction of conventional syntax and morphology are seen as indicative of the child acquiring the rules which make up the grammatical system .

Similarly , contextual support and existing levels of shared understanding about routines mean that the adult is well placed to endow a child 's utterance with meanings which extend or elaborate on those expressed .
similarly , contextual support and [being] levels of shared understanding about routines mean that the adult is well placed to endow a child 's utterance with meanings which extend or elaborate on those expressed .

Under such circumstances characteristics of adult language input would be reflected in differential rates of progress only to the extent that they coincided with the child 's existing ‘ style ’ of learning language ( Gleitman et al .
under such circumstances characteristics of adult language input would be reflected in differential rates of progress only to the extent that they coincided with the child 's [being] ‘ style ’ of learning language ( gleitman et al .

Special classes usually have the advantage of lower teacher-pupil ratios and it is therefore easier for teachers to organise activities in which the child 's level of participation in social and communicative activities can be carefully monitored and adapted to suit existing abilities .
special classes usually have the advantage of lower teacher-pupil ratios and it is therefore easier for teachers to organise activities in which the child 's level of participation in social and communicative activities can be carefully monitored and adapted to suit [being] abilities .

It may also be desirable to use existing , well-established language and communication skills as the basis for teaching weaker or less well-established skills .
it may also be desirable to use [being] , well-established language and communication skills as the basis for teaching weaker or less well-established skills .

For example , in discussing the way in which normal children develop language , Slobin ( 1973 ) has suggested that new functions are first learned using existing language forms or structures and , conversely , new forms or structures are first used to express well-established functions .
for example , in discussing the way in which normal children develop language , slobin ( 1973 ) has suggested that new functions are first learned using [being] language forms or structures and , conversely , new forms or structures are first used to express well-established functions .

Immediately the halfway ledge is vacated , the groove becomes steep and baffling , demanding a subtle use of existing holds to locate further unknown holds .
immediately the halfway ledge is vacated , the groove becomes steep and baffling , demanding a subtle use of [being] holds to locate further unknown holds .

While this development must take the majority of any forthcoming Sports Council funding , it is obvious that many of the existing facilities need to be dramatically expanded and the MCofS will endeavour to ensure this happens sooner rather than later .
while this development must take the majority of any forthcoming sports council funding , it is obvious that many of the [being] facilities need to be dramatically expanded and the mcofs will endeavour to ensure this happens sooner rather than later .

Cut neckline or use existing
cut neckline or use [being]

This means that consciousness in its ideological form is not merely arbitrarily determined by material relations but is specifically determined by the set of economic relations existing in a given society .
this means that consciousness in its ideological form is not merely arbitrarily determined by material relations but is specifically determined by the set of economic relations [being] in a given society .

He begins a description of class consciousness by showing the limitations of bourgeois thought as an explaining away of the existing order of economic relations and an assertion of the immutability of institutions ( Lukács 1971 : 48 ) .
he begins a description of class consciousness by showing the limitations of bourgeois thought as an explaining away of the [being] order of economic relations and an assertion of the immutability of institutions ( lukács 1971 : 48 ) .

The very science that he is , presumably , engaged in can itself be recognized as existing as a practice within three of the ISAs he refers to ; the educational , the political and the communicative ISAs .
the very science that he is , presumably , engaged in can itself be recognized as [being] as a practice within three of the isas he refers to ; the educational , the political and the communicative isas .

Thus it questions the values of the existing order of ‘ better ’ , ‘ useful ’ , ‘ appropriate ’ , ‘ productive ’ and ‘ valuable ’ and is ‘ wholly distrustful of the rules of conduct with which society as presently constituted provides each of its members ’ ( Horkheimer 1972 : 207 ) .
thus it questions the values of the [being] order of ‘ better ’ , ‘ useful ’ , ‘ appropriate ’ , ‘ productive ’ and ‘ valuable ’ and is ‘ wholly distrustful of the rules of conduct with which society as presently constituted provides each of its members ’ ( horkheimer 1972 : 207 ) .

interpret the economic categories of work , value , and productivity exactly as they are interpreted in the existing order … [ but ] … the critical acceptance of the categories which rule social life contains simultaneously their condemnation .
interpret the economic categories of work , value , and productivity exactly as they are interpreted in the [being] order … [ but ] … the critical acceptance of the categories which rule social life contains simultaneously their condemnation .

This means that he asked his questions from an existing problematic ; each question had a history of answers on which he was able to draw and contextualize his own .
this means that he asked his questions from an [being] problematic ; each question had a history of answers on which he was able to draw and contextualize his own .

There is also a connection with the psychoanalytical tradition of interpreting cultural phenomena and personal experiences and a trace of intellectual Marxism that is critical of an existing order and its received interpretation .
there is also a connection with the psychoanalytical tradition of interpreting cultural phenomena and personal experiences and a trace of intellectual marxism that is critical of an [being] order and its received interpretation .

In time for the new season 's autumn and winter knitwear , Spectrum are introducing a new Pure Wool Aran to complement their existing Strata Aran range .
in time for the new season 's autumn and winter knitwear , spectrum are introducing a new pure wool aran to complement their [being] strata aran range .

Mary Bailey sets up for existing fish , while Ian Lucas spots some new opportunities with mid-price catfish .
mary bailey sets up for [being] fish , while ian lucas spots some new opportunities with mid-price catfish .

My existing plan was to grow them on to about 4in , at which size , on previous experience , a pair should form and spawn .
my [being] plan was to grow them on to about 4in , at which size , on previous experience , a pair should form and spawn .

( a ) There is usually no real way to be sure that the piece of equipment devised is adequate for the purpose unless of course it is a straight copy of an existing commercial model .
( a ) there is usually no real way to be sure that the piece of equipment devised is adequate for the purpose unless of course it is a straight copy of an [being] commercial model .

In order to successfully reuse document material , some kind of classification of existing material is vital .
in order to successfully reuse document material , some kind of classification of [being] material is vital .

For instance , if the existing semantic net notes that ‘ hypertext includes text ’ , ‘ hypertext has principles ’ , and ‘ principles include database principles ’ , then an analogical inheritance guide might note that the addition of ‘ text has database principles ’ would increase the amount of analogical inheritance or regularity in the network .
for instance , if the [being] semantic net notes that ‘ hypertext includes text ’ , ‘ hypertext has principles ’ , and ‘ principles include database principles ’ , then an analogical inheritance guide might note that the addition of ‘ text has database principles ’ would increase the amount of analogical inheritance or regularity in the network .

Constraints like referential integrity can be placed automatically on new data entered into the system and on updates to existing records .
constraints like referential integrity can be placed automatically on new data entered into the system and on updates to [being] records .

The implication is — again drawing on the ‘ children 's single-sex peer groups ’ argument — that all-women talk might be a kind of bottom line for descriptions of women 's speech styles ; this is the ‘ natural ’ case , existing prior to and outside the power effects observable when women talk to men .
the implication is — again drawing on the ‘ children 's single-sex peer groups ’ argument — that all-women talk might be a kind of bottom line for descriptions of women 's speech styles ; this is the ‘ natural ’ case , [being] prior to and outside the power effects observable when women talk to men .

While a feminist linguistics will probably want to make strategic use of all these responses , it is this last one , in my opinion , that is most radical theoretically , and most resistant to the danger that research into male/female differences will be co-opted to serve the existing sexist system .
while a feminist linguistics will probably want to make strategic use of all these responses , it is this last one , in my opinion , that is most radical theoretically , and most resistant to the danger that research into male/female differences will be co-opted to serve the [being] sexist system .

Here it is much more feasible for feminists to try and intervene more formally by criticizing existing sources , and by creating their own alternatives .
here it is much more feasible for feminists to try and intervene more formally by criticizing [being] sources , and by creating their own alternatives .

New words are coined or borrowed or made out of combined parts from existing words ; the meanings of old words gradually shift .
new words are coined or borrowed or made out of combined parts from [being] words ; the meanings of old words gradually shift .

Freehand designing or editing of an existing design is done by moving a cursor around the grid with either the arrow keys or a mouse .
freehand designing or editing of an [being] design is done by moving a cursor around the grid with either the arrow keys or a mouse .

Plans designed to solve or alleviate existing problems .
plans designed to solve or alleviate [being] problems .

The plans to deal with existing problems may range from straightforward co-ordination of arrangements for a person leaving hospital , to a much more complex plan with the social worker in the case manager/key worker role ( Davies and Challis , 1986 ) , as will be described .
the plans to deal with [being] problems may range from straightforward co-ordination of arrangements for a person leaving hospital , to a much more complex plan with the social worker in the case manager/key worker role ( davies and challis , 1986 ) , as will be described .

The airline will run 13 former Dan Air short-haul routes from Gatwick , using 450 of its existing flight and cabin crew .
the airline will run 13 former dan air short-haul routes from gatwick , using 450 of its [being] flight and cabin crew .

Mr Stephen tabled an amendment to existing bail laws to plug a loophole which allowed defendants released on bail to commit further offences .
mr stephen tabled an amendment to [being] bail laws to plug a loophole which allowed defendants released on bail to commit further offences .

Existing customers must wait until December 23 .
[being] customers must wait until december 23 .

just as the reduced level of import controls during the post Second World War period saw a substantial increase in world trade , so the increasingly liberal attitude to capital controls during the 1980s has seen a marked increase in cross-border investment — both to establish new factories and to engage in takeovers of existing firms .
just as the reduced level of import controls during the post second world war period saw a substantial increase in world trade , so the increasingly liberal attitude to capital controls during the 1980s has seen a marked increase in cross-border investment — both to establish new factories and to engage in takeovers of [being] firms .

However , assurances have been received that the level of the local content of the Nissan cars would rise to 80 per cent and this would appear to convert the existing ‘ kit , assembly plant into a full scale production facility .
however , assurances have been received that the level of the local content of the nissan cars would rise to 80 per cent and this would appear to convert the [being] ‘ kit , assembly plant into a full scale production facility .

Thus the merger of Fiat/Lancia and Alfa would increase Fiat 's existing dominance of the Italian car market and be liable to lead to an increase in monopoly power .
thus the merger of fiat/lancia and alfa would increase fiat 's [being] dominance of the italian car market and be liable to lead to an increase in monopoly power .

The government has not always fully funded the nationally agreed pay awards , leaving health authorities to fund part of the increase from existing budgets .
the government has not always fully funded the nationally agreed pay awards , leaving health authorities to fund part of the increase from [being] budgets .

Local authorities claim that investment is needed not only to build new homes and replace dilapidated housing , but also to renovate deteriorating buildings , and thus improve the existing housing stock .
local authorities claim that investment is needed not only to build new homes and replace dilapidated housing , but also to renovate deteriorating buildings , and thus improve the [being] housing stock .

existing forms of personal support , that is , housing benefit for tenants , mortgage interest tax relief for owner-occupiers , and the housing ingredient in supplementary benefit .
[being] forms of personal support , that is , housing benefit for tenants , mortgage interest tax relief for owner-occupiers , and the housing ingredient in supplementary benefit .

They have also highlighted the need for increased spending on repair , for improvement of existing public sector housing and also for greater public sector support for private sector improvements .
they have also highlighted the need for increased spending on repair , for improvement of [being] public sector housing and also for greater public sector support for private sector improvements .

New houses take time to complete and , hence , increases in demand for houses are reflected in an increase in the price of both existing and new houses .
new houses take time to complete and , hence , increases in demand for houses are reflected in an increase in the price of both [being] and new houses .

This encourages first-time buyers into the market , believing that it is ‘ now or never ’ , and also encourages existing home owners to ‘ trade up ’ to larger accommodation .
this encourages first-time buyers into the market , believing that it is ‘ now or never ’ , and also encourages [being] home owners to ‘ trade up ’ to larger accommodation .

Those wishing to move into the ‘ South ’ may be unable to afford to buy a house or may be able to buy only a much smaller house with the money raised from their existing dwelling .
those wishing to move into the ‘ south ’ may be unable to afford to buy a house or may be able to buy only a much smaller house with the money raised from their [being] dwelling .

Ted had given up all hope of enlarging his holding and was concentrating his efforts on farming his existing soil , making a reasonable living from his multiplicity of vegetable crops , when a letter arrived one day explaining to him that if he still wanted to buy the adjoining land , the owners were interested in discussing the matter .
ted had given up all hope of enlarging his holding and was concentrating his efforts on farming his [being] soil , making a reasonable living from his multiplicity of vegetable crops , when a letter arrived one day explaining to him that if he still wanted to buy the adjoining land , the owners were interested in discussing the matter .

Parents with an existing mortgage are eligible , so long as they still own a large enough chunk of the equity .
parents with an [being] mortgage are eligible , so long as they still own a large enough chunk of the equity .

While this does not rule out the risk of a change of regime there , it does cut down the danger of a simple change of heart by the existing government .
while this does not rule out the risk of a change of regime there , it does cut down the danger of a simple change of heart by the [being] government .

Not to mention a rapid passing on of mortgage cuts to bedraggled flocks of existing homeowners ; who are less than thrilled to see the first helping of crumbs go in instant cheap deals to first-time buyers .
not to mention a rapid passing on of mortgage cuts to bedraggled flocks of [being] homeowners ; who are less than thrilled to see the first helping of crumbs go in instant cheap deals to first-time buyers .

Boss Sir Alistair Grant admits most of the growth in sales was due to first-time contributions from new stores , though existing stores held up well .
boss sir alistair grant admits most of the growth in sales was due to first-time contributions from new stores , though [being] stores held up well .

The fund offers cheap loans of up to £5,000 , at 2% under base rate , to businesses being started by the unemployed , disabled , ethnic minorities and women ; and loans of up to £10,000 to existing small businesses .
the fund offers cheap loans of up to £5,000 , at 2% under base rate , to businesses being started by the unemployed , disabled , ethnic minorities and women ; and loans of up to £10,000 to [being] small businesses .

Around the 4th , and between the 10th and 14th , events could radically alter the existing pattern of your experience .
around the 4th , and between the 10th and 14th , events could radically alter the [being] pattern of your experience .

How does the existing pattern of relationships and interaction within the family match the needs and expectations of the different generations ?
how does the [being] pattern of relationships and interaction within the family match the needs and expectations of the different generations ?

Therefore , if the counsellor acts entirely impartially with regard to existing patterns of power and vulnerability in family meetings , the needs of the ageing relative may continue to receive inadequate attention and response .
therefore , if the counsellor acts entirely impartially with regard to [being] patterns of power and vulnerability in family meetings , the needs of the ageing relative may continue to receive inadequate attention and response .

Indeed , the very first piece of family self-revelation is the way they choose to sit together , for this can show the observant counsellor the existing pattern of alliances and tensions , as revealing as any words .
indeed , the very first piece of family self-revelation is the way they choose to sit together , for this can show the observant counsellor the [being] pattern of alliances and tensions , as revealing as any words .

The prevention of ill-health , and to some extent the treatment of existing health problems , could improve if older people had more accurate and relevant information about the factors which contribute to good health .
the prevention of ill-health , and to some extent the treatment of [being] health problems , could improve if older people had more accurate and relevant information about the factors which contribute to good health .

Illness is a major cause of loss of appetite , often compounding existing health problems .
illness is a major cause of loss of appetite , often compounding [being] health problems .

Excessive drinking is often caused by negative self-images , which indicate to individuals that they are unable to cope with the stress and unhappiness existing in their lives .
excessive drinking is often caused by negative self-images , which indicate to individuals that they are unable to cope with the stress and unhappiness [being] in their lives .

As we have seen , the impact of a very large meteorite or cometary nucleus caused sufficient damage to our global climate that the dinosaurs and much of the rest of the existing lifeforms were extinguished .
as we have seen , the impact of a very large meteorite or cometary nucleus caused sufficient damage to our global climate that the dinosaurs and much of the rest of the [being] lifeforms were extinguished .

Deciphering the scripts of the ancients is not an easy business , especially if those scripts do not form part of the ‘ family tree ’ of any currently existing script .
deciphering the scripts of the ancients is not an easy business , especially if those scripts do not form part of the ‘ family tree ’ of any currently [being] script .

As this occurred , the existing mechanisms of formal and informal imperial control would dissolve into bonds of friendship between equal trading partners .
as this occurred , the [being] mechanisms of formal and informal imperial control would dissolve into bonds of friendship between equal trading partners .

Whatever Churchill may have said , most of Labour 's leaders were less ambitious , demanding only the addition of steeply progressive taxation to the existing apparatus of wartime control of industry .
whatever churchill may have said , most of labour 's leaders were less ambitious , demanding only the addition of steeply progressive taxation to the [being] apparatus of wartime control of industry .

Britain 's existing rulers could not , he argued , organize effective resistance to Hitler .
britain 's [being] rulers could not , he argued , organize effective resistance to hitler .

This state of affairs seems to be fundamental to all cracks existing in a stretched material .
this state of affairs seems to be fundamental to all cracks [being] in a stretched material .

Wood retains its popularity because it can offer much more stiffness for a given weight than any existing thermoplastic .
wood retains its popularity because it can offer much more stiffness for a given weight than any [being] thermoplastic .

Even existing relationships will face some unusual challenges , some because of external events , others because of a partner 's behaviour .
even [being] relationships will face some unusual challenges , some because of external events , others because of a partner 's behaviour .

This means taking every opportunity in 1993 to sort out flaws and differences in existing relationships .
this means taking every opportunity in 1993 to sort out flaws and differences in [being] relationships .

The highest new entry — not counting new editions of existing games — is the beautifully simple Jenga .
the highest new entry — not counting new editions of [being] games — is the beautifully simple jenga .

The Police Federation criticised the move , saying that it was superfluous because police standards are already guided by an existing code of discipline .
the police federation criticised the move , saying that it was superfluous because police standards are already guided by an [being] code of discipline .

After the Edinburgh Summit the exhibition , which features both the new works and existing pieces from the collection , is at London 's Barbican Centre from December 26 until January 17 .
after the edinburgh summit the exhibition , which features both the new works and [being] pieces from the collection , is at london 's barbican centre from december 26 until january 17 .

The British Bankers ' Association points to ‘ the impracticality of requiring auditors to obtain assurances on the willingness of a bank to continue its existing facilities in terms which are too demanding ’ .
the british bankers ' association points to ‘ the impracticality of requiring auditors to obtain assurances on the willingness of a bank to continue its [being] facilities in terms which are too demanding ’ .

In contrast to the existing system , the new solution had to be fully flexible , and able to meet the future demands of and grow with the company .
in contrast to the [being] system , the new solution had to be fully flexible , and able to meet the future demands of and grow with the company .

Clinicare , which does not require a medical examination on application , also covers existing illness after 24 months of continuous insurance — provided you have not visited the doctor for 12 months .
clinicare , which does not require a medical examination on application , also covers [being] illness after 24 months of continuous insurance — provided you have not visited the doctor for 12 months .

The mortgage market has been in the doldrums for three years and lending is shrinking steadily , partly because there is only a trickle of new customers and partly because existing customers are paying off at least part of their mortgages when they can .
the mortgage market has been in the doldrums for three years and lending is shrinking steadily , partly because there is only a trickle of new customers and partly because [being] customers are paying off at least part of their mortgages when they can .

With this in mind , the group aims to coordinate and publicise the existing initiatives , and to encourage and develop new ones .
with this in mind , the group aims to coordinate and publicise the [being] initiatives , and to encourage and develop new ones .

Under a new facilities agreement , the lenders have agreed to maintain the existing loans and facilities to June 1993 subject to termination rights and to compliance with new covenants .
under a new facilities agreement , the lenders have agreed to maintain the [being] loans and facilities to june 1993 subject to termination rights and to compliance with new covenants .

She prepared a list of changes and instructed the solicitor that , apart from the specified alterations , she did not want to alter her existing will .
she prepared a list of changes and instructed the solicitor that , apart from the specified alterations , she did not want to alter her [being] will .

The Act brings together much existing employment legislation and is a welcome consolidation .
the act brings together much [being] employment legislation and is a welcome consolidation .

They were denied the 4.5 % pay increase and continued to work under their existing contracts , including the terms incorporated into those contracts under the collective agreement .
they were denied the 4.5 % pay increase and continued to work under their [being] contracts , including the terms incorporated into those contracts under the collective agreement .

These instruments do not fit well into existing tax law , raising uncertainties and anomalies .
these instruments do not fit well into [being] tax law , raising uncertainties and anomalies .

They are contained in the new Sch 4 to the 1992 regulations , ‘ Form and content of the annual accounts of a group accounts society ’ , and they largely reflect existing accounting practice .
they are contained in the new sch 4 to the 1992 regulations , ‘ form and content of the annual accounts of a group accounts society ’ , and they largely reflect [being] accounting practice .

Under the existing byelaws , complaints relating to non-reserved work which account for 80 % of all the complaints that the Institute receives — can only be investigated against individuals .
under the [being] byelaws , complaints relating to non-reserved work which account for 80 % of all the complaints that the institute receives — can only be investigated against individuals .

It is also advisable to commission a space planner to review the accommodation to be sub-let and ensure that there is optimum use of the sub-let space with minimum loss to the existing accommodation .
it is also advisable to commission a space planner to review the accommodation to be sub-let and ensure that there is optimum use of the sub-let space with minimum loss to the [being] accommodation .

An explanatory guide to the operation of the new stop loss scheme for Lloyd 's Names has been issued ; copies will be sent to all existing Names .
an explanatory guide to the operation of the new stop loss scheme for lloyd 's names has been issued ; copies will be sent to all [being] names .

The proposed fund — which is based on an initiative by the five main trade associations — would compensate package holiday customers not covered by the existing Air Travel Organisers ' Licence Arrangements .
the proposed fund — which is based on an initiative by the five main trade associations — would compensate package holiday customers not covered by the [being] air travel organisers ' licence arrangements .

In such cases the nominated auditor still has to make professional enquiry of the existing auditor even if he is not qualified to audit , and whether or not he is a member of the Institute .
in such cases the nominated auditor still has to make professional enquiry of the [being] auditor even if he is not qualified to audit , and whether or not he is a member of the institute .

These three laws or principles relate to Creation , Preservation or Sustenance , and Dissolution or Destruction , which repeat themselves in a cycle and apply to all existing phenomena .
these three laws or principles relate to creation , preservation or sustenance , and dissolution or destruction , which repeat themselves in a cycle and apply to all [being] phenomena .

The legends of St George and the Dragon , Apollo and Python , the Forces of Light overcoming the Forces of Darkness , Heaven and Hell and the innumerable analogies existing throughout the myths and philosophies of every civilization , all speak as metaphors that clearly illustrate this struggle towards spiritual awareness or ‘ evolution ’ in its correct context .
the legends of st george and the dragon , apollo and python , the forces of light overcoming the forces of darkness , heaven and hell and the innumerable analogies [being] throughout the myths and philosophies of every civilization , all speak as metaphors that clearly illustrate this struggle towards spiritual awareness or ‘ evolution ’ in its correct context .

It is my intention to add one more possibility to the existing collection in the hope that it may bring this intriguing issue into perhaps a less mystifying perspective .
it is my intention to add one more possibility to the [being] collection in the hope that it may bring this intriguing issue into perhaps a less mystifying perspective .

Many anthropologists believe that Australian Aboriginal tribes may have had contact with India via the once existing land mass that stretched from southern India almost to Australia .
many anthropologists believe that australian aboriginal tribes may have had contact with india via the once [being] land mass that stretched from southern india almost to australia .

In its true context , the creation of the landscape by the Wandjina refers to the activity surrounding the nourishing of the energy centres along the existing ‘ serpent current ’ .
in its true context , the creation of the landscape by the wandjina refers to the activity surrounding the nourishing of the energy centres along the [being] ‘ serpent current ’ .

The two figures , the first man and woman , emerge from the union and are representative of the two polarized or opposite principles existing throughout nature , or the ‘ Son ’ .
the two figures , the first man and woman , emerge from the union and are representative of the two polarized or opposite principles [being] throughout nature , or the ‘ son ’ .

Stone icons are preferably carved from stones found in rocky , mountainous areas , or when not available those existing at ground level are selected . Stones are classified as follows :
stone icons are preferably carved from stones found in rocky , mountainous areas , or when not available those [being] at ground level are selected . stones are classified as follows :

These substances are called Navapasham and relate to substances existing in the human body , in the earth and throughout nature .
these substances are called navapasham and relate to substances [being] in the human body , in the earth and throughout nature .

Various ingredients are used in succession , such as clarified butter , milk , and oils that nourish and stabilize the material and prevent alien vibrations or electro-magnetic influences from upsetting its existing frequency .
various ingredients are used in succession , such as clarified butter , milk , and oils that nourish and stabilize the material and prevent alien vibrations or electro-magnetic influences from upsetting its [being] frequency .

The physical world , seemingly solid to our senses , when reduced to its ultimate is mostly ‘ emptiness ’ or etheric spaces with almost innumerable particles of negative or positive electricity mutually acting or interacting , producing all the existing material phenomena and holding them in a more or less organised state .
the physical world , seemingly solid to our senses , when reduced to its ultimate is mostly ‘ emptiness ’ or etheric spaces with almost innumerable particles of negative or positive electricity mutually acting or interacting , producing all the [being] material phenomena and holding them in a more or less organised state .

With the substantial reality of an ether existing in space as accepted by Quantum Physics , in line with the ancient Vedic teachings , we can now look at the movement of this energy and how it integrates and forms this material world we know according to modern twentieth-century understanding as well as past views .
with the substantial reality of an ether [being] in space as accepted by quantum physics , in line with the ancient vedic teachings , we can now look at the movement of this energy and how it integrates and forms this material world we know according to modern twentieth-century understanding as well as past views .

The awareness of unity existing in the diversity of objects ( intuition or ‘ para para ’ ) — the middle level .
the awareness of unity [being] in the diversity of objects ( intuition or ‘ para para ’ ) — the middle level .

It is a receiver and transmitter of all energy patterns existing in our physical universe .
it is a receiver and transmitter of all energy patterns [being] in our physical universe .

It recycles this information according to the attractability of a specific energy pattern existing at the physical level when the conditions the conducive .
it recycles this information according to the attractability of a specific energy pattern [being] at the physical level when the conditions the conducive .

For the influence to be effective , however , the frequency of the cell or any of its parts must be in phase or , more correctly , in a state of ‘ coherence ’ with the existing frequency of the virus .
for the influence to be effective , however , the frequency of the cell or any of its parts must be in phase or , more correctly , in a state of ‘ coherence ’ with the [being] frequency of the virus .

And new firms entering an area were ‘ asked ’ not to raise wages by existing companies in the area .
and new firms entering an area were ‘ asked ’ not to raise wages by [being] companies in the area .

From this point onwards , the tramway did not follow the existing road to Carshalton , which was in places very narrow and winding .
from this point onwards , the tramway did not follow the [being] road to carshalton , which was in places very narrow and winding .

It was replaced by trolleybus route 630 , which ran from the existing loop at West Croydon to College Park , Harlesden , still described as ‘ Near Willesden Junction ’ .
it was replaced by trolleybus route 630 , which ran from the [being] loop at west croydon to college park , harlesden , still described as ‘ near willesden junction ’ .

However , the existing bus fleet was if anything even more worn out than the tram fleet and would have to be replaced before the tram conversion could commence .
however , the [being] bus fleet was if anything even more worn out than the tram fleet and would have to be replaced before the tram conversion could commence .

It is true that there are a few minor anomalies in the existing structures .
it is true that there are a few minor anomalies in the [being] structures .

However , the experience so far , it concludes , is that firms are in the process of improving their procedures , and with guidance and a tightening of enforcement procedures , ‘ the existing regulatory arrangements will achieve a major and continuing improvement in standards ’ .
however , the experience so far , it concludes , is that firms are in the process of improving their procedures , and with guidance and a tightening of enforcement procedures , ‘ the [being] regulatory arrangements will achieve a major and continuing improvement in standards ’ .

‘ These ranged from lunch clubs to linking into existing networks , to setting up new ones , courses , a proposed conference , newsletter material and , most importantly , a database and exchange . ’
‘ these ranged from lunch clubs to linking into [being] networks , to setting up new ones , courses , a proposed conference , newsletter material and , most importantly , a database and exchange . ’

However , Save & Prosper , with about £175m held for 37,000 Tessa customers , says that only about 10 % to 15 % came from existing customers — about 85 % is new to the group .
however , save & prosper , with about £175m held for 37,000 tessa customers , says that only about 10 % to 15 % came from [being] customers — about 85 % is new to the group .

evaluate the existing cluster and its validity ;
evaluate the [being] cluster and its validity ;

Even with existing technologies applications are emerging in areas as diverse as shopfloor guidance , document filing and building planning and management .
even with [being] technologies applications are emerging in areas as diverse as shopfloor guidance , document filing and building planning and management .

Abbey National does not use dedicated training workstations and the CD-Rom drives will be added to the company 's existing Olivetti 386 PCs .
abbey national does not use dedicated training workstations and the cd-rom drives will be added to the company 's [being] olivetti 386 pcs .

DONs offer the benefits of high-capacity digital communications , but can be accessed , if required , via existing analogue links .
dons offer the benefits of high-capacity digital communications , but can be accessed , if required , via [being] analogue links .

Under existing company law , accounts are prepared on the assumption that the company is a going concern , but there is no explicit requirement for directors to satisfy themselves that this is a reasonable assumption to make , by , for example , preparing a cash flow forecast .
under [being] company law , accounts are prepared on the assumption that the company is a going concern , but there is no explicit requirement for directors to satisfy themselves that this is a reasonable assumption to make , by , for example , preparing a cash flow forecast .

The church wishes to acquire the adjacent land ( a new site ) , apply for planning permission and subsequently sell the new site , realising a profit that may be applied in building a new church on the existing land .
the church wishes to acquire the adjacent land ( a new site ) , apply for planning permission and subsequently sell the new site , realising a profit that may be applied in building a new church on the [being] land .

Reimbursement / indemnity / payment for existing right .
reimbursement / indemnity / payment for [being] right .

If a tenant exercises an existing right , for example to assign the lease or grant a sublease or alter the building , he usually must reimburse the landlord 's incidental costs , for example the legal or survey fees .
if a tenant exercises an [being] right , for example to assign the lease or grant a sublease or alter the building , he usually must reimburse the landlord 's incidental costs , for example the legal or survey fees .

As finance director David Nash stated : ‘ In view of the short time since the standard was issued , and the fact that most forecasts have been prepared on the existing basis , we were concerned that it might be confusing if this presentation was based on the new format .
as finance director david nash stated : ‘ in view of the short time since the standard was issued , and the fact that most forecasts have been prepared on the [being] basis , we were concerned that it might be confusing if this presentation was based on the new format .

‘ Therefore , the preliminary announcement and this presentation use the existing accounting format .
‘ therefore , the preliminary announcement and this presentation use the [being] accounting format .

Existing legislation , it says in its response to the Pension Law Review Committee 's consultative document issued last September , is inadequate to meet current needs .
[being] legislation , it says in its response to the pension law review committee 's consultative document issued last september , is inadequate to meet current needs .

We therefore feel that a Pensions Act is now necessary in order to consolidate existing legislation , clarify the major areas of uncertainty which currently exist in trust law , and to introduce new safeguards which we believe to be necessary .
we therefore feel that a pensions act is now necessary in order to consolidate [being] legislation , clarify the major areas of uncertainty which currently exist in trust law , and to introduce new safeguards which we believe to be necessary .

Existing workplaces will have until 1 January 1996 to comply .
[being] workplaces will have until 1 january 1996 to comply .

In the meantime , existing legislation applies .
in the meantime , [being] legislation applies .

The existing relief applies to exchanges both before and after the first deemed disposal .
the [being] relief applies to exchanges both before and after the first deemed disposal .

Since 1 December 1992 ( an implementation date agreed between Customs and the Law Society ) , Customs also see the payment of a landlord 's costs where a tenant exercises an existing right under a lease or licence as consideration for the supply by the landlord to the tenant .
since 1 december 1992 ( an implementation date agreed between customs and the law society ) , customs also see the payment of a landlord 's costs where a tenant exercises an [being] right under a lease or licence as consideration for the supply by the landlord to the tenant .

An existing right is one where the landlord can not unreasonably withhold consent to the tenant 's exercise of the right , or where the tenant does not need consent but must meet the landlord 's costs .
an [being] right is one where the landlord can not unreasonably withhold consent to the tenant 's exercise of the right , or where the tenant does not need consent but must meet the landlord 's costs .

The finance costs for the new debt are not at a level which is greater than that of the existing debt .
the finance costs for the new debt are not at a level which is greater than that of the [being] debt .

There are no conditions existing or likely which would permit the lender to refrain from providing funds under the facility .
there are no conditions [being] or likely which would permit the lender to refrain from providing funds under the facility .

Hengist chose a site just to the west of the existing settlement on an elevated position and constructed a Roman-style town based on knowledge gained whilst serving in the Roman army .
hengist chose a site just to the west of the [being] settlement on an elevated position and constructed a roman-style town based on knowledge gained whilst serving in the roman army .

But in between these two groups ( and ironically double Provincial Insurance Cup champions of the last two years , Bradford Salem , are amongst them ) there rest 47 Yorkshire clubs who have no opportunity , although competing in the Courage Leagues , of entering a national knock-out competition , because the qualifying regulations for the two existing competitions do not encompass them .
but in between these two groups ( and ironically double provincial insurance cup champions of the last two years , bradford salem , are amongst them ) there rest 47 yorkshire clubs who have no opportunity , although competing in the courage leagues , of entering a national knock-out competition , because the qualifying regulations for the two [being] competitions do not encompass them .

He seemed more concerned to break than maintain the shaky truce existing between him and his father .
he seemed more concerned to break than maintain the shaky truce [being] between him and his father .

To record any kind of insert , you first have to decide where it is to come within the existing recording , that is the material which is to be over-recorded and therefore lost .
to record any kind of insert , you first have to decide where it is to come within the [being] recording , that is the material which is to be over-recorded and therefore lost .

Decide where insert is to fall within existing recording
decide where insert is to fall within [being] recording

Nine times out of ten , careful attention to the redeployment of existing sources of illumination will improve matters sufficiently to enable you to shoot good pictures .
nine times out of ten , careful attention to the redeployment of [being] sources of illumination will improve matters sufficiently to enable you to shoot good pictures .

Its strategy is to acquire engineering companies in niche markets and dispose of existing businesses to reduce borrowings .
its strategy is to acquire engineering companies in niche markets and dispose of [being] businesses to reduce borrowings .

Lenders in general often appeared to be financing the tempting rates offered to first-time buyers at the expense of existing borrowers .
lenders in general often appeared to be financing the tempting rates offered to first-time buyers at the expense of [being] borrowers .

For example , Abbey National kept existing borrowers waiting until December 1992 for a lower rate that was on offer to new homebuyers in October 1992 .
for example , abbey national kept [being] borrowers waiting until december 1992 for a lower rate that was on offer to new homebuyers in october 1992 .

Check your existing lender 's redemption charge before signing up for a replacement loan .
check your [being] lender 's redemption charge before signing up for a replacement loan .

And also find out whether your existing lender will charge for supplying references to a potential new lender .
and also find out whether your [being] lender will charge for supplying references to a potential new lender .

Trade-Track can be used stand-alone or integrated with existing systems to capture , where possible , relevent existing data .
trade-track can be used stand-alone or integrated with [being] systems to capture , where possible , relevent [being] data .

This corporate information will be available via Maid ( Market Analysis and Information Database ) Systems , and will be fully integrated with Maid 's existing services Researchline and Newsline , which provide access to research reports and business news from over 4,000 newspapers and journals from 40 countries .
this corporate information will be available via maid ( market analysis and information database ) systems , and will be fully integrated with maid 's [being] services researchline and newsline , which provide access to research reports and business news from over 4,000 newspapers and journals from 40 countries .

The same treatment is afforded to partners who join and leave existing partnerships .
the same treatment is afforded to partners who join and leave [being] partnerships .

Treasury Department sources have stated that , at most , $ 3bn annually could be raised by augmented enforcement of the existing transfer pricing rules .
treasury department sources have stated that , at most , $ 3bn annually could be raised by augmented enforcement of the [being] transfer pricing rules .

With the additional staff available , Clinton maintains that transfer pricing abuse can be remedied , and the additional revenue raised , without any change in the existing law but through a better and enhanced mechanism for the enforcement of the internationally accepted arm's-length standard for transfer pricing .
with the additional staff available , clinton maintains that transfer pricing abuse can be remedied , and the additional revenue raised , without any change in the [being] law but through a better and enhanced mechanism for the enforcement of the internationally accepted arm's-length standard for transfer pricing .

The basis of valuation was the rights ' economic value in their existing use within the group 's business .
the basis of valuation was the rights ' economic value in their [being] use within the group 's business .

Now Castle also includes obligations to make further payments under existing agreements , which were previously only noted as commitments in the notes to the accounts .
now castle also includes obligations to make further payments under [being] agreements , which were previously only noted as commitments in the notes to the accounts .

The retailer , distributor and manufacturer of pharmaceutical , medical and related products takes in its group balance sheet the value of pharmacy licences as the difference between the existing use and the alternative use valuations of the licensed chemist property portfolio .
the retailer , distributor and manufacturer of pharmaceutical , medical and related products takes in its group balance sheet the value of pharmacy licences as the difference between the [being] use and the alternative use valuations of the licensed chemist property portfolio .

Three main options for reform are considered : strengthening existing legislation ; introducing a prohibition system ; or operating a combination of the two .
three main options for reform are considered : strengthening [being] legislation ; introducing a prohibition system ; or operating a combination of the two .

It is suggested that applying losses to the preceding three years on a ‘ first in , first out ’ , rather than the existing ‘ last in , first out ’ , basis would decrease the possibility that companies are not able to carry back losses to periods in which profits were made .
it is suggested that applying losses to the preceding three years on a ‘ first in , first out ’ , rather than the [being] ‘ last in , first out ’ , basis would decrease the possibility that companies are not able to carry back losses to periods in which profits were made .

Lord Keith , Lord Ackner , Lord Oliver and Lord Bridge concurred , as did Lord Griffiths , who delivered a judgment in favour of relaxing the existing rules considerably on reference to Parliamentary material .
lord keith , lord ackner , lord oliver and lord bridge concurred , as did lord griffiths , who delivered a judgment in favour of relaxing the [being] rules considerably on reference to parliamentary material .

The £6.1m paid was consideration for the site and the existing partly-constructed buildings .
the £6.1m paid was consideration for the site and the [being] partly-constructed buildings .

The third proposes new guidance to consolidate and update existing guidance .
the third proposes new guidance to consolidate and update [being] guidance .

Where existing standards fall short of complete clarity , allowing abuses to develop , or where there seems to be misunderstanding of the law , the Task Force has stepped in to bring about correction .
where [being] standards fall short of complete clarity , allowing abuses to develop , or where there seems to be misunderstanding of the law , the task force has stepped in to bring about correction .

But , as working party chairman John Collier is well aware , that vision could be seen to undermine the existing generalist qualification .
but , as working party chairman john collier is well aware , that vision could be seen to undermine the [being] generalist qualification .

The third paper , which consolidates and updates existing technical guidance , extends the requirement for outgoing auditors to provide the incoming auditors with full information on matters they should be aware of , to advisers involved in other forms of recurring work such as tax and accounting .
the third paper , which consolidates and updates [being] technical guidance , extends the requirement for outgoing auditors to provide the incoming auditors with full information on matters they should be aware of , to advisers involved in other forms of recurring work such as tax and accounting .

In his report , he says that he sees no reason to recommend a change in the Bank 's existing practice of appointing accountants on the basis of their knowledge and understanding to investigate banks under ss 39 and 41 of the Banking Act .
in his report , he says that he sees no reason to recommend a change in the bank 's [being] practice of appointing accountants on the basis of their knowledge and understanding to investigate banks under ss 39 and 41 of the banking act .

In letters to charities she is warning them about the extra administration time that trustees will spend making tax claims and notifying changes of registered particulars , and advising them that much of it could be saved by selling existing investments and contributing the proceeds of sale to a common investment fund .
in letters to charities she is warning them about the extra administration time that trustees will spend making tax claims and notifying changes of registered particulars , and advising them that much of it could be saved by selling [being] investments and contributing the proceeds of sale to a common investment fund .

At 3i , the largest venture capital institution , the minimum for new business is around £100,000 , and for existing customers , considerably less .
at 3i , the largest venture capital institution , the minimum for new business is around £100,000 , and for [being] customers , considerably less .

Again , 3i differs here in that 35 % of all the money it invests goes to its existing customer base .
again , 3i differs here in that 35 % of all the money it invests goes to its [being] customer base .

In addition to normal responsibilities , which include making new investments , approaching new potential customers and keeping existing customers happy , Mr Queen says that they have been trying to educate the professional community to recognise when a company is going to need more working capital .
in addition to normal responsibilities , which include making new investments , approaching new potential customers and keeping [being] customers happy , mr queen says that they have been trying to educate the professional community to recognise when a company is going to need more working capital .

This has led to competition among existing havens to attract a larger share of the market , and to a steady influx of new locations offering investors an attractive environment .
this has led to competition among [being] havens to attract a larger share of the market , and to a steady influx of new locations offering investors an attractive environment .

Many existing audit committees ' terms of reference are expressed in very general terms only .
many [being] audit committees ' terms of reference are expressed in very general terms only .

It will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of Mr Hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his operation than the existing confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .
it will be found on the cost accountant 's bookshelf but the operational manager will not be convinced that the cost gymnastics of mr hicks ' cost accumulation model are any more accurate or relevant to his operation than the [being] confusion of standard rates , production norm etc .

The first return to be affected by these changes will be the one for the period ending 31 January 1993 : the taxpayer will have to apply the existing system for the first two months , and the new procedures for the final month .
the first return to be affected by these changes will be the one for the period ending 31 january 1993 : the taxpayer will have to apply the [being] system for the first two months , and the new procedures for the final month .

One final point to remember is that goods despatched before 31 December will be treated as exports within the existing system even if they are to arrive on 1 January or later .
one final point to remember is that goods despatched before 31 december will be treated as exports within the [being] system even if they are to arrive on 1 january or later .

The Institute has called for more stringent vetting of solicitors ' accounting arrangements , and has particularly questioned whether the existing system of annual checks is adequate .
the institute has called for more stringent vetting of solicitors ' accounting arrangements , and has particularly questioned whether the [being] system of annual checks is adequate .

The Institute said that its main concern was ‘ whether the existing reporting system itself is performing satisfactorily and , if not , what further assistance the accountancy profession can provide ’ .
the institute said that its main concern was ‘ whether the [being] reporting system itself is performing satisfactorily and , if not , what further assistance the accountancy profession can provide ’ .

It extends the scope of existing money laundering offences to cover the proceeds of other crimes .
it extends the scope of [being] money laundering offences to cover the proceeds of other crimes .

The Bill aims to close gaps in existing law on fraud and allow courts in England and Wales to try cases of fraud and similar offences , where much of the criminal activity may have occurred in this country but where the final act happened overseas .
the bill aims to close gaps in [being] law on fraud and allow courts in england and wales to try cases of fraud and similar offences , where much of the criminal activity may have occurred in this country but where the final act happened overseas .

Clause 20 and Sch 2 add to the existing protection of pregnant women by giving those without the requisite length of service , who formerly were not entitled to any maternity leave , a period of 14 weeks ' such leave .
clause 20 and sch 2 add to the [being] protection of pregnant women by giving those without the requisite length of service , who formerly were not entitled to any maternity leave , a period of 14 weeks ' such leave .

The situation is complicated by the fact that most of the settlers replaced the existing place names with their own .
the situation is complicated by the fact that most of the settlers replaced the [being] place names with their own .

After Bishop Seffrid consecrated the completed building in 1184 , it was severely damaged by fire in 1187 and had to be substantially reconstructed , using the existing framework .
after bishop seffrid consecrated the completed building in 1184 , it was severely damaged by fire in 1187 and had to be substantially reconstructed , using the [being] framework .

Instead , most of them saw a steady confirmation of their existing position .
instead , most of them saw a steady confirmation of their [being] position .

It will be replaced either by Trafalgar Day in October or an extra day tacked on to the existing August Bank Holiday .
it will be replaced either by trafalgar day in october or an extra day tacked on to the [being] august bank holiday .

It will point to the success of existing ‘ super forces ’ like Thames Valley west of London and Dyfed Powys in Wales .
it will point to the success of [being] ‘ super forces ’ like thames valley west of london and dyfed powys in wales .

‘ There is a lack of co-operation between existing forces .
‘ there is a lack of co-operation between [being] forces .

Existing borrowers who have been with the society for five years or more may get a reduction in their interest rate if they have never been in arrears .
[being] borrowers who have been with the society for five years or more may get a reduction in their interest rate if they have never been in arrears .

The Brehon Laws representing the most ancient code in Europe and existing centuries before the birth of Christ , long , long before any conquest or plantation in Ireland , made special provision for the sick both for their accommodation and for their protection .
the brehon laws representing the most ancient code in europe and [being] centuries before the birth of christ , long , long before any conquest or plantation in ireland , made special provision for the sick both for their accommodation and for their protection .

This represents a massive 2% cut on previous rates and compares with the existing average mortgage rate of 8.5% and fixed rates of between 7.2% and 7.75% .
this represents a massive 2% cut on previous rates and compares with the [being] average mortgage rate of 8.5% and fixed rates of between 7.2% and 7.75% .

Meanwhile , existing shares go ‘ ex-dividend ’ today .
meanwhile , [being] shares go ‘ ex-dividend ’ today .

It is dependent on the stability of existing states of affairs since it assumes that future situations will be predictable replicas of those in the past .
it is dependent on the stability of [being] states of affairs since it assumes that future situations will be predictable replicas of those in the past .

The way techniques are to be considered in teacher education , not as procedures to conform to but to exploit , bears on the question of the use of existing teaching materials in the preparation of teachers .
the way techniques are to be considered in teacher education , not as procedures to conform to but to exploit , bears on the question of the use of [being] teaching materials in the preparation of teachers .

The original problem could then be reconsidered in the light of this appraisal and the next stage would be to move into application , making the ideas operational by the teacher 's devising activities in reference to given examples drawn from existing teaching materials .
the original problem could then be reconsidered in the light of this appraisal and the next stage would be to move into application , making the ideas operational by the teacher 's devising activities in reference to given examples drawn from [being] teaching materials .

Application : Sample drills provided , selected from existing materials with reference to procedural guidance .
application : sample drills provided , selected from [being] materials with reference to procedural guidance .

The evidence they yield does not just quantify the token occurrence of existing category types , for the most part derived from intuition , but also suggests that the types themselves stand in need of revision so that the language as abstractly conceived by the linguist is brought into closer correspondence with the language as actually realized by the user .
the evidence they yield does not just quantify the token occurrence of [being] category types , for the most part derived from intuition , but also suggests that the types themselves stand in need of revision so that the language as abstractly conceived by the linguist is brought into closer correspondence with the language as actually realized by the user .

Opinion shopping arises when a firm 's opinion is sought , by an organisation which is not an existing audit client , on the accounting treatments appropriate to its particular circumstances .
opinion shopping arises when a firm 's opinion is sought , by an organisation which is not an [being] audit client , on the accounting treatments appropriate to its particular circumstances .

revision of the existing guidance on Changes in a Professional Appointment ;
revision of the [being] guidance on changes in a professional appointment ;

Auditors should be responsible to a wider audience , including potential shareholders and existing and potential creditors .
auditors should be responsible to a wider audience , including potential shareholders and [being] and potential creditors .

Once the road has been chosen , change management comes to mean knowing how to get off the existing road and onto the new one .
once the road has been chosen , change management comes to mean knowing how to get off the [being] road and onto the new one .

With a vast established user base , and low upgrade costs for existing Windows users , it will probably prove extremely popular .
with a vast established user base , and low upgrade costs for [being] windows users , it will probably prove extremely popular .

As the Investors Chronicle of 18 September pointed out , most building societies do not tell their savers when one of their accounts ceases to be marketed to new investors , even if the existing investor could obtain a much better rate of interest by switching to another account with the same society .
as the investors chronicle of 18 september pointed out , most building societies do not tell their savers when one of their accounts ceases to be marketed to new investors , even if the [being] investor could obtain a much better rate of interest by switching to another account with the same society .

Significantly , neither the summary of Existing Benefits for Members in Practice , set out in Appendix 3 , nor the summary of Recent Achievements , set out in Appendix 5 , make any reference to practice profitability or the legal liability problem .
significantly , neither the summary of [being] benefits for members in practice , set out in appendix 3 , nor the summary of recent achievements , set out in appendix 5 , make any reference to practice profitability or the legal liability problem .

On the assumption that the relevant legislation is not satisfied , what course of action can a minority shareholder who is not a director ( owning say 20% of the share capital ) take to redress the situation when new shares have been systematically issued to existing directors without first being offered on a pro rata basis to all members ?
on the assumption that the relevant legislation is not satisfied , what course of action can a minority shareholder who is not a director ( owning say 20% of the share capital ) take to redress the situation when new shares have been systematically issued to [being] directors without first being offered on a pro rata basis to all members ?

The supervision will be carried out by existing staff within their normal duties .
the supervision will be carried out by [being] staff within their normal duties .

: We are told that if the order is undertaken , supervision will be carried out by existing staff within their normal duties .
: we are told that if the order is undertaken , supervision will be carried out by [being] staff within their normal duties .

The major points of difference between the proposed Statement of Auditing Standards and the existing standard are that : auditors ' reports would contain brief descriptions of the respective responsibilities of directors and auditors , and would indicate the basis of the opinion expressed and include a description of the key features of the audit process ; auditors would no longer issue qualified reports solely as a result of uncertainties which can not be resolved at the date the financial statements are approved ( ‘ inherent uncertainties ’ ) .
the major points of difference between the proposed statement of auditing standards and the [being] standard are that : auditors ' reports would contain brief descriptions of the respective responsibilities of directors and auditors , and would indicate the basis of the opinion expressed and include a description of the key features of the audit process ; auditors would no longer issue qualified reports solely as a result of uncertainties which can not be resolved at the date the financial statements are approved ( ‘ inherent uncertainties ’ ) .

The note to the accounts on investment properties says the properties have been valued at 31 August 1991 at the directors ' estimate of their current market value ( £3.901m ) , taking existing use into account .
the note to the accounts on investment properties says the properties have been valued at 31 august 1991 at the directors ' estimate of their current market value ( £3.901m ) , taking [being] use into account .

The Bill would outlaw discrimination in employment , housing , education , leisure facilities , transport and public services in a more effective way than the existing legislation .
the bill would outlaw discrimination in employment , housing , education , leisure facilities , transport and public services in a more effective way than the [being] legislation .

The document contains a broad outline of the existing legal and regulatory framework for pension schemes , and a more detailed look at the issues on which the Committee is seeking views .
the document contains a broad outline of the [being] legal and regulatory framework for pension schemes , and a more detailed look at the issues on which the committee is seeking views .

However , the Revenue will continue to apply its existing practice until the case is finally decided in the higher courts .
however , the revenue will continue to apply its [being] practice until the case is finally decided in the higher courts .

As part of its drive to improve the standard of service to taxpayers under the Citizen 's Charter , the Inland Revenue commissioned a survey in June to find out what taxpayers thought of the existing service and what they would like to see by way of improvement .
as part of its drive to improve the standard of service to taxpayers under the citizen 's charter , the inland revenue commissioned a survey in june to find out what taxpayers thought of the [being] service and what they would like to see by way of improvement .

It contended that in carrying out their functions in April and May 1984 , the auditors owed a duty of care to investors in the form of the existing shareholders and to potential investors including Caparo .
it contended that in carrying out their functions in april and may 1984 , the auditors owed a duty of care to investors in the form of the [being] shareholders and to potential investors including caparo .

The judge of first instance held that the auditors owed no duty of care to Caparo either as an existing shareholder or as a potential investor .
the judge of first instance held that the auditors owed no duty of care to caparo either as an [being] shareholder or as a potential investor .

On appeal , the Court of Appeal was unanimously of the view that there was no duty of care between an auditor and potential investors in a company , but held that an auditor did owe such a duty to Fidelity 's existing shareholders .
on appeal , the court of appeal was unanimously of the view that there was no duty of care between an auditor and potential investors in a company , but held that an auditor did owe such a duty to fidelity 's [being] shareholders .

The House of Lords found that there was no duty of care either to existing shareholders or to potential investors .
the house of lords found that there was no duty of care either to [being] shareholders or to potential investors .

The problems multiply for the newer financial and hedging instruments , many of which do not easily fit into existing statute and case law .
the problems multiply for the newer financial and hedging instruments , many of which do not easily fit into [being] statute and case law .

They are locked into a broader pattern of support which spans the three generations of parents and children , rather than existing on their own terms .
they are locked into a broader pattern of support which spans the three generations of parents and children , rather than [being] on their own terms .

Some clues can be found in existing literature .
some clues can be found in [being] literature .

Existing British evidence on widowhood seems to support that conclusion , reporting a tendency for many widows gradually to lose contact with their husband 's relatives , although some do stay close ( Marris , 1958 ) .
[being] british evidence on widowhood seems to support that conclusion , reporting a tendency for many widows gradually to lose contact with their husband 's relatives , although some do stay close ( marris , 1958 ) .

Indeed it is an important priority to generate new data which make ethnicity visible , because on the basis of existing evidence it is difficult to distinguish whether the different patterns of support which we can see in minority ethnic kin groups are likely to persist as patterns of settlement stabilize .
indeed it is an important priority to generate new data which make ethnicity visible , because on the basis of [being] evidence it is difficult to distinguish whether the different patterns of support which we can see in minority ethnic kin groups are likely to persist as patterns of settlement stabilize .

Most SSDs had submitted their implementation plans to the DoH by last week 's deadline , although many said they had merely built on existing frameworks .
most ssds had submitted their implementation plans to the doh by last week 's deadline , although many said they had merely built on [being] frameworks .

She joined the King 's Fund 's then existing nursing college and later moved to director Jim Elliott 's new learning difficulties project .
she joined the king 's fund 's then [being] nursing college and later moved to director jim elliott 's new learning difficulties project .

Support networks for black managers and staff should also be set up with existing networks and resources .
support networks for black managers and staff should also be set up with [being] networks and resources .

However , it was also realised that existing service provision did not always meet clients ' needs .
however , it was also realised that [being] service provision did not always meet clients ' needs .

Most of the existing shares came from First Financial Management Corp , Atlanta , Georgia , which acquired 2.4m shares in connection with FIserv 's acquisition of Tomahawk Holding Inc and its Basis Information Technologies Inc unit .
most of the [being] shares came from first financial management corp , atlanta , georgia , which acquired 2.4m shares in connection with fiserv 's acquisition of tomahawk holding inc and its basis information technologies inc unit .

Third , the new view of metazoan phylogeny requires a radical review of existing data , especially about ultrastructure , functional anatomy and biomineralization .
third , the new view of metazoan phylogeny requires a radical review of [being] data , especially about ultrastructure , functional anatomy and biomineralization .

To lengthen the crest , we used cyanoacrylate ‘ superglue ’ to attach crest shafts collected from other birds to existing crest feathers on models .
to lengthen the crest , we used cyanoacrylate ‘ superglue ’ to attach crest shafts collected from other birds to [being] crest feathers on models .

How well does this model agree with existing data ?
how well does this model agree with [being] data ?

He told the assembly 's members that if they did not vote down the existing chief minister , a supporter of Mr Sharif 's , and put him in the post instead , the president would dissolve the assembly and they would all lose their jobs .
he told the assembly 's members that if they did not vote down the [being] chief minister , a supporter of mr sharif 's , and put him in the post instead , the president would dissolve the assembly and they would all lose their jobs .

The biggest savings , therefore , will come from asking which existing weapons are still needed , at least in their present numbers . For instance :
the biggest savings , therefore , will come from asking which [being] weapons are still needed , at least in their present numbers . for instance :

The Committee of the Regions may make regional governments feel better but will probably be as ineffective as the existing Economic and Social Committee .
the committee of the regions may make regional governments feel better but will probably be as ineffective as the [being] economic and social committee .

Too many companies , says Mr Hammer , have used computers to automate existing tasks and procedures , when what firms should have done is to obliterate them .
too many companies , says mr hammer , have used computers to automate [being] tasks and procedures , when what firms should have done is to obliterate them .

Of course it is easier to design a new business , as Michael Dell did , than redesign an existing one .
of course it is easier to design a new business , as michael dell did , than redesign an [being] one .

There may be big rewards in ‘ nuking ’ a company 's existing methods , but there are also big obstacles .
there may be big rewards in ‘ nuking ’ a company 's [being] methods , but there are also big obstacles .

Paradoxically , one of the biggest , says Thomas Davenport , a management consultant with Ernst & Young and one of the earliest advocates of re-engineering , is a company 's existing computer system , which can be so complex and yet so central to the firm 's business that it is too expensive and too risky to scrap entirely ( though not always — see box ) .
paradoxically , one of the biggest , says thomas davenport , a management consultant with ernst & young and one of the earliest advocates of re-engineering , is a company 's [being] computer system , which can be so complex and yet so central to the firm 's business that it is too expensive and too risky to scrap entirely ( though not always — see box ) .

Better technology should help both to recover more gas from existing reserves and also to make new areas accessible .
better technology should help both to recover more gas from [being] reserves and also to make new areas accessible .

The business plan 's solution is to transfer existing reserves set against pre-1986 liabilities into a central pot .
the business plan 's solution is to transfer [being] reserves set against pre-1986 liabilities into a central pot .

Mr Rowland reckons existing reserves for pre-1986 liabilities may total £4 billion-5 billion .
mr rowland reckons [being] reserves for pre-1986 liabilities may total £4 billion-5 billion .

But existing names are finding them ever harder to finance .
but [being] names are finding them ever harder to finance .

Both this option and the one derived from the existing design could come in three different sizes to fit the three different pockets envisaged .
both this option and the one derived from the [being] design could come in three different sizes to fit the three different pockets envisaged .

But the benefit is realised only if a spending tax replaces other existing taxes and the tax burden as a whole is either unchanged or reduced .
but the benefit is realised only if a spending tax replaces other [being] taxes and the tax burden as a whole is either unchanged or reduced .

The seemingly boundless confidence of Mr Milosevic and his allies was not unconnected with the fact that until 1991 most of the rest of the world still seemed to reject any loosening of the bonds — controlled by the Serbs — that kept the existing Yugoslavia together .
the seemingly boundless confidence of mr milosevic and his allies was not unconnected with the fact that until 1991 most of the rest of the world still seemed to reject any loosening of the bonds — controlled by the serbs — that kept the [being] yugoslavia together .

Even under the existing rules , several cases have been brought against the directors of securities firms caught compensating clients for stockmarket losses .
even under the [being] rules , several cases have been brought against the directors of securities firms caught compensating clients for stockmarket losses .

In applications for new patents in America , existing patents of Japanese origin are more frequently cited than those from any other country .
in applications for new patents in america , [being] patents of japanese origin are more frequently cited than those from any other country .

That could have been achieved by an international conference in which both sides ( and Bulgaria , which also has an interest ) would have been asked to swear their respect for existing frontiers .
that could have been achieved by an international conference in which both sides ( and bulgaria , which also has an interest ) would have been asked to swear their respect for [being] frontiers .

Together with a programme of expansion and refurbishment at existing prisons there will be an additional capacity of 21,000 places .
together with a programme of expansion and refurbishment at [being] prisons there will be an additional capacity of 21,000 places .

After an overall view of the existing conditions in prisons , we are constrained to record that prison organisation in India does not conform to the required standards of a correctional department . ( All-India Committee 1983 : paras 3.18–3.45 )
after an overall view of the [being] conditions in prisons , we are constrained to record that prison organisation in india does not conform to the required standards of a correctional department . ( all-india committee 1983 : paras 3.18–3.45 )

Despite the possibility of there being objective legal rules , however , Beccaria was clearly not implying that existing legal systems , including that of his own society , necessarily embody them .
despite the possibility of there being objective legal rules , however , beccaria was clearly not implying that [being] legal systems , including that of his own society , necessarily embody them .

Certainly , positivism did also produce social determinist critiques of the existing order .
certainly , positivism did also produce social determinist critiques of the [being] order .

Above all , the new positivists portrayed the existing penal process based on such principles as having failed to provide for the proper defence of society against crime — partly through prescientific wrongheadedness , and partly through a misplaced concern with the rights of offenders ( Ferri , 1967 ) .
above all , the new positivists portrayed the [being] penal process based on such principles as having failed to provide for the proper defence of society against crime — partly through prescientific wrongheadedness , and partly through a misplaced concern with the rights of offenders ( ferri , 1967 ) .

As we saw in the last chapter , he , too , believed in the possibility of an objective category of crime which was not necessarily the same as that defined by the existing criminal law , and its source — the reason of the ‘ few thinking men in every nation ’ seems just as elitist and potentially authoritarian .
as we saw in the last chapter , he , too , believed in the possibility of an objective category of crime which was not necessarily the same as that defined by the [being] criminal law , and its source — the reason of the ‘ few thinking men in every nation ’ seems just as elitist and potentially authoritarian .

Indeed , as we also saw in the last chapter , one recent writer ( Jenkins , 1984 ) portrays Beccaria 's postponement of the positivist revolution as being anti-radical and supportive of existing authoritarian rulers .
indeed , as we also saw in the last chapter , one recent writer ( jenkins , 1984 ) portrays beccaria 's postponement of the positivist revolution as being anti-radical and supportive of [being] authoritarian rulers .

The key textbooks of sociological theories did sometimes conclude with a discussion of treatment implications , but often in the form of an analysis of existing provisions with occasional nods of approval or disapproval .
the key textbooks of sociological theories did sometimes conclude with a discussion of treatment implications , but often in the form of an analysis of [being] provisions with occasional nods of approval or disapproval .

Classical criminology did not assume that existing legal definitions of crime and the way they are enforced necessarily constitute this objective category .
classical criminology did not assume that [being] legal definitions of crime and the way they are enforced necessarily constitute this objective category .

Similarly , as we saw , positivists tended to recognise the need for a category of ‘ crime ’ outside of the existing legal one .
similarly , as we saw , positivists tended to recognise the need for a category of ‘ crime ’ outside of the [being] legal one .

But in practice positivists almost invariably worked uncritically and unquestioningly with the products of the existing legal definitions ; by default , they endowed them with an objective status .
but in practice positivists almost invariably worked uncritically and unquestioningly with the products of the [being] legal definitions ; by default , they endowed them with an objective status .

To take existing definitions and enforcement practices for granted was in fact , they argued , to take a very specific — conservative — position .
to take [being] definitions and enforcement practices for granted was in fact , they argued , to take a very specific — conservative — position .

We must feel that the existing social arrangements allow for equal , or justifiably unequal , satisfaction of our other needs , if we are to believe in conformity .
we must feel that the [being] social arrangements allow for equal , or justifiably unequal , satisfaction of our other needs , if we are to believe in conformity .

However , he stressed they were looking at how to change existing guidelines , for example how to use existing medical staff most efficiently .
however , he stressed they were looking at how to change [being] guidelines , for example how to use [being] medical staff most efficiently .

Half the dailies existing in 1981 changed hands by 1988 .
half the dailies [being] in 1981 changed hands by 1988 .

Some of these sales were to existing publishers .
some of these sales were to [being] publishers .

Only 10 of these were far distant from an existing paper .
only 10 of these were far distant from an [being] paper .

The post-war trend in evening papers , then , was a clear-cut elimination of towns with more than one locally based paper ; the establishment of papers in perhaps 20 towns that did not have them in 1945 ; and the survival of all the existing papers that faced no home town competition as early as 1945 .
the post-war trend in evening papers , then , was a clear-cut elimination of towns with more than one locally based paper ; the establishment of papers in perhaps 20 towns that did not have them in 1945 ; and the survival of all the [being] papers that faced no home town competition as early as 1945 .

In the same period , 40 per cent of the new titles were actually new editions of existing papers .
in the same period , 40 per cent of the new titles were actually new editions of [being] papers .

The response of the existing publishers was traditional : they founded their own free weeklies or bought up the newcomers .
the response of the [being] publishers was traditional : they founded their own free weeklies or bought up the newcomers .

Never perfect , it at least maintains the presence of Bosnia in its existing borders , and denies the Serbs their aim of a Greater Serbia and the Croats theirs of a Greater Croatia .
never perfect , it at least maintains the presence of bosnia in its [being] borders , and denies the serbs their aim of a greater serbia and the croats theirs of a greater croatia .

That is likely to be British-style first-past-the-post rules for both houses of parliament — the system that 82 % of voters backed in the referendum , though their only alternative was the existing system .
that is likely to be british-style first-past-the-post rules for both houses of parliament — the system that 82 % of voters backed in the referendum , though their only alternative was the [being] system .

The worry is that Improv may cannibalise sales of Lotus 's existing program .
the worry is that improv may cannibalise sales of lotus 's [being] program .

Against that , many of the pile-'em-high-and-sell-'em-cheap stores that took advantage of falling property prices to expand in Britain are convinced they can grow at the expense of existing supermarket chains even when good times return .
against that , many of the pile-'em-high-and-sell-'em-cheap stores that took advantage of falling property prices to expand in britain are convinced they can grow at the expense of [being] supermarket chains even when good times return .

However a new range of cheap , in-house brands could put pressure on retailers to lower prices on their existing own-label products too , leaving them worse off .
however a new range of cheap , in-house brands could put pressure on retailers to lower prices on their [being] own-label products too , leaving them worse off .

It could remove banks ' existing right to sell insurance in small towns .
it could remove banks ' [being] right to sell insurance in small towns .

Each crystal in the magnetic nanocomposite could , in principle , be used to store one bit of data , offering , according to Dr Ziolo , up to 10,000 times the capacity of existing magnetic data-storage devices .
each crystal in the magnetic nanocomposite could , in principle , be used to store one bit of data , offering , according to dr ziolo , up to 10,000 times the capacity of [being] magnetic data-storage devices .

Sacredness as an attribute is not absolute ; it is brought into play by the nature of particular situations ’ , existing in both space ( such as the movement to and from town , or to a foreign country ) , and time ( between birth and initiation , say ) .
sacredness as an attribute is not absolute ; it is brought into play by the nature of particular situations ’ , [being] in both space ( such as the movement to and from town , or to a foreign country ) , and time ( between birth and initiation , say ) .

The two major exceptions to appointment from among existing managers were the chairman , Lord Citrine ( a trade unionist ) , and his deputy , Sir Henry Self ( a civil servant ) .
the two major exceptions to appointment from among [being] managers were the chairman , lord citrine ( a trade unionist ) , and his deputy , sir henry self ( a civil servant ) .

In the 1950s only a quarter of the growth in sales of electricity to domestic consumers came from newly-connected homes and another quarter from the extended use of existing appliances , but as much as half came from newly-purchased appliances .
in the 1950s only a quarter of the growth in sales of electricity to domestic consumers came from newly-connected homes and another quarter from the extended use of [being] appliances , but as much as half came from newly-purchased appliances .

Tariffs , they considered , were a matter for their own judgement at local level , and the existing simple bulk supply tariff , together with their own knowledge of the industry , were argued to be a sufficient incentive to develop off-peak sales .
tariffs , they considered , were a matter for their own judgement at local level , and the [being] simple bulk supply tariff , together with their own knowledge of the industry , were argued to be a sufficient incentive to develop off-peak sales .

Heavy consumers of technology , most banks have so far used it more to automate existing ways of doing things than to invent entirely new ones .
heavy consumers of technology , most banks have so far used it more to automate [being] ways of doing things than to invent entirely new ones .

Through Energis , its telecoms subsidiary , it plans to spend £100m ( $ 155m ) in the next year on building a fibre-optic network throughout Britain , largely using its existing pylons .
through energis , its telecoms subsidiary , it plans to spend £100m ( $ 155m ) in the next year on building a fibre-optic network throughout britain , largely using its [being] pylons .

Expanding an existing landfill is often easier and cheaper than starting a new one from scratch .
expanding an [being] landfill is often easier and cheaper than starting a new one from scratch .

In Germany , municipal waste can be landfilled only after being sorted and processed ; in France , tough new landfill standards have recently been introduced ; in Britain , higher standards for new landfills ( although not for existing ones ) are being introduced under the terms of the 1990 Environmental Protection Act .
in germany , municipal waste can be landfilled only after being sorted and processed ; in france , tough new landfill standards have recently been introduced ; in britain , higher standards for new landfills ( although not for [being] ones ) are being introduced under the terms of the 1990 environmental protection act .

In Britain , for instance , Waste Management International , Shanks & McEwan and Severn Trent/Biffa are enraged that the government has decided to postpone the introduction of the landfill standards in the 1990 Environmental Protection Act , and refuses to apply them to existing landfills .
in britain , for instance , waste management international , shanks & mcewan and severn trent/biffa are enraged that the government has decided to postpone the introduction of the landfill standards in the 1990 environmental protection act , and refuses to apply them to [being] landfills .

Perversely , the existing system has begun to attract support , from three sources .
perversely , the [being] system has begun to attract support , from three sources .

Although uranium can be put to use , and used up , as fuel in existing reactors , plutonium is much harder to get rid of .
although uranium can be put to use , and used up , as fuel in [being] reactors , plutonium is much harder to get rid of .

In dealing with these acts , the government does not adopt any extra-judicial measures ; existing laws apply .
in dealing with these acts , the government does not adopt any extra-judicial measures ; [being] laws apply .

Although most of the existing dubious credits stem from the speculative frenzy of the late 1980s , banks have begun to admit that an increasing number of loans are non-performing because of general economic weakness .
although most of the [being] dubious credits stem from the speculative frenzy of the late 1980s , banks have begun to admit that an increasing number of loans are non-performing because of general economic weakness .

The company is not turning away existing customers ; it is trying to reassess business on the basis of customer needs rather than product lines .
the company is not turning away [being] customers ; it is trying to reassess business on the basis of customer needs rather than product lines .

The alternative , when plutonium is seen as a fuel , is to load it into existing Russian reactors , unused to the stuff and already regarded as unsafe by outsiders .
the alternative , when plutonium is seen as a fuel , is to load it into [being] russian reactors , unused to the stuff and already regarded as unsafe by outsiders .

In October 1734 , for example , Captain Charles Campbell , the manager of Lord Ilay 's interest in the town of Stirling , attempted to overthrow the existing majority in the burgh council .
in october 1734 , for example , captain charles campbell , the manager of lord ilay 's interest in the town of stirling , attempted to overthrow the [being] majority in the burgh council .

Different views on the existing balance of power between natural parents , statutory agencies and substitute parents .
different views on the [being] balance of power between natural parents , statutory agencies and substitute parents .

It is hypothesised that most existing studies of adoption are not sufficiently long term to , demonstrate these effects .
it is hypothesised that most [being] studies of adoption are not sufficiently long term to , demonstrate these effects .

responsibility analysis ’ which broadly takes the existing political and economic structure of society for granted , or which does not relate it very strongly to individual families ' difficulties .
responsibility analysis ’ which broadly takes the [being] political and economic structure of society for granted , or which does not relate it very strongly to individual families ' difficulties .

In general , one viewpoint leans towards a class or power analysis of child care , while the other tends to take the existing social structure as given and to construe child care issues in more individualistic terms .
in general , one viewpoint leans towards a class or power analysis of child care , while the other tends to take the [being] social structure as given and to construe child care issues in more individualistic terms .

Adaptation of family and child to existing and future conditions
adaptation of family and child to [being] and future conditions

Reactions to change have tended to involve attempts to encompass new approaches within existing frameworks of practice and thinking .
reactions to change have tended to involve attempts to encompass new approaches within [being] frameworks of practice and thinking .

In this chapter , we shall be exploring the nature and implications of existing professional approaches , and the growing awareness of the importance of professional/client relationships .
in this chapter , we shall be exploring the nature and implications of [being] professional approaches , and the growing awareness of the importance of professional/client relationships .

Both assume that existing social constructions of normality define the goal to which people with learning difficulties must aspire ; both define and understand the ‘ problems of mentally handicapped ’ people in such a way as to indicate clearly the impossibility of ever achieving that goal ( the best hope being to build up patterns of skills which approximate to ‘ normal ’ behaviour ) ; and both create a professional/client relationship which enshrines the professional in a world of exclusive and privileged knowledge , and consequently entombs the individual with learning difficulties in a fundamentally dependent role .
both assume that [being] social constructions of normality define the goal to which people with learning difficulties must aspire ; both define and understand the ‘ problems of mentally handicapped ’ people in such a way as to indicate clearly the impossibility of ever achieving that goal ( the best hope being to build up patterns of skills which approximate to ‘ normal ’ behaviour ) ; and both create a professional/client relationship which enshrines the professional in a world of exclusive and privileged knowledge , and consequently entombs the individual with learning difficulties in a fundamentally dependent role .

It is precisely in line with the common professional assumptions outlined earlier and fits comfortably within the existing style of professional/client relationships .
it is precisely in line with the common professional assumptions outlined earlier and fits comfortably within the [being] style of professional/client relationships .

The tendency is , then , for professional/client relationships to continue in the existing mode — even , as suggested earlier , pushing their interpretation of normalisation principles into line with their established practice in order to reduce the dissonance they might otherwise experience .
the tendency is , then , for professional/client relationships to continue in the [being] mode — even , as suggested earlier , pushing their interpretation of normalisation principles into line with their established practice in order to reduce the dissonance they might otherwise experience .

Within such an institutional arrangement there is , by implication , little room for alternative practices , including those possibilities opened up by the women 's and gay liberation movements of the period , and it is such an arrangement that constituted , for Gummer , the previously existing moral consensus .
within such an institutional arrangement there is , by implication , little room for alternative practices , including those possibilities opened up by the women 's and gay liberation movements of the period , and it is such an arrangement that constituted , for gummer , the previously [being] moral consensus .

Although the authors in this ‘ school ’ focus on different aspects of permissive Britain , they are all united by their acceptance of the idea that previously existing moral consensus has given way to confusion and uncertainty .
although the authors in this ‘ school ’ focus on different aspects of permissive britain , they are all united by their acceptance of the idea that previously [being] moral consensus has given way to confusion and uncertainty .

From this perspective the previously existing moral order is not seen as being wholly positive , and consequently its destruction — for both the conservative- and liberal-historians identify such a process-is not necessarily perceived as being problematic .
from this perspective the previously [being] moral order is not seen as being wholly positive , and consequently its destruction — for both the conservative- and liberal-historians identify such a process-is not necessarily perceived as being problematic .

Both involve the identification of a previously existing , now largely defunct , set of moral imperatives which have given way to a new order in which control , particularly of sexual conduct , has diminished .
both involve the identification of a previously [being] , now largely defunct , set of moral imperatives which have given way to a new order in which control , particularly of sexual conduct , has diminished .

‘ Right ’ and ‘ wrong ’ are , for her , immutables drawn from religious teaching , which are necessary as a context for sex education , and around which a previously existing consensus was being subverted by ‘ propagandists ’ for ‘ permissiveness ’ .
‘ right ’ and ‘ wrong ’ are , for her , immutables drawn from religious teaching , which are necessary as a context for sex education , and around which a previously [being] consensus was being subverted by ‘ propagandists ’ for ‘ permissiveness ’ .

Seven years ago a distinguished list of signatories wrote in your columns that the existing law clearly no longer represented either Christian or liberal opinion in this country , and that its continued enforcement would do more harm than good to the community as a whole .
seven years ago a distinguished list of signatories wrote in your columns that the [being] law clearly no longer represented either christian or liberal opinion in this country , and that its continued enforcement would do more harm than good to the community as a whole .

Currently such research is obliged to have only one aim — unhooking existing addicts .
currently such research is obliged to have only one aim — unhooking [being] addicts .

The problem remains of how to get the existing parliament to connive at its own demise .
the problem remains of how to get the [being] parliament to connive at its own demise .

They also tell the production department about demand for existing products : this helps Keyence to regulate its output and reduce inventories .
they also tell the production department about demand for [being] products : this helps keyence to regulate its output and reduce inventories .

His officials threatened to withhold future financial aid , or even to freeze existing programmes .
his officials threatened to withhold future financial aid , or even to freeze [being] programmes .

Cuts of that level would decimate the existing service and make it almost impossible for underdeveloped areas of the service such as facilities for children with physical disabilities , imaginative respite , and family-based care schemes and improved under-fives facilities to be developed .
cuts of that level would decimate the [being] service and make it almost impossible for underdeveloped areas of the service such as facilities for children with physical disabilities , imaginative respite , and family-based care schemes and improved under-fives facilities to be developed .

For others who went through distress , over and over again the concrete feelings behind the abstraction of ‘ shock ’ have to do , not with newly existent beings whom one does n't know , but with existing people in one 's life — partners , family , etc .
for others who went through distress , over and over again the concrete feelings behind the abstraction of ‘ shock ’ have to do , not with newly existent beings whom one does n't know , but with [being] people in one 's life — partners , family , etc .

Mrs Jones felt that the slow progress of the assessment and the limited information she received created new problems instead of resolving existing ones : ‘ It introduces so much trauma — you 're getting all the criticism all the time but you 're not getting any information because it takes so long . ’
mrs jones felt that the slow progress of the assessment and the limited information she received created new problems instead of resolving [being] ones : ‘ it introduces so much trauma — you 're getting all the criticism all the time but you 're not getting any information because it takes so long . ’

My understanding is that , instead of a completely new Centre , or Stadium Court as they call it over there , a major refurbishing of the existing facility will be undertaken which will probably also include the provision of a new Grandstand or No .
my understanding is that , instead of a completely new centre , or stadium court as they call it over there , a major refurbishing of the [being] facility will be undertaken which will probably also include the provision of a new grandstand or no .

1 court within the existing grounds .
1 court within the [being] grounds .

Would greatly appreciate up-to-date assessment of existing problems and measures being taken .
would greatly appreciate up-to-date assessment of [being] problems and measures being taken .

These issues will create more or less tension depending on the attitude and skill of the head , and on the existing ethos of the staff .
these issues will create more or less tension depending on the attitude and skill of the head , and on the [being] ethos of the staff .

The first is … acceptance into and promotion within the existing structure of the school … The second goal is to make the school resemble more closely the sod of place within which the teacher would like to teach … this second goal can become of considerable importance , and in some situations of conflict it can become more important than the first .
the first is … acceptance into and promotion within the [being] structure of the school … the second goal is to make the school resemble more closely the sod of place within which the teacher would like to teach … this second goal can become of considerable importance , and in some situations of conflict it can become more important than the first .

Among those projected are galleries housing ethnographic material currently in the Museum of Mankind , including material from the Americas to be displayed in four rooms carved out of a large space at the end of the existing North Library .
among those projected are galleries housing ethnographic material currently in the museum of mankind , including material from the americas to be displayed in four rooms carved out of a large space at the end of the [being] north library .

Lanfranc 's silence about existing practices has sometimes been interpreted as a sign that the old order had fallen into complete neglect by the time he arrived at Canterbury .
lanfranc 's silence about [being] practices has sometimes been interpreted as a sign that the old order had fallen into complete neglect by the time he arrived at canterbury .

The third problem with the existing legislation is that it is confined to gold and silver only , giving archaeologists no control over accompanying objects in other materials which are often of equal archaeological importance .
the third problem with the [being] legislation is that it is confined to gold and silver only , giving archaeologists no control over accompanying objects in other materials which are often of equal archaeological importance .

His achievements are considerable : under his directorship , the museum underwent a major overhaul and improvements of its existing exhibition spaces , while adding new galleries devoted to Musical Instruments and Islamic , Egyptian , African and American Art .
his achievements are considerable : under his directorship , the museum underwent a major overhaul and improvements of its [being] exhibition spaces , while adding new galleries devoted to musical instruments and islamic , egyptian , african and american art .

The existing 100 % Custom fees will be abolished , but all those wanting to sell Russian art abroad will have to pay a varying sum to the Federal National Heritage Service for such a permission .
the [being] 100 % custom fees will be abolished , but all those wanting to sell russian art abroad will have to pay a varying sum to the federal national heritage service for such a permission .

Row upon row of Alternative Youth give the barely visible figures onstage a rousing reception just for ( virtually ) existing .
row upon row of alternative youth give the barely visible figures onstage a rousing reception just for ( virtually ) [being] .

However , the tilting process and inundation that accompanied it were so gradual that most existing forms of wildlife had ample time to escape from or adapt to the changes .
however , the tilting process and inundation that accompanied it were so gradual that most [being] forms of wildlife had ample time to escape from or adapt to the changes .

Ernest Bevin 's 1933 articles in The New Clarion , later published as My Plan for 2,000,000 Workless , argued that a new state pension of £1 per week ( single person ) and £1 15s 0d per week ( married couple ) paid at the age of 65 to all earning up to £1,000 per annum , on condition of retirement from work , would induce withdrawal from the labour market of the estimated 350,000 existing pensioners aged 65–9 working in industry .
ernest bevin 's 1933 articles in the new clarion , later published as my plan for 2,000,000 workless , argued that a new state pension of £1 per week ( single person ) and £1 15s 0d per week ( married couple ) paid at the age of 65 to all earning up to £1,000 per annum , on condition of retirement from work , would induce withdrawal from the labour market of the estimated 350,000 [being] pensioners aged 65–9 working in industry .

Thus , for example , the National Council of Social Service submitted a wide-ranging document summarizing the principal issues : the deficiencies in existing pensions coverage ( such as the continued operation of means-testing through the 1940 supplementary pensions scheme ) , the urgent need for better medical assistance for pensioners outside the Public Assistance Committee services , the lack of institutional provision , and so on .
thus , for example , the national council of social service submitted a wide-ranging document summarizing the principal issues : the deficiencies in [being] pensions coverage ( such as the continued operation of means-testing through the 1940 supplementary pensions scheme ) , the urgent need for better medical assistance for pensioners outside the public assistance committee services , the lack of institutional provision , and so on .

They receive relatively more health and social services but , under the current funding arrangements and level of provision , these services have great difficulty in meeting existing demands upon them .
they receive relatively more health and social services but , under the current funding arrangements and level of provision , these services have great difficulty in meeting [being] demands upon them .

But , says Bevan , the solution to many of the problems that lead to time-wasting — especially in regard to scrummaging — does n't lie in creating new laws , but in applying the existing ones with more vigour : ‘ There is a lot of talk about collapsed scrums and time wasting .
but , says bevan , the solution to many of the problems that lead to time-wasting — especially in regard to scrummaging — does n't lie in creating new laws , but in applying the [being] ones with more vigour : ‘ there is a lot of talk about collapsed scrums and time wasting .

Existing junior tournaments , were criticised as being protracted , with weak early round matches , inadequate club facilities and expensive catering .
[being] junior tournaments , were criticised as being protracted , with weak early round matches , inadequate club facilities and expensive catering .

Mrs Beavis was existing in an atmosphere of relative quiet , the boisterous echoes of her rumbustious family having long since died away .
mrs beavis was [being] in an atmosphere of relative quiet , the boisterous echoes of her rumbustious family having long since died away .

Designed by Danny Lane with architect Penny Richards , the existing gallery will be divided laterally by installing a glass-floored mezzanine , supported on steel columns .
designed by danny lane with architect penny richards , the [being] gallery will be divided laterally by installing a glass-floored mezzanine , supported on steel columns .

Further , the cross-fertilisation in terms of century and media is exciting and focuses existing national interest .
further , the cross-fertilisation in terms of century and media is exciting and focuses [being] national interest .

At first the station will air existing programmes , but eventually will produce its own material , with Mr Brown himself sometimes appearing on-camera .
at first the station will air [being] programmes , but eventually will produce its own material , with mr brown himself sometimes appearing on-camera .

Distinguishing between ‘ underlying ’ and ‘ derivative ’ works of art is common in other areas , says Mr Kaufman , who draws a comparison with a book , which is covered under the author 's copyright , while the film made from that book is covered under a separate copyright , because the film has been derived from an existing work of art .
distinguishing between ‘ underlying ’ and ‘ derivative ’ works of art is common in other areas , says mr kaufman , who draws a comparison with a book , which is covered under the author 's copyright , while the film made from that book is covered under a separate copyright , because the film has been derived from an [being] work of art .

One conclusion to emerge from a recent conference at which the Italians and Egyptians met was that the existing Cairo Egyptian Museum should be maintained .
one conclusion to emerge from a recent conference at which the italians and egyptians met was that the [being] cairo egyptian museum should be maintained .

However many of the existing publications deal with specific countries , limited periods or specialist subjects .
however many of the [being] publications deal with specific countries , limited periods or specialist subjects .

At Morpeth the existing tank will be removed , as it is considered fit only for scrap , although it will be offered to the National Railway Museum , for the possible use as a corridor tender display .
at morpeth the [being] tank will be removed , as it is considered fit only for scrap , although it will be offered to the national railway museum , for the possible use as a corridor tender display .

The other location is the 1831 orphanage in Edinburgh called the Dean Centre , close to the existing Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art .
the other location is the 1831 orphanage in edinburgh called the dean centre , close to the [being] scottish national gallery of modern art .

The common external tariff would be based on an average of the existing duties levied by the member states at their national borders , though with some downward adjustment .
the common external tariff would be based on an average of the [being] duties levied by the member states at their national borders , though with some downward adjustment .

America , having no domestic jet development programme to match either of these two aircraft , was struggling just to keep up with large French and British orders of existing fighters and light bombers let alone worry about ‘ jets ’ .
america , having no domestic jet development programme to match either of these two aircraft , was struggling just to keep up with large french and british orders of [being] fighters and light bombers let alone worry about ‘ jets ’ .

By adopting an open-ended scale , no downgrading of existing climbs should be necessary .
by adopting an open-ended scale , no downgrading of [being] climbs should be necessary .

There are only so many ways to describe a pitch and there is very little need to alter descriptions if the existing ones work perfectly well , thus cutting down on the number of major rewrites required .
there are only so many ways to describe a pitch and there is very little need to alter descriptions if the [being] ones work perfectly well , thus cutting down on the number of major rewrites required .

Another advance is to have writers working on each volume much sooner before the existing one sells out : hence work has already started on Tremadog , Gogarth , Cloggy and even Lliwedd .
another advance is to have writers working on each volume much sooner before the [being] one sells out : hence work has already started on tremadog , gogarth , cloggy and even lliwedd .

The tasks throughout each book put the theory into context , and enable the reader to relate the text to their own existing knowledge and teaching situations .
the tasks throughout each book put the theory into context , and enable the reader to relate the text to their own [being] knowledge and teaching situations .

This encourages learners to build on their existing knowledge of their mother tongue to try and predict the codes of another language through analysis , comparison , and hypothesis .
this encourages learners to build on their [being] knowledge of their mother tongue to try and predict the codes of another language through analysis , comparison , and hypothesis .

Students are encouraged to build on their existing knowledge of their mother tongue to try and predict the codes of another language .
students are encouraged to build on their [being] knowledge of their mother tongue to try and predict the codes of another language .

These offer the variety and flexibility essential for teachers wanting to supplement an existing programme or to develop a programme of their own .
these offer the variety and flexibility essential for teachers wanting to supplement an [being] programme or to develop a programme of their own .

The related evangelical image of humanity as one ‘ great family ’ similarly incorporated the imperative of proper order within local and national communities , though it was far from meaning that the existing pattern of society was left untouched .
the related evangelical image of humanity as one ‘ great family ’ similarly incorporated the imperative of proper order within local and national communities , though it was far from meaning that the [being] pattern of society was left untouched .

But abolitionists also had to face powerful arguments formulated by slave trading interests in terms of the national interest of the commerce by the mercantilist criteria which underpinned much existing commercial legislation .
but abolitionists also had to face powerful arguments formulated by slave trading interests in terms of the national interest of the commerce by the mercantilist criteria which underpinned much [being] commercial legislation .

They believed the existing system worked to the enrichment of only a small number ; national benefit could be derived from legitimate commerce with a fertile Africa only if the slave trade did not create misleadingly attractive alternatives .
they believed the [being] system worked to the enrichment of only a small number ; national benefit could be derived from legitimate commerce with a fertile africa only if the slave trade did not create misleadingly attractive alternatives .

Buxton proclaimed himself an ‘ enthusiast ’ and in theory wanted existing slaves freed too .
buxton proclaimed himself an ‘ enthusiast ’ and in theory wanted [being] slaves freed too .

Existing slaves would have to be carefully prepared for liberation .
[being] slaves would have to be carefully prepared for liberation .

’ It was subscriptions from Friends through the Committee for Sufferings which contributed substantially to funding propaganda efforts in Europe in the 1820s and 1830s including the translation of existing materials into various languages and the production of new items for European readers .
’ it was subscriptions from friends through the committee for sufferings which contributed substantially to funding propaganda efforts in europe in the 1820s and 1830s including the translation of [being] materials into various languages and the production of new items for european readers .

It is clear from Clarkson 's History that in the early years of the anti-slave trade agitation local organisations were established through existing religious networks ( an example would be the Quaker Lloyds in Birmingham ) or contact by Clarkson or others with a small group of prominent individuals who already had an interest in the issue .
it is clear from clarkson 's history that in the early years of the anti-slave trade agitation local organisations were established through [being] religious networks ( an example would be the quaker lloyds in birmingham ) or contact by clarkson or others with a small group of prominent individuals who already had an interest in the issue .

But the question whether a particular thing exists in reality is a factual one , which can not be settled simply by defining it as necessarily existing .
but the question whether a particular thing exists in reality is a factual one , which can not be settled simply by defining it as necessarily [being] .

The existing policy is one of seeking abortion on demand , up to the point of birth and without legal or medical restriction .
the [being] policy is one of seeking abortion on demand , up to the point of birth and without legal or medical restriction .

It is also clear that the renewal and extension of the non-proliferation treaty , hopefully leading in due course to a comprehensive test-ban treaty , depends crucially on the actions of the existing nuclear weapons states . ’
it is also clear that the renewal and extension of the non-proliferation treaty , hopefully leading in due course to a comprehensive test-ban treaty , depends crucially on the actions of the [being] nuclear weapons states . ’

The Exhibitors Film Exchange found the theme , which has the heiress played by Charlotte Walker learning ‘ what life is and what are the actual conditions under which many of her fellow human beings live ’ , plausible and summed up the photoplay as a ‘ strong arraignment of existing working conditions in certain localities ’ .
the exhibitors film exchange found the theme , which has the heiress played by charlotte walker learning ‘ what life is and what are the actual conditions under which many of her fellow human beings live ’ , plausible and summed up the photoplay as a ‘ strong arraignment of [being] working conditions in certain localities ’ .

In the recounting of this story , several objects are referred to for which most sign languages do not have already existing signs .
in the recounting of this story , several objects are referred to for which most sign languages do not have already [being] signs .

The knowledge is adaptive when it can be fitted into an already existing framework within the individual but allows an extension of his capabilities .
the knowledge is adaptive when it can be fitted into an already [being] framework within the individual but allows an extension of his capabilities .

This same attitude is shown in existing interpreter assessment procedures ; for example , that used by the American Registry of interpreters for the Deaf , where sign language is split into articulatory features such as clear fingerspelling , lip movement and appropriate facial expression , for scoring .
this same attitude is shown in [being] interpreter assessment procedures ; for example , that used by the american registry of interpreters for the deaf , where sign language is split into articulatory features such as clear fingerspelling , lip movement and appropriate facial expression , for scoring .

Over the years various attempts will have been made to insulate houses like these , but these are unlikely to match modern standards , and it will pay you to check out your existing level of insulation , with a view to improving it for the future .
over the years various attempts will have been made to insulate houses like these , but these are unlikely to match modern standards , and it will pay you to check out your [being] level of insulation , with a view to improving it for the future .

Sealed units for installation into existing frames ( around £25 per sq m ) .
sealed units for installation into [being] frames ( around £25 per sq m ) .

Making improvements to existing , uninsulated , timber or concrete floors is likely to be highly disruptive and prohibitively expensive , and is best done as part of a major renovation programme .
making improvements to [being] , uninsulated , timber or concrete floors is likely to be highly disruptive and prohibitively expensive , and is best done as part of a major renovation programme .

If you have solid floors , the simplest method is to lay rigid polystyrene sheet over the existing floor surface and top it with a layer of flooring-grade chipboard .
if you have solid floors , the simplest method is to lay rigid polystyrene sheet over the [being] floor surface and top it with a layer of flooring-grade chipboard .

On the sunroom walls , chalking off the existing paint calls for a stabilising solution .
on the sunroom walls , chalking off the [being] paint calls for a stabilising solution .

Remove all door furniture , and where the existing paint is in reasonable condition , apply exterior undercoat and high gloss .
remove all door furniture , and where the [being] paint is in reasonable condition , apply exterior undercoat and high gloss .

They are laid over the existing floor surface ; most are tongued-and-grooved , so only occasional mailing or clipping is required to hold them in place .
they are laid over the [being] floor surface ; most are tongued-and-grooved , so only occasional mailing or clipping is required to hold them in place .

If you are driving them near known pipe or cable runs , take care not to pierce them ; it 's best to drive the new nails as close to existing nail positions as possible for safety .
if you are driving them near known pipe or cable runs , take care not to pierce them ; it 's best to drive the new nails as close to [being] nail positions as possible for safety .

Laying hardboard : Covering the existing boards with a hardboard underlay is an alternative to floor sanding , which leaves a smooth , flat surface , ideal for thin sheet floorcoverings .
laying hardboard : covering the [being] boards with a hardboard underlay is an alternative to floor sanding , which leaves a smooth , flat surface , ideal for thin sheet floorcoverings .

If you are replacing a few boards in an existing floor , and have brought them from a timber yard , do n't come home and fit the boards straight away .
if you are replacing a few boards in an [being] floor , and have brought them from a timber yard , do n't come home and fit the boards straight away .

Because of the circumstances under which most replacement gutters are fitted , however , they may not join up as beautifully as you 'd like , which may mean that they need more regular cleaning — but do n't rush to criticise your builder — it probably was n't his fault if he had to join up to existing work .
because of the circumstances under which most replacement gutters are fitted , however , they may not join up as beautifully as you 'd like , which may mean that they need more regular cleaning — but do n't rush to criticise your builder — it probably was n't his fault if he had to join up to [being] work .

Science emerged later as a branch of education and its assimilation into the existing institutions and structures was not achieved without some noticeable exercises of accommodation .
science emerged later as a branch of education and its assimilation into the [being] institutions and structures was not achieved without some noticeable exercises of accommodation .

’ Is it adequate to see it as an accommodation to existing educational structures , as Layton does ?
’ is it adequate to see it as an accommodation to [being] educational structures , as layton does ?

After surveying the general scene it is useful to look at existing differences between educators about each of the four main activities .
after surveying the general scene it is useful to look at [being] differences between educators about each of the four main activities .

In the case of the Mathematical Association , many of the older school-based members will have constructed their careers in terms of existing definitions of school mathematics and [ … ] will have had an interest , all other things being equal , in resisting changes which might be seen as leading to the relative devaluation of their ‘ knowledge ’ .
in the case of the mathematical association , many of the older school-based members will have constructed their careers in terms of [being] definitions of school mathematics and [ … ] will have had an interest , all other things being equal , in resisting changes which might be seen as leading to the relative devaluation of their ‘ knowledge ’ .

What is required in history , if girls are to have equal opportunity with boys in school , is both a full investigation and exposure of women 's past — recorded and documented in special women 's history books — plus an integration of women and their contribution to history within existing accounts .
what is required in history , if girls are to have equal opportunity with boys in school , is both a full investigation and exposure of women 's past — recorded and documented in special women 's history books — plus an integration of women and their contribution to history within [being] accounts .

Although much of the racism that black job-seekers experience is of a direct and overt kind , it is important to recognize that a variety of indirect forms of discrimination also operates against black people in the search for employment , ranging from common employers ' practices like recruiting relatives and children of existing workers to the operation of particular conceptions of the ‘ good ’ worker which militate against the employment of workers thought to be different in manner or appearance ( Lee and Wrench , 1983 ; Blackburn and Mann , 1979 ; Jenkins , 1986 ) .
although much of the racism that black job-seekers experience is of a direct and overt kind , it is important to recognize that a variety of indirect forms of discrimination also operates against black people in the search for employment , ranging from common employers ' practices like recruiting relatives and children of [being] workers to the operation of particular conceptions of the ‘ good ’ worker which militate against the employment of workers thought to be different in manner or appearance ( lee and wrench , 1983 ; blackburn and mann , 1979 ; jenkins , 1986 ) .

This was especially true when young people were compared to up-graded existing employees , those recruited from other firms or women returning to work .
this was especially true when young people were compared to up-graded [being] employees , those recruited from other firms or women returning to work .

Political campaigns have been organized to preserve existing single sex schools when under the threat of closure .
political campaigns have been organized to preserve [being] single sex schools when under the threat of closure .

The changing labour market and economic structures therefore allow a certain ‘ space ’ for gender reforms even within an overall operation which reinforces existing patterns .
the changing labour market and economic structures therefore allow a certain ‘ space ’ for gender reforms even within an overall operation which reinforces [being] patterns .

However , in order to make meaningful comparisons more is needed than merely comparative information , since within any field of study theory is necessary both to provide a framework for the systematic analysis and accumulation of the existing stock of knowledge and to serve as a guide for the selection of research problems .
however , in order to make meaningful comparisons more is needed than merely comparative information , since within any field of study theory is necessary both to provide a framework for the systematic analysis and accumulation of the [being] stock of knowledge and to serve as a guide for the selection of research problems .

Whatever the ultimate objectives , the fact remains that a good deal of the existing work within the comparative industrial relations field , although often rich and insightful , has not so far been explicitly theoretical in either its purpose or method ( Shalev , 1980a ) .
whatever the ultimate objectives , the fact remains that a good deal of the [being] work within the comparative industrial relations field , although often rich and insightful , has not so far been explicitly theoretical in either its purpose or method ( shalev , 1980a ) .

essentially trade-conscious , rather than class-conscious … It aims chiefly at more , here and now , for the organised workers of the craft or industry [ and ] accepts as inevitable , if not as just , the existing capitalistic organisation and the wage system … It regards unionism mainly as a bargaining institution and seeks its ends chiefly through collective bargaining .
essentially trade-conscious , rather than class-conscious … it aims chiefly at more , here and now , for the organised workers of the craft or industry [ and ] accepts as inevitable , if not as just , the [being] capitalistic organisation and the wage system … it regards unionism mainly as a bargaining institution and seeks its ends chiefly through collective bargaining .

They retained their existing , geographically-based , local structures but supplemented them with official plant-based groupings , and union plant representatives became recognised .
they retained their [being] , geographically-based , local structures but supplemented them with official plant-based groupings , and union plant representatives became recognised .

They retained their existing , geographically-based , local structures but supplemented them with official plant-based groupings , and union plant representatives became recognised .
they retained their [being] , geographically-based , local structures but supplemented them with official plant-based groupings , and union plant representatives became recognised .

In Britain once employers ' federations had been established , albeit often in response to trade union expansion and activity , they then proceeded to assume the initiative by redesigning the existing system of industrial relations to their own wishes .
in britain once employers ' federations had been established , albeit often in response to trade union expansion and activity , they then proceeded to assume the initiative by redesigning the [being] system of industrial relations to their own wishes .

The post-Reformation additions to existing churches were also Gothic , with one notable exception — the Renaissance-style porch added to St Nicholas church at Sunningwell in Berkshire in 1562 .
the post-reformation additions to [being] churches were also gothic , with one notable exception — the renaissance-style porch added to st nicholas church at sunningwell in berkshire in 1562 .

Prior to the introduction of these purpose-built auditory churches , existing Gothic church interiors were adapted for Protestant use by the cheapest and most convenient means possible .
prior to the introduction of these purpose-built auditory churches , [being] gothic church interiors were adapted for protestant use by the cheapest and most convenient means possible .

By the Submission of the Clergy of 1532 , convocation surrendered its position as an independent legislative body for the church , and agreed both that all existing canons should be reviewed by a royal commission composed of both lay and clerical members and that in the future ecclesiastical laws would be subject to royal assent .
by the submission of the clergy of 1532 , convocation surrendered its position as an independent legislative body for the church , and agreed both that all [being] canons should be reviewed by a royal commission composed of both lay and clerical members and that in the future ecclesiastical laws would be subject to royal assent .

Basically a simple intercom system which directly replaces an existing door bell system , the inside and outside units can be installed from 3 to 50m apart , using two core-bell wire to connect them .
basically a simple intercom system which directly replaces an [being] door bell system , the inside and outside units can be installed from 3 to 50m apart , using two core-bell wire to connect them .

Things may not be as bad as they seem , and some thorough maintenance work may give your existing windows a new lease of life and save you a lot of money .
things may not be as bad as they seem , and some thorough maintenance work may give your [being] windows a new lease of life and save you a lot of money .

By restoring your existing windows , you wo n't have to worry about the effect that changing your window style will have on the look of your house .
by restoring your [being] windows , you wo n't have to worry about the effect that changing your window style will have on the look of your house .

If you really ca n't save your existing windows , then wholesale replacement is the only alternative .
if you really ca n't save your [being] windows , then wholesale replacement is the only alternative .

This is the cheaper option , but it may leave you stuck with single glazing and a recurrence of your existing maintenance problems in a few years time .
this is the cheaper option , but it may leave you stuck with single glazing and a recurrence of your [being] maintenance problems in a few years time .

The second layer can be added as a separate , usually movable , pane inside your existing window ( known as secondary glazing ) , or can be provided by fitting a twin-wall sealed glazing unit in place of the usual single pane .
the second layer can be added as a separate , usually movable , pane inside your [being] window ( known as secondary glazing ) , or can be provided by fitting a twin-wall sealed glazing unit in place of the usual single pane .

They usually incorporate internal steel members for extra strength , and because of the relatively large cross-section of the various stiles and rails , they make an appropriate replacement for many existing timber windows .
they usually incorporate internal steel members for extra strength , and because of the relatively large cross-section of the various stiles and rails , they make an appropriate replacement for many [being] timber windows .

You can also get double-glazed vertical sliding sashes , so matching the style of your existing windows should not be a problem .
you can also get double-glazed vertical sliding sashes , so matching the style of your [being] windows should not be a problem .

There are several simple repairs you can carry out to keep your existing windows in good working order , and so save yourself a massive bill for replacements for at least another year or so .
there are several simple repairs you can carry out to keep your [being] windows in good working order , and so save yourself a massive bill for replacements for at least another year or so .

Ceauşescu knew Lenin 's dictum , ‘ trust is good but control is better ’ , and ordered the Securitate to send in new informers and to recruit more from among the existing workforce as well .
ceauşescu knew lenin 's dictum , ‘ trust is good but control is better ’ , and ordered the securitate to send in new informers and to recruit more from among the [being] workforce as well .

The planners tried to devise one which would do the least damage to the existing street pattern .
the planners tried to devise one which would do the least damage to the [being] street pattern .

If the existing layout of the city contradicted the logic of the new centre , then the rest of the city would have to be changed to bring it into conformity .
if the [being] layout of the city contradicted the logic of the new centre , then the rest of the city would have to be changed to bring it into conformity .

The rationale behind the scheme was that by ‘ liberating ’ land for agricultural purposes through the relocation of the population into sensibly ordered accommodation , instead of their existing traditional homes , more surface would be available to grow crops or to graze animals .
the rationale behind the scheme was that by ‘ liberating ’ land for agricultural purposes through the relocation of the population into sensibly ordered accommodation , instead of their [being] traditional homes , more surface would be available to grow crops or to graze animals .

Ceauşescu 's obsession with numbers ought to have been satisfied by the overmanning which already existed in Romanian industry which could not really provide productive employment for the existing population .
ceauşescu 's obsession with numbers ought to have been satisfied by the overmanning which already existed in romanian industry which could not really provide productive employment for the [being] population .

the development of new study skills to access and to make best use of such materials , and the reinforcement of existing skills in new contexts .
the development of new study skills to access and to make best use of such materials , and the reinforcement of [being] skills in new contexts .

As religion had been banned there were no existing laws regulating it .
as religion had been banned there were no [being] laws regulating it .

If the bill were to be passed as it now stands it would result in the restriction , and even removal , of presently existing freedoms for evangelistic work .
if the bill were to be passed as it now stands it would result in the restriction , and even removal , of presently [being] freedoms for evangelistic work .

Insofar as is possible in accordance with our statement of belief , to work with existing statutory bodies and charitable organisations in the achievement of the above objectives .
insofar as is possible in accordance with our statement of belief , to work with [being] statutory bodies and charitable organisations in the achievement of the above objectives .

The Director General of Fair Trading 's existing powers should be sufficient to prevent that happening here .
the director general of fair trading 's [being] powers should be sufficient to prevent that happening here .

As existing insurance institutions might not be keen to underwrite such a scheme without expecting their own profit from it , we think that the credit institutions themselves should explore the possibility of joining together to back a mutual non-profit credit insurance fund .
as [being] insurance institutions might not be keen to underwrite such a scheme without expecting their own profit from it , we think that the credit institutions themselves should explore the possibility of joining together to back a mutual non-profit credit insurance fund .

They said that 90 to 95 per cent of their business is with previous customers , and that most of their new business is with people strongly recommended by existing customers .
they said that 90 to 95 per cent of their business is with previous customers , and that most of their new business is with people strongly recommended by [being] customers .

The Payment of Wages Act allows employers to make it a condition of employment that new employees should be paid through a bank , but prohibits them from doing this with existing employees ( though of course individual existing employees can agree voluntarily to accept bank-account payment ) .
the payment of wages act allows employers to make it a condition of employment that new employees should be paid through a bank , but prohibits them from doing this with [being] employees ( though of course individual [being] employees can agree voluntarily to accept bank-account payment ) .

This would preserve people 's ability to take payment method into account when choosing their jobs , and maintain the present guarantee for existing workers that their payment method can not be changed against their will .
this would preserve people 's ability to take payment method into account when choosing their jobs , and maintain the present guarantee for [being] workers that their payment method can not be changed against their will .

The way that weekly credit callers can encourage existing customers to borrow again , and the results of this , were discussed in a previous section .
the way that weekly credit callers can encourage [being] customers to borrow again , and the results of this , were discussed in a previous section .

and readily extending some existing credit arrangement .
and readily extending some [being] credit arrangement .

Plasterboard is easiest for giving a neat finish , as a skim coat will mask the join between board and existing plaster .
plasterboard is easiest for giving a neat finish , as a skim coat will mask the join between board and [being] plaster .

Above : An unusual ‘ porthole ’ feature window is included in the selection of archway kits from Oakhill . Made up of solid pine architrave sections , inner plywood lengths which form the soffit , and supporting cross-members ( left ) , they can be varnished to match existing skirting boards etc , ( below )
above : an unusual ‘ porthole ’ feature window is included in the selection of archway kits from oakhill . made up of solid pine architrave sections , inner plywood lengths which form the soffit , and supporting cross-members ( left ) , they can be varnished to match [being] skirting boards etc , ( below )

Fixing a metal mesh kit into an existing opening entails cutting away the plaster so that the expanded metal mesh can be nailed to the brickwork using masonry nails .
fixing a metal mesh kit into an [being] opening entails cutting away the plaster so that the expanded metal mesh can be nailed to the brickwork using masonry nails .

They are fixed to the top of the existing uprights .
they are fixed to the top of the [being] uprights .

In most rooms you can add to what you have by the addition of a spur , connected to the existing ring circuit .
in most rooms you can add to what you have by the addition of a spur , connected to the [being] ring circuit .

The simplest way or wiring is to link in to an existing socket , but the alternative is to connect direct into the ring circuit cable using a three-dimensional junction box . The cable is cut and wired into the box , then the spur taken from the three terminals
the simplest way or wiring is to link in to an [being] socket , but the alternative is to connect direct into the ring circuit cable using a three-dimensional junction box . the cable is cut and wired into the box , then the spur taken from the three terminals

Installing a new heating system , or updating an existing one ? Trying to get the best out of a collection of individual heating appliances , or save money by installing new controls on a central heating system ? We look at the options available , and solve some common heating problems .
installing a new heating system , or updating an [being] one ? trying to get the best out of a collection of individual heating appliances , or save money by installing new controls on a central heating system ? we look at the options available , and solve some common heating problems .

Whether you 'd like to improve your existing bathroom or install a completely new one , careful planning is the key to creating an attractive and comfortable room .
whether you 'd like to improve your [being] bathroom or install a completely new one , careful planning is the key to creating an attractive and comfortable room .

Or , if you like to spend a long time in the tub , you might like a wider one , which may well fit into the existing space .
or , if you like to spend a long time in the tub , you might like a wider one , which may well fit into the [being] space .

If you think your existing locks are adequate , you need n't read any further .
if you think your [being] locks are adequate , you need n't read any further .

Fit a five-lever mortise lock to the back door , or supplement the existing lock with a mortise deadlock .
fit a five-lever mortise lock to the back door , or supplement the [being] lock with a mortise deadlock .

When the plasterboard has been nailed in place , the plaster will have to be built up in stages to finish flush with the existing surface .
when the plasterboard has been nailed in place , the plaster will have to be built up in stages to finish flush with the [being] surface .

Noisy filling is best cured by replacing the existing ball valve with a modern plastic type — either a diaphragm or an equilibrium/diaphragm model .
noisy filling is best cured by replacing the [being] ball valve with a modern plastic type — either a diaphragm or an equilibrium/diaphragm model .

My brother-in-law had decided to improve his existing pit , a pitiful sight indeed , resembling the remains of a Roman earth closet , and he 'd rallied round his closest relatives for some helpful muscle .
my brother-in-law had decided to improve his [being] pit , a pitiful sight indeed , resembling the remains of a roman earth closet , and he 'd rallied round his closest relatives for some helpful muscle .

Church growth thinking has been slow to come to terms with the problem of nominality within existing churches , and has consequently given the impression that mission is simply making more and more people to become like ourselves .
church growth thinking has been slow to come to terms with the problem of nominality within [being] churches , and has consequently given the impression that mission is simply making more and more people to become like ourselves .

Although the Old Testament nowhere expressly mentions the Kingdom of God , the world is represented as existing under his cosmic rule ( Pss .
although the old testament nowhere expressly mentions the kingdom of god , the world is represented as [being] under his cosmic rule ( pss .

Having drawn up our membership , attendance , financial and other relevant graphs , we can then project them forward not simply as an extension of the existing trend , but as a ‘ faith projection ’ .
having drawn up our membership , attendance , financial and other relevant graphs , we can then project them forward not simply as an extension of the [being] trend , but as a ‘ faith projection ’ .

The sad fact is that the vast majority are failing to realise their evangelistic potential , preferring to concentrate on spiritual nurture of the existing group members .
the sad fact is that the vast majority are failing to realise their evangelistic potential , preferring to concentrate on spiritual nurture of the [being] group members .

First of all , the guests will search for existing connections , such as people and places they know in common , or films they have seen , and establish a network that way .
first of all , the guests will search for [being] connections , such as people and places they know in common , or films they have seen , and establish a network that way .

They have found that the structure of existing religion does not , on the whole , provide a direct channel for expression and turn to individual creations instead .
they have found that the structure of [being] religion does not , on the whole , provide a direct channel for expression and turn to individual creations instead .

3 owns the whole of the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in a basic version of the documentation and manuals which then accompanied the Licensed Software ( ‘ the Existing Documentation ’ ) .
3 owns the whole of the copyright and all other intellectual property rights in a basic version of the documentation and manuals which then accompanied the licensed software ( ‘ the [being] documentation ’ ) .

4 wishes to take an non-exclusive licence to use the Existing Documentation as the basis of publishing documentation to accompany both the Licensed Software and the Student Disks as described in Part 3 of Schedule 1 to this Agreement ( ‘ the Accompanying Documentation ’ ) .
4 wishes to take an non-exclusive licence to use the [being] documentation as the basis of publishing documentation to accompany both the licensed software and the student disks as described in part 3 of schedule 1 to this agreement ( ‘ the accompanying documentation ’ ) .

1.1.3 a non-exclusive licence during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals ) to use the Existing Documentation for the purpose of creating the Accompanying Documentation in such languages as deems appropriate , and publishing , marketing , distributing , licensing and selling the Accompanying Documentation in the Agreed Territories ;
1.1.3 a non-exclusive licence during the legal term of copyright ( including any renewals ) to use the [being] documentation for the purpose of creating the accompanying documentation in such languages as deems appropriate , and publishing , marketing , distributing , licensing and selling the accompanying documentation in the agreed territories ;

19.1 This Agreement supersedes any arrangements , understandings , promises or agreements made or existing between the Parties hereto prior to or simultaneously with this Agreement and constitutes the entire understanding between the Parties hereto .
19.1 this agreement supersedes any arrangements , understandings , promises or agreements made or [being] between the parties hereto prior to or simultaneously with this agreement and constitutes the entire understanding between the parties hereto .

The existing copyright notice shall remain and in no circumstances may the Distributor change , add , take away or otherwise tamper with the videos unless by prior negotiation and written agreement .
the [being] copyright notice shall remain and in no circumstances may the distributor change , add , take away or otherwise tamper with the videos unless by prior negotiation and written agreement .

The existing copyright notice shall remain and in no circumstances may the Distributor change , add , take away or otherwise tamper with the videos unless by prior negotiation and written agreement .
the [being] copyright notice shall remain and in no circumstances may the distributor change , add , take away or otherwise tamper with the videos unless by prior negotiation and written agreement .

Any existing artwork already and previously commissioned by the Proprietor shall be made available to the Publisher at no further cost .
any [being] artwork already and previously commissioned by the proprietor shall be made available to the publisher at no further cost .

11.3 At the end of the Term of this Agreement , may continue for an additional period of six ( 6 ) months to complete orders and sell off its existing stocks of the Licensed Products and will pay to all royalties attributable to such sales in accordance with clauses 5 and 6 .
11.3 at the end of the term of this agreement , may continue for an additional period of six ( 6 ) months to complete orders and sell off its [being] stocks of the licensed products and will pay to all royalties attributable to such sales in accordance with clauses 5 and 6 .

1.3 ‘ Net receipts ’ means payments due and actually paid and received by the Publisher arising from the sale or exploitation of the Video and converted into sterling at the current rate of exchange existing at the date of receipt in the United Kingdom
1.3 ‘ net receipts ’ means payments due and actually paid and received by the publisher arising from the sale or exploitation of the video and converted into sterling at the current rate of exchange [being] at the date of receipt in the united kingdom

1.3 ‘ Net receipts ’ means payments due and actually paid and received by the Publisher arising from the sale or exploitation of the Video and converted into sterling at the current rate of exchange existing at the date of receipt in the United Kingdom
1.3 ‘ net receipts ’ means payments due and actually paid and received by the publisher arising from the sale or exploitation of the video and converted into sterling at the current rate of exchange [being] at the date of receipt in the united kingdom

in so far as Cooperation is fundamentally opposed to the existing economic basis of society , this meeting of Stratford Cooperators consider it desirable , in order to fully organise and obtain the best results from their political acts , that the advisory committee be instructed to enter into negotiations and act in conjunction with the Trades Council and Labour Representation Committees in the area covered by this Society 's operations .
in so far as cooperation is fundamentally opposed to the [being] economic basis of society , this meeting of stratford cooperators consider it desirable , in order to fully organise and obtain the best results from their political acts , that the advisory committee be instructed to enter into negotiations and act in conjunction with the trades council and labour representation committees in the area covered by this society 's operations .

Efforts in West Ham were directed to extending existing meagre facilities , most of which were charitable and voluntary , by enlisting the active support of the Public Health Committee .
efforts in west ham were directed to extending [being] meagre facilities , most of which were charitable and voluntary , by enlisting the active support of the public health committee .

Elites which wish to manage the dilemma — they can not transcend it — must learn how to play off the various sub-organizations against one another , how to trigger particular programmes within the sub-organizations , repertoires ( Allison , 1971 , p. 87 ) and how to trigger existing routines in a new context .
elites which wish to manage the dilemma — they can not transcend it — must learn how to play off the various sub-organizations against one another , how to trigger particular programmes within the sub-organizations , repertoires ( allison , 1971 , p. 87 ) and how to trigger [being] routines in a new context .

The democratic elitist machine model takes Weber 's proposition that state bureaucracies can be subordinated to governing elites as an accurate description of existing liberal democracies ( page , 1985 ) .
the democratic elitist machine model takes weber 's proposition that state bureaucracies can be subordinated to governing elites as an accurate description of [being] liberal democracies ( page , 1985 ) .

It can occur because one of the major political parties is dedicated to transforming society very rapidly , in a fashion which threatens the existing internal social order and external international relations .
it can occur because one of the major political parties is dedicated to transforming society very rapidly , in a fashion which threatens the [being] internal social order and external international relations .

The central conflict is always between the push for the productive forces ( a society 's technology ) to develop further while the property relations enforced by the existing dominant class in their own interests obstruct this progress .
the central conflict is always between the push for the productive forces ( a society 's technology ) to develop further while the property relations enforced by the [being] dominant class in their own interests obstruct this progress .

When these conflicts reach a crisis point , existing dominant groups always fight to maintain the anachronistic form of social organization .
when these conflicts reach a crisis point , [being] dominant groups always fight to maintain the anachronistic form of social organization .

But for Marx and Engels the ever-growing army of industrial workers , devoid of property , crammed in great numbers into factory towns , and working in wretched poverty were an altogether new revolutionary class , a ‘ proletariat ’ with absolutely no stake in maintaining the existing society .
but for marx and engels the ever-growing army of industrial workers , devoid of property , crammed in great numbers into factory towns , and working in wretched poverty were an altogether new revolutionary class , a ‘ proletariat ’ with absolutely no stake in maintaining the [being] society .

The origins of Stalinism were partly prefigured in Lenin 's 1917 book , State and Revolution , which insisted that on taking power a socialist party could simply smash the existing state apparatus .
the origins of stalinism were partly prefigured in lenin 's 1917 book , state and revolution , which insisted that on taking power a socialist party could simply smash the [being] state apparatus .

Under capitalist liberal democracies such freedom is unrealizable , and justifies a total rejection of the mores of existing society .
under capitalist liberal democracies such freedom is unrealizable , and justifies a total rejection of the mores of [being] society .

Third , Marxists emphasize the production of a ‘ dominant ideology ’ : a set of ideas about political and social questions which privileges capitalist interests and insulates the status quo from criticism by making existing social arrangements appear ‘ natural ’ or inevitable .
third , marxists emphasize the production of a ‘ dominant ideology ’ : a set of ideas about political and social questions which privileges capitalist interests and insulates the status quo from criticism by making [being] social arrangements appear ‘ natural ’ or inevitable .

It was seen as necessary to increase police powers to ban and control demonstrations and marches and to remove ambiguities in the existing law .
it was seen as necessary to increase police powers to ban and control demonstrations and marches and to remove ambiguities in the [being] law .

Existing case law in Beatty v. Gilbanks ( 1882 ) and Wise v. Dunning ( 1901 ) left it unclear whether fascist demonstrations could be construed as a genuine attempt to convert people to a point of view or to provoke by insult .
[being] case law in beatty v. gilbanks ( 1882 ) and wise v. dunning ( 1901 ) left it unclear whether fascist demonstrations could be construed as a genuine attempt to convert people to a point of view or to provoke by insult .

Additions to the existing law which attacked the symptoms rather than the cause were useful : if the police were given the power to prohibit processions and meetings , to outlaw paramilitary defence corps and to ban political uniforms this would no doubt help , but suppression of fascist anti-semitism would be the best solution .
additions to the [being] law which attacked the symptoms rather than the cause were useful : if the police were given the power to prohibit processions and meetings , to outlaw paramilitary defence corps and to ban political uniforms this would no doubt help , but suppression of fascist anti-semitism would be the best solution .

The venture will provide analysis of existing deposits and do interpretation of data from potential new fields .
the venture will provide analysis of [being] deposits and do interpretation of data from potential new fields .

Thus magic was a crutch to which men turned when their technical expertise failed them , myth provided a justification or ‘ charter ’ for existing social and political activities , and ritual offered comfort in time of distress and despair .
thus magic was a crutch to which men turned when their technical expertise failed them , myth provided a justification or ‘ charter ’ for [being] social and political activities , and ritual offered comfort in time of distress and despair .

Their primary purpose is the conservative one of helping to sustain and maintain the existing order of things .
their primary purpose is the conservative one of helping to sustain and maintain the [being] order of things .

Sometimes the accusers are not diehard reactionaries defending the existing order , but radical innovators seeking to change it .
sometimes the accusers are not diehard reactionaries defending the [being] order , but radical innovators seeking to change it .

Consequently what does not fit neatly into existing experience is anomalous and apt to seem mystically dangerous .
consequently what does not fit neatly into [being] experience is anomalous and apt to seem mystically dangerous .

However , if our policies once allow for the possibility of the human race existing for ever , or into the indefinite future , one can take average happiness over all future time as the effective goal , even from the totalistic point of view , since the contribution to quantity of happiness from population size will anyway be maximal .
however , if our policies once allow for the possibility of the human race [being] for ever , or into the indefinite future , one can take average happiness over all future time as the effective goal , even from the totalistic point of view , since the contribution to quantity of happiness from population size will anyway be maximal .

The idea is that properties of an object , such as the shape and colour of a thing , could , in principle , exist on their own ( ’ in time ' — as opposed to in some more Platonic way ) apart from anything else , whereas good does not have the same possibility of existing as an independent object .
the idea is that properties of an object , such as the shape and colour of a thing , could , in principle , exist on their own ( ’ in time ' — as opposed to in some more platonic way ) apart from anything else , whereas good does not have the same possibility of [being] as an independent object .

For he distinguishes natural objects and properties — components of physical nature and the minds of organisms existing in it — from some present allegedly only in metaphysical realms postulated by certain philosophers .
for he distinguishes natural objects and properties — components of physical nature and the minds of organisms [being] in it — from some present allegedly only in metaphysical realms postulated by certain philosophers .

In that case the reason the whole has a value other than the sum of the values of its parts , considered as capable of existing unaltered in other wholes , may be that it is a radical mistake to think of them as capable of so doing .
in that case the reason the whole has a value other than the sum of the values of its parts , considered as capable of [being] unaltered in other wholes , may be that it is a radical mistake to think of them as capable of so doing .

Does it really make sense to conceive of a tutorial existing in isolation ?
does it really make sense to conceive of a tutorial [being] in isolation ?

The truth is , surely , that we can form no reasonable conception of anything called education existing on its own with the kind of value we may like to ascribe to education in the real world .
the truth is , surely , that we can form no reasonable conception of anything called education [being] on its own with the kind of value we may like to ascribe to education in the real world .

In contrast , the more experiences and activities are such that we find it hard to make sense of them existing or occurring in isolation , the more difficult it will be , on Moore 's principles , to find anything of real inherent value in them .
in contrast , the more experiences and activities are such that we find it hard to make sense of them [being] or occurring in isolation , the more difficult it will be , on moore 's principles , to find anything of real inherent value in them .

For it might be argued that nothing smaller can be imagined existing in isolation .
for it might be argued that nothing smaller can be imagined [being] in isolation .

And we may well agree that there is little else that one can imagine existing alone and being of any great value .
and we may well agree that there is little else that one can imagine [being] alone and being of any great value .

For what we should be doing is taking a bit of the real world and imagining it existing while the rest is blocked off , and the activities of a postman in the real world involve this sort of belief .
for what we should be doing is taking a bit of the real world and imagining it [being] while the rest is blocked off , and the activities of a postman in the real world involve this sort of belief .

But is there anything which can be imagined as existing in isolation and as possessing great value in such a case ? Well , if anything can , it seems to be Moore 's two great goods .
but is there anything which can be imagined as [being] in isolation and as possessing great value in such a case ? well , if anything can , it seems to be moore 's two great goods .

Or one can imagine an experience of beautiful music existing in a void .
or one can imagine an experience of beautiful music [being] in a void .

One can imagine two people enjoying themselves affectionately together , and nothing else existing except the barest background to physical existence .
one can imagine two people enjoying themselves affectionately together , and nothing else [being] except the barest background to physical existence .

He notes that Mackie compares values to colours , and describes both as things which are normally thought of as existing independently ( and which conceivably might have done so ) but which a reasonable scientific view of the world exhibits as not really there .
he notes that mackie compares values to colours , and describes both as things which are normally thought of as [being] independently ( and which conceivably might have done so ) but which a reasonable scientific view of the world exhibits as not really there .

Second , parents did not choose to vary their choice of schools for their children in the hypothetical voucher system in any marked way from their choices of placements under the then existing system .
second , parents did not choose to vary their choice of schools for their children in the hypothetical voucher system in any marked way from their choices of placements under the then [being] system .

only a fraction of the capital and revenue resources tied up in existing institutions can , in practice , be redirected toward the provision of district or community services .
only a fraction of the capital and revenue resources tied up in [being] institutions can , in practice , be redirected toward the provision of district or community services .

On the capital side , this meant that instead of all residential units being costed as if they would be ‘ new build ’ , twenty-five of them could be sited in existing buildings .
on the capital side , this meant that instead of all residential units being costed as if they would be ‘ new build ’ , twenty-five of them could be sited in [being] buildings .

The new tiers of membership , which become available this month , are intended to add some teeth to the X/Open 's existing system vendor , independent software vendor and user councils , described by X/Open chief technical officer Mike Lambert as pure ‘ talking shops .
the new tiers of membership , which become available this month , are intended to add some teeth to the x/open 's [being] system vendor , independent software vendor and user councils , described by x/open chief technical officer mike lambert as pure ‘ talking shops .

All that the Europeans had to do was defeat the existing ruler and proclaim that their own ruler had filled the vacant throne .
all that the europeans had to do was defeat the [being] ruler and proclaim that their own ruler had filled the vacant throne .

They were new colonies which were produced by the existing colonies , even if in no friendly spirit , and the possibility that colonies could produce new colonies was likely to make the task of the government in London even harder if it ever tried to impose a unified colonial policy .
they were new colonies which were produced by the [being] colonies , even if in no friendly spirit , and the possibility that colonies could produce new colonies was likely to make the task of the government in london even harder if it ever tried to impose a unified colonial policy .

Working out the details took time , but the United East India Company came into existence in 1709 , and combined the assets of the two existing companies , at the price of enlarging their loan to the government to £3.2m .
working out the details took time , but the united east india company came into existence in 1709 , and combined the assets of the two [being] companies , at the price of enlarging their loan to the government to £3.2m .

Mountain View , California-based , Network Computing Devices , has set up a subsidiary in Munich to support German distributor sales : it has existing operations in England and France and a joint venture in Japan .
mountain view , california-based , network computing devices , has set up a subsidiary in munich to support german distributor sales : it has [being] operations in england and france and a joint venture in japan .

For instance , the development of satellite television which necessarily decreases government control has been welcomed and there is a policy of decreasing the regulation over existing commercial television .
for instance , the development of satellite television which necessarily decreases government control has been welcomed and there is a policy of decreasing the regulation over [being] commercial television .

Certain meanings are privileged , in the sense that they are more likely interpretations , given the context of the existing social and cultural codes .
certain meanings are privileged , in the sense that they are more likely interpretations , given the context of the [being] social and cultural codes .

Companies that produce enough products to need in-house testing facilities can join a Verification Membership class which gives access to all of X/Open 's existing and emerging test soft ware .
companies that produce enough products to need in-house testing facilities can join a verification membership class which gives access to all of x/open 's [being] and emerging test soft ware .

At the high end is the new 99MHz Model 735 , offered as an enhancement to the existing 720/730 models with which it is board-upgradable .
at the high end is the new 99mhz model 735 , offered as an enhancement to the [being] 720/730 models with which it is board-upgradable .

If you get married any existing will becomes invalid unless it specifically refers to the proposed marriage .
if you get married any [being] will becomes invalid unless it specifically refers to the proposed marriage .

Walking that way enables one to photograph the trains in action without violating the railway . It is perhaps a feature which could be added to many of the existing railways in some way so that the many enthusiastic photographers can enjoy that aspect of our hobbies without some of the restrictions that are presented today ?
walking that way enables one to photograph the trains in action without violating the railway . it is perhaps a feature which could be added to many of the [being] railways in some way so that the many enthusiastic photographers can enjoy that aspect of our hobbies without some of the restrictions that are presented today ?

Shots and locations are well chosen and this feature fits well into the existing series of title on Welsh lines .
shots and locations are well chosen and this feature fits well into the [being] series of title on welsh lines .

The Welsh Highland ( 1964 ) Company warmly welcomes the proposal not least since it avoids conflict with our plans to rebuilt Northwards from our existing base in Porthmadog towards Beddgelert and Rhyd-ddu .
the welsh highland ( 1964 ) company warmly welcomes the proposal not least since it avoids conflict with our plans to rebuilt northwards from our [being] base in porthmadog towards beddgelert and rhyd-ddu .

The new Wilson ball , which has been specially developed for the Olympics , features a unique new treatment , Baygard , a fabric protector which is applied to the existing Durafelt 135 outer .
the new wilson ball , which has been specially developed for the olympics , features a unique new treatment , baygard , a fabric protector which is applied to the [being] durafelt 135 outer .

The higher profile can only result in more visitors to the existing steam railway operation , and therefore to the Bodmin area as a whole , as well as present much needed employment opportunities .
the higher profile can only result in more visitors to the [being] steam railway operation , and therefore to the bodmin area as a whole , as well as present much needed employment opportunities .

As well as a sound background in Economics and Statistics , the candidate must demonstrate an ability to communicate effectively to potential and existing clients .
as well as a sound background in economics and statistics , the candidate must demonstrate an ability to communicate effectively to potential and [being] clients .

In our busy , informal company , you would help to run our existing Regional Planning Services and assist our expansion into new areas .
in our busy , informal company , you would help to run our [being] regional planning services and assist our expansion into new areas .

• To provide strong pro-active editorial direction for an existing network of field editors .
• to provide strong pro-active editorial direction for an [being] network of field editors .

While applications are welcome from candidates in any area of applied biology , preference will be given to those who will provide strong links with existing research groups within either the Institute itself or the Department of Biology .
while applications are welcome from candidates in any area of applied biology , preference will be given to those who will provide strong links with [being] research groups within either the institute itself or the department of biology .

Existing MSc courses include Soil and Water Engineering , Irrigation Water Management , Irrigation Engineering , Rural Water Supplies , Drainage and Reclamation Engineering , Dryland Farming and Environmental Water Management .
[being] msc courses include soil and water engineering , irrigation water management , irrigation engineering , rural water supplies , drainage and reclamation engineering , dryland farming and environmental water management .

This is linked to an existing experimental programme including human studies ,
this is linked to an [being] experimental programme including human studies ,

The ideal candidate will already have industrial experience and be well acquainted with the requirements in Europe for toxicology dossiers concerning new and existing chemicals .
the ideal candidate will already have industrial experience and be well acquainted with the requirements in europe for toxicology dossiers concerning new and [being] chemicals .

‘ Due to the closeness and levels of an existing road bridge at Knowsley Street , a 1 in 25 gradient will be required for a short distance on the approach embankment to the bridge from Bury .
‘ due to the closeness and levels of an [being] road bridge at knowsley street , a 1 in 25 gradient will be required for a short distance on the approach embankment to the bridge from bury .

Bold print , clear layout of the page and adequate margin and spacing between words and letters , however , may well mean that at least in deciphering print , the pupil with sight difficulties is not having to deal with unnecessary complexities to compound existing problems .
bold print , clear layout of the page and adequate margin and spacing between words and letters , however , may well mean that at least in deciphering print , the pupil with sight difficulties is not having to deal with unnecessary complexities to compound [being] problems .

From now on , these items will be included in the existing export ban of leg irons , shackles and gang chains .
from now on , these items will be included in the [being] export ban of leg irons , shackles and gang chains .

They will join the existing squad members , Amanda Evans , Caroline Herbert and 11 year old Laura Cartwright .
they will join the [being] squad members , amanda evans , caroline herbert and 11 year old laura cartwright .

In the 1990's , we may well be heading towards the classless society so sought after and well documented of politicians , yet the Royal Berkshire Club , built within the existing framework of a society which demands ever higher standards in its leisure facilities , remains a class act in its own right .
in the 1990's , we may well be heading towards the classless society so sought after and well documented of politicians , yet the royal berkshire club , built within the [being] framework of a society which demands ever higher standards in its leisure facilities , remains a class act in its own right .

The volume of requests for advice and resource skills training addressed to existing resource centres in the late 1980s led to the formation of the Community Resource Centre Training Project .
the volume of requests for advice and resource skills training addressed to [being] resource centres in the late 1980s led to the formation of the community resource centre training project .

Begin by removing the existing collar , and place the chain over the head in such a way that it will slacken off when the pressure on the attached leash is slackened .
begin by removing the [being] collar , and place the chain over the head in such a way that it will slacken off when the pressure on the attached leash is slackened .

We feel that the main contribution of this volume to existing debate lies in the actual ethnographic presentations of peaceful societies , with the overall interpretation being explications on indigenous conceptions of human nature and categories of emotions .
we feel that the main contribution of this volume to [being] debate lies in the actual ethnographic presentations of peaceful societies , with the overall interpretation being explications on indigenous conceptions of human nature and categories of emotions .

Siann , in a recent study Accounting for Aggression which gives an excellent overview of existing theories and positions , does make a distinction between aggression and violence .
siann , in a recent study accounting for aggression which gives an excellent overview of [being] theories and positions , does make a distinction between aggression and violence .

Unlike pop socio-biology , which appeals to the gene as the ultimate and fundamental causal factor in human evolution and behaviour , innate sociality supposes a predisposition in human beings towards the continual absorption of existing meanings and the creation of new meanings in local universes of thought that are constantly being discovered , destroyed , and negotiated anew in the process of social interaction .
unlike pop socio-biology , which appeals to the gene as the ultimate and fundamental causal factor in human evolution and behaviour , innate sociality supposes a predisposition in human beings towards the continual absorption of [being] meanings and the creation of new meanings in local universes of thought that are constantly being discovered , destroyed , and negotiated anew in the process of social interaction .

To consolidate this success the railway is currently carrying out an extensive passenger survey to find out where its existing customers come from and what they think of the railway .
to consolidate this success the railway is currently carrying out an extensive passenger survey to find out where its [being] customers come from and what they think of the railway .

To achieve this , each female visits the nest before she starts laying and throws out one or more of the existing eggs .
to achieve this , each female visits the nest before she starts laying and throws out one or more of the [being] eggs .

Most aggressive encounters serve more to confirm the existing social hierarchy than to change it .
most aggressive encounters serve more to confirm the [being] social hierarchy than to change it .

To a population existing on ‘ Dr Negrín 's Resistance Pills ’ — lentils — leaflets dropped from Nationalist aircraft , informing them of the plentiful food in the Nationalist zone , were weapons as potent as bombs .
to a population [being] on ‘ dr negrín 's resistance pills ’ — lentils — leaflets dropped from nationalist aircraft , informing them of the plentiful food in the nationalist zone , were weapons as potent as bombs .

Otherwise he had used the existing old army blanket folded beneath him and on top the blanket of multicoloured woollen squares .
otherwise he had used the [being] old army blanket folded beneath him and on top the blanket of multicoloured woollen squares .

After the war , the Church Commissioners had finally decided that the existing huge Victorian house was unmanageable and uneconomic , and had sold the site to a developer on the understanding that a maisonette on the ground and first floor should be made over , in perpetuity , to house the parish priest .
after the war , the church commissioners had finally decided that the [being] huge victorian house was unmanageable and uneconomic , and had sold the site to a developer on the understanding that a maisonette on the ground and first floor should be made over , in perpetuity , to house the parish priest .

Olga and David have planted over two hundred trees which supplement those existing before the house .
olga and david have planted over two hundred trees which supplement those [being] before the house .

In late December 1986 the Audit Commission for local authorities in England and Wales published an influential report which severely criticized the existing public sector framework for community care services .
in late december 1986 the audit commission for local authorities in england and wales published an influential report which severely criticized the [being] public sector framework for community care services .

In order for this to be effectively implemented , social security benefits and existing community care monies are to be channelled through local authority social services and these funds will also be available to support individuals at home .
in order for this to be effectively implemented , social security benefits and [being] community care monies are to be channelled through local authority social services and these funds will also be available to support individuals at home .

Services are built round an individual 's needs in a flexible way , rather than people being forced to comply with existing service patterns , whether or not they find them convenient or useful .
services are built round an individual 's needs in a flexible way , rather than people being forced to comply with [being] service patterns , whether or not they find them convenient or useful .

However , we have inherited such a legacy and we need , too , to work with existing services .
however , we have inherited such a legacy and we need , too , to work with [being] services .

The creative use of existing clubs and leisure facilities could go much of the way to addressing this concern .
the creative use of [being] clubs and leisure facilities could go much of the way to addressing this concern .

Service planners have rarely acknowledged the need for emotional support , yet services need to be organized to foster the well-being of existing relationships and to help people develop new ones .
service planners have rarely acknowledged the need for emotional support , yet services need to be organized to foster the well-being of [being] relationships and to help people develop new ones .

Existing mental health services in Britain have developed within a largely white , Westernized culture with its own characteristic notions of health and disease .
[being] mental health services in britain have developed within a largely white , westernized culture with its own characteristic notions of health and disease .

Black people find the existing services difficult to approach , hard to get access to and overwhelmingly dominated by middle-class white professionals who know little of black culture .
black people find the [being] services difficult to approach , hard to get access to and overwhelmingly dominated by middle-class white professionals who know little of black culture .

Development plans show future road improvements which may affect development , for example where new access onto an existing road is not permissible .
development plans show future road improvements which may affect development , for example where new access onto an [being] road is not permissible .

This may be in the form of land between existing dwellings or often the assembly and foreshortening of long back gardens in order to permit development .
this may be in the form of land between [being] dwellings or often the assembly and foreshortening of long back gardens in order to permit development .

Before the 1947 Town and Country Planning Act , ribbon development was common along existing road patterns and land was left at the rear for agriculture , market gardens or allotments .
before the 1947 town and country planning act , ribbon development was common along [being] road patterns and land was left at the rear for agriculture , market gardens or allotments .

It may prove necessary to purchase and demolish existing dwellings to provide suitable access .
it may prove necessary to purchase and demolish [being] dwellings to provide suitable access .

It is common to include as the purchaser 's responsibility such items as fencing , new roadworks , removal and reconstruction of septic tanks , connection of existing properties to new drains , and construction of garages .
it is common to include as the purchaser 's responsibility such items as fencing , new roadworks , removal and reconstruction of septic tanks , connection of [being] properties to new drains , and construction of garages .

( b ) Contribution to costs of infrastructure and services , or construction of such facilities , whether for the benefit of the site , or adjoining land and existing properties .
( b ) contribution to costs of infrastructure and services , or construction of such facilities , whether for the benefit of the site , or adjoining land and [being] properties .

Perhaps the most common situation is where planning approval has been granted for development of land adjoining an existing earlier development .
perhaps the most common situation is where planning approval has been granted for development of land adjoining an [being] earlier development .

The local authority may insist that existing access roads are improved and widened before allowing development to proceed .
the local authority may insist that [being] access roads are improved and widened before allowing development to proceed .

existing services
[being] services

When making enquiries with the public utilities regarding availability of services it is essential to identify the position of existing services affecting the site .
when making enquiries with the public utilities regarding availability of services it is essential to identify the position of [being] services affecting the site .

Test holes to identify the location of all existing mains and services are useful in the design of the proposed layout .
test holes to identify the location of all [being] mains and services are useful in the design of the proposed layout .

Existing ’ defined ’ boundaries sometimes need monitoring : the author on one occasion was involved with a site where development was delayed pending completion of a sewerage scheme and one boundary advanced a few feet a year , flower beds , lawn and all .
[being] ’ defined ’ boundaries sometimes need monitoring : the author on one occasion was involved with a site where development was delayed pending completion of a sewerage scheme and one boundary advanced a few feet a year , flower beds , lawn and all .

Trees and contours all add to a sylvan setting and any attractive existing features may well be incorporated in a proposed scheme with advantage .
trees and contours all add to a sylvan setting and any attractive [being] features may well be incorporated in a proposed scheme with advantage .

Where a vendor wishes to protect his own interests , those of his ’ successor in title ’ or of an adjoining owner , a restriction may be imposed that no development will be permitted within a defined distance of a certain boundary or existing dwelling .
where a vendor wishes to protect his own interests , those of his ’ successor in title ’ or of an adjoining owner , a restriction may be imposed that no development will be permitted within a defined distance of a certain boundary or [being] dwelling .

Many developments have been delayed for years pending completion of new or improvements to existing sewage works .
many developments have been delayed for years pending completion of new or improvements to [being] sewage works .

British Gas should be contacted to check if a service is available on or adjacent to the site , and the cost to the developer of provision of any new or extension to existing mains .
british gas should be contacted to check if a service is available on or adjacent to the site , and the cost to the developer of provision of any new or extension to [being] mains .

It is also useful to undertake a survey of the existing stock of dwellings both overall and currently on the market , together with a detailed appraisal of the other developments in progress and their respective sale prices .
it is also useful to undertake a survey of the [being] stock of dwellings both overall and currently on the market , together with a detailed appraisal of the other developments in progress and their respective sale prices .

However , where a company is involved in small works or renovation of existing buildings , it may be essential .
however , where a company is involved in small works or renovation of [being] buildings , it may be essential .

Legal factors Restrictive covenants Existing easements Easements required Approval of scheme by third party Vacant possession ( squatters ) Sight lines Ransom strips Private and public sewers Infrastructure and services Existing roads and access Proximity and capacity of existing public sewers Availability of gas , water and electricity supplies Engineering problems Made-up ground , mining , bearing capacity of soil Springs , streams/rivers , flooding , water table Existing foundations and basements Previous use of land ( i.e .
legal factors restrictive covenants [being] easements easements required approval of scheme by third party vacant possession ( squatters ) sight lines ransom strips private and public sewers infrastructure and services [being] roads and access proximity and capacity of [being] public sewers availability of gas , water and electricity supplies engineering problems made-up ground , mining , bearing capacity of soil springs , streams/rivers , flooding , water table [being] foundations and basements previous use of land ( i.e .

Invert depths of sewers , pumping station Septic tanks and cesspools , approval for discharge of effluent Planning and environmental problems Classification of land , agricultural land , land with hope value , land scheduled for development ( usually in development or local plan ) Outline planning approval , detailed planning approval Built environment , redevelopment or change of use Existing planning approval may not be viable Planning conditions , open space , density , play areas , height and design of buildings Character of area and immediate environment
invert depths of sewers , pumping station septic tanks and cesspools , approval for discharge of effluent planning and environmental problems classification of land , agricultural land , land with hope value , land scheduled for development ( usually in development or local plan ) outline planning approval , detailed planning approval built environment , redevelopment or change of use [being] planning approval may not be viable planning conditions , open space , density , play areas , height and design of buildings character of area and immediate environment

Such costs will either be absorbed on a pro rata basis into the cost of existing projects or charged to the overhead accounts .
such costs will either be absorbed on a pro rata basis into the cost of [being] projects or charged to the overhead accounts .

The declaration committed those who signed it to recognise the independence and sovereignty of other members , to respect human rights including those of national minorities , and to observe existing boundaries .
the declaration committed those who signed it to recognise the independence and sovereignty of other members , to respect human rights including those of national minorities , and to observe [being] boundaries .

provision for both block and individual exemptions from the prohibition , following the example of Article 85(3) ; the test to be applied is that of technical or economic improvement ; a general public-interest criterion is specifically excluded , despite being asked for by , among others , the professions which are to be included in the scope of the legislation , unlike the existing Restrictive Trades Practices Act 1976 ;
provision for both block and individual exemptions from the prohibition , following the example of article 85(3) ; the test to be applied is that of technical or economic improvement ; a general public-interest criterion is specifically excluded , despite being asked for by , among others , the professions which are to be included in the scope of the legislation , unlike the [being] restrictive trades practices act 1976 ;

In a contestable market , existing firms are vulnerable to entry if they attempt to exploit their market power , there are no sunk costs , and hence exit is costless ; and entrants have access to the same technology and factor prices as incumbents .
in a contestable market , [being] firms are vulnerable to entry if they attempt to exploit their market power , there are no sunk costs , and hence exit is costless ; and entrants have access to the same technology and factor prices as incumbents .

strengthening existing competition legislation ;
strengthening [being] competition legislation ;

When Parliament legislates to remedy what the majority of its members at the time perceive to be a defect or a lacuna in the existing law ( whether it be the written law enacted by existing statutes or the unwritten common law as it has been expounded by the judges in decided cases ) , the role or the judiciary is confined to ascertaining from the words that Parliament has approved as expressing its intention what that intention was , and to giving effect to it .
when parliament legislates to remedy what the majority of its members at the time perceive to be a defect or a lacuna in the [being] law ( whether it be the written law enacted by [being] statutes or the unwritten common law as it has been expounded by the judges in decided cases ) , the role or the judiciary is confined to ascertaining from the words that parliament has approved as expressing its intention what that intention was , and to giving effect to it .

If there were no power to dissolve it could only resign , and a new Government would have to be formed from the ranks of the existing House of Commons .
if there were no power to dissolve it could only resign , and a new government would have to be formed from the ranks of the [being] house of commons .

The thought of all that dark , unharnessed power simply existing in the world .
the thought of all that dark , unharnessed power simply [being] in the world .

We do find new ways of reporting experience when necessary , but , on the whole , we tend to rely heavily on existing lexical resources in order to communicate successfully and easily with other members of our language community .
we do find new ways of reporting experience when necessary , but , on the whole , we tend to rely heavily on [being] lexical resources in order to communicate successfully and easily with other members of our language community .

To illustrate the potential usefulness of the strategy of nominalization , we could perhaps look at how it might be used to improve an existing translation .
to illustrate the potential usefulness of the strategy of nominalization , we could perhaps look at how it might be used to improve an [being] translation .

Below is a Brazilian academic abstract ( from Ciência e cultura 32 , 7 ( 1980 ) , 857 ) , followed by its existing English translation .
below is a brazilian academic abstract ( from ciência e cultura 32 , 7 ( 1980 ) , 857 ) , followed by its [being] english translation .

Existing English translation :
[being] english translation :

With the exception of the use of nominalizations and a change from the past to the present tense , my suggested version is identical to the existing translation ( the present tense is the correct one to use here because it signals that the abstract reports the contents of the paper , not the procedures undertaken in the research — see discussion of tense as a signalling device in academic abstracts , Chapter 4 , section 4.2.4 ) .
with the exception of the use of nominalizations and a change from the past to the present tense , my suggested version is identical to the [being] translation ( the present tense is the correct one to use here because it signals that the abstract reports the contents of the paper , not the procedures undertaken in the research — see discussion of tense as a signalling device in academic abstracts , chapter 4 , section 4.2.4 ) .

As his comments show , failure to specify with reasonable accuracy the input to any proposed variable is likely to obscure existing patterns of variation between speakers ;
as his comments show , failure to specify with reasonable accuracy the input to any proposed variable is likely to obscure [being] patterns of variation between speakers ;

For example , Turnock ( 1968 ) in a study of northeast Scotland found that depopulation in the area was not only a function of a retreat from hill farming but also a process of concentration into fewer but larger settlements , and Johnston ( 1965 ) in a study of northern England found that village size was important in not only retaining the existing population but also attracting newcomers from nearby towns .
for example , turnock ( 1968 ) in a study of northeast scotland found that depopulation in the area was not only a function of a retreat from hill farming but also a process of concentration into fewer but larger settlements , and johnston ( 1965 ) in a study of northern england found that village size was important in not only retaining the [being] population but also attracting newcomers from nearby towns .

( 1977 ) have argued that resources should be shifted between spending heads and even between agencies , and Banister ( 1980 ) has argued for a total welfare perspective which involves the best use of all existing facilities , not just the transport-related ones .
( 1977 ) have argued that resources should be shifted between spending heads and even between agencies , and banister ( 1980 ) has argued for a total welfare perspective which involves the best use of all [being] facilities , not just the transport-related ones .

Most of these were set up in the early 1970s , often from existing sites rather than de novo .
most of these were set up in the early 1970s , often from [being] sites rather than de novo .

On the whole though , mass tourism on the alpine scale must inevitably destroy much of the existing culture , including local languages ( White , 1974 ) but the greatest impact is probably felt in areas where another type of tourism has developed , namely second homes .
on the whole though , mass tourism on the alpine scale must inevitably destroy much of the [being] culture , including local languages ( white , 1974 ) but the greatest impact is probably felt in areas where another type of tourism has developed , namely second homes .

This happy state of affairs could well continue if recent trends towards the construction of purpose-built houses ( as the stock of existing property is bought up ) , and more especially towards time-share developments , which spread the economic benefits over a wider season and ownership , continue into the late 1980s and early 1990s ( White , 1978 ) .
this happy state of affairs could well continue if recent trends towards the construction of purpose-built houses ( as the stock of [being] property is bought up ) , and more especially towards time-share developments , which spread the economic benefits over a wider season and ownership , continue into the late 1980s and early 1990s ( white , 1978 ) .

The accumulation of an ever-increasing number of empirical case studies which together comprise(d) a broadening data base to describe users , activities and patterns of use in relation to the existing supply of opportunities .
the accumulation of an ever-increasing number of empirical case studies which together comprise(d) a broadening data base to describe users , activities and patterns of use in relation to the [being] supply of opportunities .

Prospective as well as existing secured creditors , for example , must rely on appropriate notice in order to assess the feasibility of their loan and the perfection of their security interest .
prospective as well as [being] secured creditors , for example , must rely on appropriate notice in order to assess the feasibility of their loan and the perfection of their security interest .

Now legislation arises either from major political commitments made by the Cabinet ( or earlier by the Shadow Cabinet while the party was in opposition ) , or it is of a more routine nature and comes from within the departments when they find their existing powers insufficient or inappropriate for the conduct of administration along accepted lines .
now legislation arises either from major political commitments made by the cabinet ( or earlier by the shadow cabinet while the party was in opposition ) , or it is of a more routine nature and comes from within the departments when they find their [being] powers insufficient or inappropriate for the conduct of administration along accepted lines .

Some adjust levels of existing taxes ; some involve technical or administrative questions ; a few may suggest wholly new forms of taxation .
some adjust levels of [being] taxes ; some involve technical or administrative questions ; a few may suggest wholly new forms of taxation .

For most of those in political life , the existing pattern of local government ( through which numbers of politicians , particularly in the Labour Party , had graduated ) was quite satisfactory and there seemed to be little point in tinkering with it .
for most of those in political life , the [being] pattern of local government ( through which numbers of politicians , particularly in the labour party , had graduated ) was quite satisfactory and there seemed to be little point in tinkering with it .

But the advent of the Nationalists , though hard to analyse , did suggest that there were votes to be won or lost , at least in Scotland and Wales , on the public 's sense of remoteness from decision-taking or its lack of knowledge of the existing degree of devolution to the Scottish and Welsh Offices and on the general confusion as to which body was responsible for what .
but the advent of the nationalists , though hard to analyse , did suggest that there were votes to be won or lost , at least in scotland and wales , on the public 's sense of remoteness from decision-taking or its lack of knowledge of the [being] degree of devolution to the scottish and welsh offices and on the general confusion as to which body was responsible for what .

The anomaly highlighted by the West Lothian question is further aggravated by the existing distribution of seats in the House of Commons .
the anomaly highlighted by the west lothian question is further aggravated by the [being] distribution of seats in the house of commons .

Finally , there is no enthusiasm at all in local government circles for elected regional assemblies because it is feared that the regions would ultimately take over existing local government functions .
finally , there is no enthusiasm at all in local government circles for elected regional assemblies because it is feared that the regions would ultimately take over [being] local government functions .

At the same time , the doctrine of ministerial responsibility could be limited , the degree of independent influence already existing in the civil service openly recognized , the Fulton reforms on management implemented and the Commons given powers of direct scrutiny of these subsections of the public service .
at the same time , the doctrine of ministerial responsibility could be limited , the degree of independent influence already [being] in the civil service openly recognized , the fulton reforms on management implemented and the commons given powers of direct scrutiny of these subsections of the public service .

The formula adopted for financing hospitals after the reorganisation of the health services in 1948 , however , was such that existing geographical inequalities inevitably continued .
the formula adopted for financing hospitals after the reorganisation of the health services in 1948 , however , was such that [being] geographical inequalities inevitably continued .

Market considerations would , therefore , dictate that among the owner occupiers , the upper socio-economic groups would not only be more likely to occupy detached housing than the lower socio-economic groups but that this disparity would be even wider than the one existing on simple tenure criteria .
market considerations would , therefore , dictate that among the owner occupiers , the upper socio-economic groups would not only be more likely to occupy detached housing than the lower socio-economic groups but that this disparity would be even wider than the one [being] on simple tenure criteria .

So far this chapter has attempted first to document the range of inequalities existing today in the areas of education , health , housing , work and income maintenance services after more than thirty years of welfare state policies ; and second , to estimate the trends in these inequalities during the same period , and the effects of social policies upon them .
so far this chapter has attempted first to document the range of inequalities [being] today in the areas of education , health , housing , work and income maintenance services after more than thirty years of welfare state policies ; and second , to estimate the trends in these inequalities during the same period , and the effects of social policies upon them .

Moreover , the socialist ideology of Cuba meant a different motivation for pupils and workers from that existing in capitalist countries — ‘ to work for collective rather than personal objectives ’ — with the result that education in Cuba became both a technical and an ideological force for greater productivity .
moreover , the socialist ideology of cuba meant a different motivation for pupils and workers from that [being] in capitalist countries — ‘ to work for collective rather than personal objectives ’ — with the result that education in cuba became both a technical and an ideological force for greater productivity .

It can therefore be argued that not only do social services not pull labour out of the manufacturing sector , but also if they are not expanded the redundant labour from the manufacturing sector simply remains unused and joins the existing long-term reserve army of labour .
it can therefore be argued that not only do social services not pull labour out of the manufacturing sector , but also if they are not expanded the redundant labour from the manufacturing sector simply remains unused and joins the [being] long-term reserve army of labour .

The Lord Chancellor began with the complacent and highly debatable observation that ‘ we are likely … to get a better assessment of the qualities of some eminent judge of the past through an existing member of the judiciary than from anyone else ’ .
the lord chancellor began with the complacent and highly debatable observation that ‘ we are likely … to get a better assessment of the qualities of some eminent judge of the past through an [being] member of the judiciary than from anyone else ’ .

It is sometimes said that judges are entitled to make extrajudicial statements critical of the existing law and advocating reform .
it is sometimes said that judges are entitled to make extrajudicial statements critical of the [being] law and advocating reform .

The dismay was in part because of the anticipated economic consequences of this militancy , but also because it threatened the existing social order of late Victorian England .
the dismay was in part because of the anticipated economic consequences of this militancy , but also because it threatened the [being] social order of late victorian england .

In 1988 , disputes arose between British shipowners , who proposed to introduce changes to existing terms and conditions of work for their employees , and the National Union of Seamen .
in 1988 , disputes arose between british shipowners , who proposed to introduce changes to [being] terms and conditions of work for their employees , and the national union of seamen .

The Court of Appeal held that this decision should be quashed because the Minister had not adequately explained his reasons , particularly in failing to give his assessment of the merits of the existing building .
the court of appeal held that this decision should be quashed because the minister had not adequately explained his reasons , particularly in failing to give his assessment of the merits of the [being] building .

The selling of this new product was accommodated within the existing structures of an industry used to selling the pale imitations of American pop .
the selling of this new product was accommodated within the [being] structures of an industry used to selling the pale imitations of american pop .

In popular music what matters is not the precise transmission of the existing repertoire .
in popular music what matters is not the precise transmission of the [being] repertoire .

Clearly , within the scale of output being contemplated by existing holiday firms they feel this potential advantage can give them a decisive competitive edge vis-à-vis their rivals .
clearly , within the scale of output being contemplated by [being] holiday firms they feel this potential advantage can give them a decisive competitive edge vis-à-vis their rivals .

With new forms of planning restriction limiting the amount of suburban extension that could be tacked on to existing built-up areas , housing developers increasingly looked to the surrounding rings of smaller settlements lying within commuting distance of city centres .
with new forms of planning restriction limiting the amount of suburban extension that could be tacked on to [being] built-up areas , housing developers increasingly looked to the surrounding rings of smaller settlements lying within commuting distance of city centres .

It can not avoid the informing presence of existing empirical studies and existing theoretical and quasi-theoretical positions .
it can not avoid the informing presence of [being] empirical studies and [being] theoretical and quasi-theoretical positions .

( b ) alternative , as in the cases of the provision of alternative facilities for the production , exhibition or publication of certain kinds of work , where it is believed that existing institutions exclude or tend to exclude these ;
( b ) alternative , as in the cases of the provision of alternative facilities for the production , exhibition or publication of certain kinds of work , where it is believed that [being] institutions exclude or tend to exclude these ;

It is firmly asserted , within existing class assumptions , that such workers have no legitimate concern whatever with the content of the cultural production .
it is firmly asserted , within [being] class assumptions , that such workers have no legitimate concern whatever with the content of the cultural production .

The distortions introduced into the housing market by planning controls have therefore exaggerated the divisions already existing between locals and newcomers that are derived from differences in backgrounds , cultural assumptions and life-styles .
the distortions introduced into the housing market by planning controls have therefore exaggerated the divisions already [being] between locals and newcomers that are derived from differences in backgrounds , cultural assumptions and life-styles .

The Countryside Commission , for example , has funded an extensive research programme in both the lowlands and the uplands in order to assess the extent of existing landscape change and to demonstrate how profitable farming and an attractive countryside may be combined .
the countryside commission , for example , has funded an extensive research programme in both the lowlands and the uplands in order to assess the extent of [being] landscape change and to demonstrate how profitable farming and an attractive countryside may be combined .

Theories which ignore power conflicts and subscribe to a consensus view , as interactionism does , have no choice but to see existing inequalities as inevitable .
theories which ignore power conflicts and subscribe to a consensus view , as interactionism does , have no choice but to see [being] inequalities as inevitable .

If joint action is undertaken , these associations often settle into the familiar pattern of ‘ pressure-group ’ politics — that is , appealing to existing power structures to be relieved of their debilitating situation .
if joint action is undertaken , these associations often settle into the familiar pattern of ‘ pressure-group ’ politics — that is , appealing to [being] power structures to be relieved of their debilitating situation .

The policies covered : new building programmes ; adaptation of existing stock ; modernisation programmes ; allocation procedures ; grants to private owners ; staff training .
the policies covered : new building programmes ; adaptation of [being] stock ; modernisation programmes ; allocation procedures ; grants to private owners ; staff training .

This is a crucial oversight as , with the reduction in new building programmes , it is often only by adapting existing property that any significant increase in the supply of housing for disabled people can be achieved .
this is a crucial oversight as , with the reduction in new building programmes , it is often only by adapting [being] property that any significant increase in the supply of housing for disabled people can be achieved .

Rochdale has built all new housing to mobility standard since 1980 , a significant number to wheelchair standard and has an expanding capital budget for adaptations to existing stock .
rochdale has built all new housing to mobility standard since 1980 , a significant number to wheelchair standard and has an expanding capital budget for adaptations to [being] stock .

Adaptation of existing dwellings
adaptation of [being] dwellings

However , some housing departments , who had no specific policy on or budget for adaptations to existing council properties , clearly had very little knowledge of the work of occupational therapists .
however , some housing departments , who had no specific policy on or budget for adaptations to [being] council properties , clearly had very little knowledge of the work of occupational therapists .

Nevertheless , student participation challenges existing power relations and structures , and there are possible dangers when such supposed shifts in power are planned and controlled by others .
nevertheless , student participation challenges [being] power relations and structures , and there are possible dangers when such supposed shifts in power are planned and controlled by others .

Separate provision for young disabled adults did not emerge until the early 1980s , when a group , known as Contact , was formed to provide a more comprehensive facility than existing services .
separate provision for young disabled adults did not emerge until the early 1980s , when a group , known as contact , was formed to provide a more comprehensive facility than [being] services .

Hence , committee membership can seriously aggravate existing user rivalry and conflict .
hence , committee membership can seriously aggravate [being] user rivalry and conflict .

Locating the dual experience of ageing with a disability within existing conceptual frameworks
locating the dual experience of ageing with a disability within [being] conceptual frameworks

She knew that if a company issued extra shares to raise more money , the value of the existing shares was diluted .
she knew that if a company issued extra shares to raise more money , the value of the [being] shares was diluted .

‘ That 'll mean issuing one extra share for every three existing shares .
‘ that 'll mean issuing one extra share for every three [being] shares .

We 're offering the new one-for-threes to existing shareholders at a discount of eight per cent .
we 're offering the new one-for-threes to [being] shareholders at a discount of eight per cent .

As Kaysen notes , ‘ [ w ] here new plants are placed both in regional terms and in relation to existing centers of population affects the balance of regional development and the character of urban and suburban growth ’ .
as kaysen notes , ‘ [ w ] here new plants are placed both in regional terms and in relation to [being] centers of population affects the balance of regional development and the character of urban and suburban growth ’ .

The importance of the concession theory is that it establishes a theoretical framework sympathetic to state intervention ; the company is a creature of the state , existing to promote the public welfare , and as such the state has the right to interfere in its internal affairs and need not confine itself to external , general-law regulation .
the importance of the concession theory is that it establishes a theoretical framework sympathetic to state intervention ; the company is a creature of the state , [being] to promote the public welfare , and as such the state has the right to interfere in its internal affairs and need not confine itself to external , general-law regulation .

On the other hand , if the single-minded pursuit of profits ( as constrained by external regulation ) is liable to damage the public interest , then this will require a modification of the existing set of shareholder rights and the framework of company law that upholds them .
on the other hand , if the single-minded pursuit of profits ( as constrained by external regulation ) is liable to damage the public interest , then this will require a modification of the [being] set of shareholder rights and the framework of company law that upholds them .

It may therefore be that while a perfectly competitive market composed of producers big enough to benefit fully from economies of scale would be the ideal , something like the existing state of affairs , particularly against a background of merger control and regulation of anti-competitive practices , is the best realisable outcome .
it may therefore be that while a perfectly competitive market composed of producers big enough to benefit fully from economies of scale would be the ideal , something like the [being] state of affairs , particularly against a background of merger control and regulation of anti-competitive practices , is the best realisable outcome .

This therefore suggests a unity between the fundamentals of the existing structure of company law and the interests of society , as they have been provisionally defined .
this therefore suggests a unity between the fundamentals of the [being] structure of company law and the interests of society , as they have been provisionally defined .

Chapter 12 will examine the challenge to the notion that the shareholders are uniquely qualified to be holders of residual rights , and the argument that a form of productive organisation in which the trading surplus accrues to the employees rather than the providers of capital is capable of operating no less efficiently , at least as far as the control of shirking is concerned , than the existing corporate form .
chapter 12 will examine the challenge to the notion that the shareholders are uniquely qualified to be holders of residual rights , and the argument that a form of productive organisation in which the trading surplus accrues to the employees rather than the providers of capital is capable of operating no less efficiently , at least as far as the control of shirking is concerned , than the [being] corporate form .

If the existing distribution is unsatisfactory that is not an objection to corporate enterprise but results from the failure to rectify distributive injustice .
if the [being] distribution is unsatisfactory that is not an objection to corporate enterprise but results from the failure to rectify distributive injustice .

Before examining the separation of ownership and control and the inefficiency to which it allegedly gives rise , it should be noted that from a different analytical perspective the supposition that the absence of effective shareholder control over management is a problem which existing or improved governance mechanisms might or might not solve appears highly tendentious .
before examining the separation of ownership and control and the inefficiency to which it allegedly gives rise , it should be noted that from a different analytical perspective the supposition that the absence of effective shareholder control over management is a problem which [being] or improved governance mechanisms might or might not solve appears highly tendentious .

The board will usually have responsibility for long-term strategic planning , for example concerning investment in new production facilities and products , merging or making a bid for another company , closing down existing plants or pulling out of unprofitable markets .
the board will usually have responsibility for long-term strategic planning , for example concerning investment in new production facilities and products , merging or making a bid for another company , closing down [being] plants or pulling out of unprofitable markets .

With the offer price necessarily in excess of current market value a member 's best course may be to sell , depending on an estimation of what the company 's future performance under existing management is likely to be and the possibility of a higher offer .
with the offer price necessarily in excess of current market value a member 's best course may be to sell , depending on an estimation of what the company 's future performance under [being] management is likely to be and the possibility of a higher offer .

The point is of some significance because a duty to balance the interests of present and future members would involve an expansion of the directors ' discretion , in effect , allowing them to justify their actions by reference to the well-being of the enterprise even though they are contrary to the interests of the existing members .
the point is of some significance because a duty to balance the interests of present and future members would involve an expansion of the directors ' discretion , in effect , allowing them to justify their actions by reference to the well-being of the enterprise even though they are contrary to the interests of the [being] members .

The true position is not that the directors must take account of the interests of future shareholders , but rather that they have a discretion concerning the time-scale over which existing members may be benefited .
the true position is not that the directors must take account of the interests of future shareholders , but rather that they have a discretion concerning the time-scale over which [being] members may be benefited .

Once it is accepted that management involves technical expertise , the court could , without departing from the existing but anomalous principle that the standard of care is linked to the attributes of the director , impose an appropriately higher standard , given that most executive directors of large companies do have considerable business experience .
once it is accepted that management involves technical expertise , the court could , without departing from the [being] but anomalous principle that the standard of care is linked to the attributes of the director , impose an appropriately higher standard , given that most executive directors of large companies do have considerable business experience .

The object of control is not , market theorists emphasise , to eradicate inefficiency , but to ‘ minimize the sum of the existing inefficiencies and the costs of the solution ’ .
the object of control is not , market theorists emphasise , to eradicate inefficiency , but to ‘ minimize the sum of the [being] inefficiencies and the costs of the solution ’ .

The effect of this will be to dilute further the value of the company 's existing shares .
the effect of this will be to dilute further the value of the company 's [being] shares .

The effectiveness of the market for control rests on the proposition ( ’ the efficient market hypothesis ’ ) that stock markets behave rationally , that is , that shares are priced at a level that reflects a company 's prospects under existing management and that prices are not merely the outcome of speculations on the part of market participants about each other 's behaviour , causing price and underlying value to become detached .
the effectiveness of the market for control rests on the proposition ( ’ the efficient market hypothesis ’ ) that stock markets behave rationally , that is , that shares are priced at a level that reflects a company 's prospects under [being] management and that prices are not merely the outcome of speculations on the part of market participants about each other 's behaviour , causing price and underlying value to become detached .

The fact , as one commentator has pointed out , that bidders are prepared to pay substantial premiums over the existing stock market valuation of a company in order to gain control indicates that despite the presence of the take-over threat bidders still believe that there is considerable scope for efficiency gains .
the fact , as one commentator has pointed out , that bidders are prepared to pay substantial premiums over the [being] stock market valuation of a company in order to gain control indicates that despite the presence of the take-over threat bidders still believe that there is considerable scope for efficiency gains .

In some cases the algorithm will spread the addresses evenly over the allocated storage area , and in the ideal case will have an equal probability of generating any address within that area ; in other cases the existing key order can be used to improve the efficiency of record storage .
in some cases the algorithm will spread the addresses evenly over the allocated storage area , and in the ideal case will have an equal probability of generating any address within that area ; in other cases the [being] key order can be used to improve the efficiency of record storage .

There are two possibilities : either to exploit the existing key order — if that is possible — or to completely destroy that order , and to allocate keys to addresses as randomly as possible .
there are two possibilities : either to exploit the [being] key order — if that is possible — or to completely destroy that order , and to allocate keys to addresses as randomly as possible .

This technique is not always as effective as division , but does achieve a nearly random distribution , and so is useful when it is not possible to exploit any existing order in the key sequence .
this technique is not always as effective as division , but does achieve a nearly random distribution , and so is useful when it is not possible to exploit any [being] order in the key sequence .

Whenever records are added to an existing file , as both home and synonym records from the original load have already been stored ; in this case the probability of an addition that is a potential home record being prevented from taking up its home position by a synonym that was loaded earlier is high .
whenever records are added to an [being] file , as both home and synonym records from the original load have already been stored ; in this case the probability of an addition that is a potential home record being prevented from taking up its home position by a synonym that was loaded earlier is high .

Paine , like many idealists in a hurry , was probably impatient of the slowness of legal remedies for existing abuses .
paine , like many idealists in a hurry , was probably impatient of the slowness of legal remedies for [being] abuses .

( 1 ) Legitimacy involves the capacity of the system to engender and maintain the belief that the existing political institutions are the most appropriate ones for the Society .
( 1 ) legitimacy involves the capacity of the system to engender and maintain the belief that the [being] political institutions are the most appropriate ones for the society .

If a people holds the belief that existing institutions are ‘ appropriate ’ or ‘ morally proper ’ , then those institutions are legitimate .
if a people holds the belief that [being] institutions are ‘ appropriate ’ or ‘ morally proper ’ , then those institutions are legitimate .

The legislature has the function of making new law or amending or repealing existing law .
the legislature has the function of making new law or amending or repealing [being] law .

If there is an existing pipe organ and it is of good quality , it may prove to be more economical in the long run to restore rather than replace it .
if there is an [being] pipe organ and it is of good quality , it may prove to be more economical in the long run to restore rather than replace it .

That organists or directors of music give consideration to the formation of a music group , where there is none , and ensure its close working relationship with any existing choir ( 591–593 ) .
that organists or directors of music give consideration to the formation of a music group , where there is none , and ensure its close working relationship with any [being] choir ( 591–593 ) .

Many feminists , as we shall see below , believe that the education system is largely an apparatus for reproducing the existing social structure .
many feminists , as we shall see below , believe that the education system is largely an apparatus for reproducing the [being] social structure .

Nu advanced the ingenious suggestion that instead of the existing Commonwealth structure there should be a federation of Socialist states .
nu advanced the ingenious suggestion that instead of the [being] commonwealth structure there should be a federation of socialist states .

During 1956 dissatisfaction with the existing system simmered and eventually boiled .
during 1956 dissatisfaction with the [being] system simmered and eventually boiled .

The study also draws on existing published data about current practices and predictions about where growth in jobs is most likely to take place , as a basis for projections on likely trade union growth .
the study also draws on [being] published data about current practices and predictions about where growth in jobs is most likely to take place , as a basis for projections on likely trade union growth .

Existing gainers of the subsidy would presumably be given a further five years ' grace , and new recruits would similarly benefit .
[being] gainers of the subsidy would presumably be given a further five years ' grace , and new recruits would similarly benefit .

First , however , something must be said about the existing patterns and trends of the curriculum in higher education .
first , however , something must be said about the [being] patterns and trends of the curriculum in higher education .

It does not distinguish between the older Scottish universities , such as Edinburgh and St Andrews , which predate all the English ones except Oxford and Cambridge , and the newer ones , such as Heriot-Watt and Strathclyde , which like the English ex-CATS were upgraded from existing technical institutions , but ones with a more prestigious history .
it does not distinguish between the older scottish universities , such as edinburgh and st andrews , which predate all the english ones except oxford and cambridge , and the newer ones , such as heriot-watt and strathclyde , which like the english ex-cats were upgraded from [being] technical institutions , but ones with a more prestigious history .

Beyond that , we are into the final , open stage of adult or continuing education , which may go on intermittently for many years , compensating for missed opportunities , updating and extending existing skills , or opening up new fields of interest and expertise altogether .
beyond that , we are into the final , open stage of adult or continuing education , which may go on intermittently for many years , compensating for missed opportunities , updating and extending [being] skills , or opening up new fields of interest and expertise altogether .

No doubt such structures reflect not only assumptions about the structure of knowledge , but more mundane matters such as the existing groupings of staff , the physical location of sites , historical accident and the current pressures to retrench and regroup .
no doubt such structures reflect not only assumptions about the structure of knowledge , but more mundane matters such as the [being] groupings of staff , the physical location of sites , historical accident and the current pressures to retrench and regroup .

Albrow ( 1986 ) has questioned what he calls the ‘ myth of the heroic struggle ’ in sociology , but it seems clear that many disciplines had to fight hard to gain entry and become established , especially where they appeared to threaten the hegemony of existing disciplines , as English and modern languages did with classics , the social sciences with history , and now perhaps computing with mathematics .
albrow ( 1986 ) has questioned what he calls the ‘ myth of the heroic struggle ’ in sociology , but it seems clear that many disciplines had to fight hard to gain entry and become established , especially where they appeared to threaten the hegemony of [being] disciplines , as english and modern languages did with classics , the social sciences with history , and now perhaps computing with mathematics .

The paper is rigorous and thought-provoking , but it does not map easily on to existing curricular structures , and the very complexity of the model may limit its diffusion in higher education .
the paper is rigorous and thought-provoking , but it does not map easily on to [being] curricular structures , and the very complexity of the model may limit its diffusion in higher education .

Kuhn argued that the comparatively long periods of normal science were punctuated by crises when the existing paradigms broke down and a new paradigm , and eventually orthodoxy , would become established ; the Copernican revolution was a prime example of this .
kuhn argued that the comparatively long periods of normal science were punctuated by crises when the [being] paradigms broke down and a new paradigm , and eventually orthodoxy , would become established ; the copernican revolution was a prime example of this .

Generally the existing situation is seen as a problem and the future state as the solution to that problem .
generally the [being] situation is seen as a problem and the future state as the solution to that problem .

But the existing business organization has a great many middle-management positions that are supposed to prepare and test a person .
but the [being] business organization has a great many middle-management positions that are supposed to prepare and test a person .

Existing staff were retrained , and there were no redundancies .
[being] staff were retrained , and there were no redundancies .

In the instances reported in this chapter , the high-performance strategy was introduced to existing plants which retained , at least in part , traditional methods of working and managing in some areas , and are thus qualitatively different from new design plants , in Lawler 's terminology .
in the instances reported in this chapter , the high-performance strategy was introduced to [being] plants which retained , at least in part , traditional methods of working and managing in some areas , and are thus qualitatively different from new design plants , in lawler 's terminology .

Existing centre-periphery relations ‘ broke up as mature corporations began to decentralize units of standardized manual production to dispersed localities also within the advanced nations , while concentrating managerial and financial functions within large metropolitan areas , ( Albertsen 1988 : 347 ) .
[being] centre-periphery relations ‘ broke up as mature corporations began to decentralize units of standardized manual production to dispersed localities also within the advanced nations , while concentrating managerial and financial functions within large metropolitan areas , ( albertsen 1988 : 347 ) .

From above and from below the pressures of class , existing at present , could be resentfully felt and wished away .
from above and from below the pressures of class , [being] at present , could be resentfully felt and wished away .

The danger was a communist enclave existing within the heart of South Africa : ‘ We might hate South Africa 's policies but it is tremendously important to the west .
the danger was a communist enclave [being] within the heart of south africa : ‘ we might hate south africa 's policies but it is tremendously important to the west .

The social norms can not merely exist as constraints existing outside individuals .
the social norms can not merely exist as constraints [being] outside individuals .

He would never have achieved his popularity , if he had been unable to give expression to the existing moods of his audience .
he would never have achieved his popularity , if he had been unable to give expression to the [being] moods of his audience .

However , by virtue of s. 89 of the Companies Act 1985 both private and public companies which wish to allocate shares for cash must offer these shares for purchase by existing members before offering them outside the company .
however , by virtue of s. 89 of the companies act 1985 both private and public companies which wish to allocate shares for cash must offer these shares for purchase by [being] members before offering them outside the company .

Catering entrepreneurs will have three choices : first , to take over an existing catering establishment as a going concern and adapt the premises as they see fit ; secondly , to convert already existing premises to be used as a catering establishment , such premises being derelict or presently used for some other purpose ; and thirdly , to have purpose-built premises designed by an architect and built to their specifications .
catering entrepreneurs will have three choices : first , to take over an [being] catering establishment as a going concern and adapt the premises as they see fit ; secondly , to convert already [being] premises to be used as a catering establishment , such premises being derelict or presently used for some other purpose ; and thirdly , to have purpose-built premises designed by an architect and built to their specifications .

However , an existing tenancy entered into prior to the above date will not be protected , unless it continues for two years , when it will come within the 1954 Act from 11 July 1992 and be protected thereafter .
however , an [being] tenancy entered into prior to the above date will not be protected , unless it continues for two years , when it will come within the 1954 act from 11 july 1992 and be protected thereafter .

The landlord may , of course , resist the granting of a new tenancy to the existing tenant on the basis of certain grounds provided for by the Act :
the landlord may , of course , resist the granting of a new tenancy to the [being] tenant on the basis of certain grounds provided for by the act :

where the tenant has failed to comply with repairing obligations under the existing tenancy ;
where the tenant has failed to comply with repairing obligations under the [being] tenancy ;

Since the acquisition of premises ( other than where the entrepreneur purchases the premises as a going concern and merely takes over an existing catering enterprise ) normally involves at least a change of use and often the development of the premises , planning permission is required .
since the acquisition of premises ( other than where the entrepreneur purchases the premises as a going concern and merely takes over an [being] catering enterprise ) normally involves at least a change of use and often the development of the premises , planning permission is required .

Ontogenesis as a process always results in a socialized subject existing within the objective structures of a particular cultural order .
ontogenesis as a process always results in a socialized subject [being] within the objective structures of a particular cultural order .

It was pointed out that it was hardly surprising there was a significant negative relationship between existing levels and subsequent change since ‘ decentralization ’ , i.e .
it was pointed out that it was hardly surprising there was a significant negative relationship between [being] levels and subsequent change since ‘ decentralization ’ , i.e .

movement away from existing areas , was precisely what was to be explained .
movement away from [being] areas , was precisely what was to be explained .

The geography ( the existing form of uneven development ) faced by the sunrise sectors of today is the inheritance of centuries , and in particular of the two centuries since the Industrial Revolution .
the geography ( the [being] form of uneven development ) faced by the sunrise sectors of today is the inheritance of centuries , and in particular of the two centuries since the industrial revolution .

It will , in that sense , be using the existing form of uneven development to its maximum advantage .
it will , in that sense , be using the [being] form of uneven development to its maximum advantage .

Thus the industry which decentralized from central region to periphery in the 1960s and '70s was using locational change , within the context of existing forms of uneven development , to improve its competitive position .
thus the industry which decentralized from central region to periphery in the 1960s and '70s was using locational change , within the context of [being] forms of uneven development , to improve its competitive position .

The long-wave school tends to conduct analysis in terms of sectors , whilst the regulationists would focus on changes in the labour process which , while undoubtedly being associated with the growth of new sectors , may also transform existing ones .
the long-wave school tends to conduct analysis in terms of sectors , whilst the regulationists would focus on changes in the labour process which , while undoubtedly being associated with the growth of new sectors , may also transform [being] ones .

The changes do not preserve an existing set of economic structures ; they represent an aItogether different type of economy .
the changes do not preserve an [being] set of economic structures ; they represent an aitogether different type of economy .

( c ) There is a natural tendency , when dealing with inputs on an incremental basis , to favour existing programmes .
( c ) there is a natural tendency , when dealing with inputs on an incremental basis , to favour [being] programmes .

That is , budgeting is a process that finances existing commitments or new commitments ( or increments ) .
that is , budgeting is a process that finances [being] commitments or new commitments ( or increments ) .

This is not confined to new policies and new decisions , but implies also the continuing examination , on a systematic and critical basis of existing activities of government .
this is not confined to new policies and new decisions , but implies also the continuing examination , on a systematic and critical basis of [being] activities of government .

These are based on existing sources of information but presented in a different way .
these are based on [being] sources of information but presented in a different way .

’ 3 Staff : ‘ The Agencies are putting considerable efforts into seeming what skills are needed and putting into effect the appropriate development programmes to ensure that their existing staff can meet them … There have also been financial rewards for staff .
’ 3 staff : ‘ the agencies are putting considerable efforts into seeming what skills are needed and putting into effect the appropriate development programmes to ensure that their [being] staff can meet them … there have also been financial rewards for staff .

It would be foolish to deny that there has been great suspicion that when we talk about freedoms and flexibilities what we are actually talking about is worsening existing terms and conditions .
it would be foolish to deny that there has been great suspicion that when we talk about freedoms and flexibilities what we are actually talking about is worsening [being] terms and conditions .

Innovation is the specific function of entrepreneurship , whether in an existing business , a public service institution , or a new venture started by a lone individual in the family kitchen .
innovation is the specific function of entrepreneurship , whether in an [being] business , a public service institution , or a new venture started by a lone individual in the family kitchen .

It is the means by which the entrepreneur either creates new wealth-producing resources or endows existing resources with enhanced potential for creating wealth .
it is the means by which the entrepreneur either creates new wealth-producing resources or endows [being] resources with enhanced potential for creating wealth .

( Holt , 1988 ) These nine examples drawn from a vast literature illustrate many of the key issues of innovation : the importance of observant people , the value of experience , the linking of different technologies to turn failure into success , the need for perseverance , the contribution of group problem solving techniques , the potential for opening up a wide range of opportunities and for changing , even destroying , existing organizational and market structures .
( holt , 1988 ) these nine examples drawn from a vast literature illustrate many of the key issues of innovation : the importance of observant people , the value of experience , the linking of different technologies to turn failure into success , the need for perseverance , the contribution of group problem solving techniques , the potential for opening up a wide range of opportunities and for changing , even destroying , [being] organizational and market structures .

Bureaucracy and formalism are enemies of creativity and innovation , but nevertheless we do need formal procedures and routines to be able to utilize the creative potential existing in the organization .
bureaucracy and formalism are enemies of creativity and innovation , but nevertheless we do need formal procedures and routines to be able to utilize the creative potential [being] in the organization .

It is used for improvements and new applications of existing products , and for new products with a low degree of novelty .
it is used for improvements and new applications of [being] products , and for new products with a low degree of novelty .

If the project is successful , it will be transferred to one of the existing product divisions , or a new product division will be organized for further exploitation .
if the project is successful , it will be transferred to one of the [being] product divisions , or a new product division will be organized for further exploitation .

Using existing unconnected product breakthroughs , Sony took a small tape player , married it to lightweight headphones and made the Walkman an entirely new product that , after a slight hesitation , became a world beater .
using [being] unconnected product breakthroughs , sony took a small tape player , married it to lightweight headphones and made the walkman an entirely new product that , after a slight hesitation , became a world beater .

The new powerful groups may perceive the existing arrangements as limiting their abilities to achieve their desired ends , and lead them to demand change .
the new powerful groups may perceive the [being] arrangements as limiting their abilities to achieve their desired ends , and lead them to demand change .

‘ The real source of deviation in such areas ’ , writes Lemert ( 1972:55 ) , ‘ is not necessarily change in the behavior of the subjects of regulation , but may be the imposition of new rules which define existing behavior , or behavior consistent with older norms , as now deviant .
‘ the real source of deviation in such areas ’ , writes lemert ( 1972:55 ) , ‘ is not necessarily change in the behavior of the subjects of regulation , but may be the imposition of new rules which define [being] behavior , or behavior consistent with older norms , as now deviant .

Pollution control work in the southern area has had , in contrast with the northern , a relatively long history and tends as a result to emphasize the maintenance of already existing acceptable standards of water quality .
pollution control work in the southern area has had , in contrast with the northern , a relatively long history and tends as a result to emphasize the maintenance of already [being] acceptable standards of water quality .

Difficulties sometimes arise when the agency redefines pollution control policy for a stretch of water and , wishes to tighten existing standards . Some of the issues typically raised during standard-setting negotiations surfaced in the following case from my field notes :
difficulties sometimes arise when the agency redefines pollution control policy for a stretch of water and , wishes to tighten [being] standards . some of the issues typically raised during standard-setting negotiations surfaced in the following case from my field notes :

Where a discharger would consistently do better than his existing consent , standards have sometimes been tightened .
where a discharger would consistently do better than his [being] consent , standards have sometimes been tightened .

But where a discharger has regularly been outside consent , standards have been relaxed to accord with the existing performance in 95 per cent of samples taken .
but where a discharger has regularly been outside consent , standards have been relaxed to accord with the [being] performance in 95 per cent of samples taken .

Since financial , technical , and geographical constraints did not permit efforts to be made to bring their sewage works into compliance with the existing standards ( even if time had been available ) , the only other means of demonstrably maintaining compliance was for the agencies to change the standards to fit the existing discharges .
since financial , technical , and geographical constraints did not permit efforts to be made to bring their sewage works into compliance with the [being] standards ( even if time had been available ) , the only other means of demonstrably maintaining compliance was for the agencies to change the standards to fit the [being] discharges .

This is often a time-consuming but indispensable part of the field man 's job since the work demands that he both preserve existing relationships with key people in farms and factories in his district and seek out and cultivate new contacts .
this is often a time-consuming but indispensable part of the field man 's job since the work demands that he both preserve [being] relationships with key people in farms and factories in his district and seek out and cultivate new contacts .

Existing Japanese Data Discman titles , summer 1991
[being] japanese data discman titles , summer 1991

It is Catherine Morland , not her creator , who is disappointed when she discovers that the great fireplace in the common sitting-room at Northanger Abbey has been ‘ contracted to a Rumford ’ , a more efficient way of producing heat that could be introduced into existing openings , invented by the American , Count Rumford , in 1796 .
it is catherine morland , not her creator , who is disappointed when she discovers that the great fireplace in the common sitting-room at northanger abbey has been ‘ contracted to a rumford ’ , a more efficient way of producing heat that could be introduced into [being] openings , invented by the american , count rumford , in 1796 .

It becomes the teachers ' responsibility to identify and investigate problems connected with their own and their school 's practice ; to evaluate existing provision in relation to context and to propose , implement and evaluate remedies that are within their resources .
it becomes the teachers ' responsibility to identify and investigate problems connected with their own and their school 's practice ; to evaluate [being] provision in relation to context and to propose , implement and evaluate remedies that are within their resources .

it allows headteachers to approach awkward staff who have problems and reinforces the existing management structures ;
it allows headteachers to approach awkward staff who have problems and reinforces the [being] management structures ;

In 1980 , after only one year 's work with the ‘ entry ’ year of pupil intake ( the 12/13 year olds ) , the seventeen existing staff were asked to submit a written appraisal of their work .
in 1980 , after only one year 's work with the ‘ entry ’ year of pupil intake ( the 12/13 year olds ) , the seventeen [being] staff were asked to submit a written appraisal of their work .

Third , and perhaps most important , both within the open-field lands and far beyond them , parliamentary enclosure and other forms of enclosure as well were involved with the final removal of much of the existing forests , heathland , moors , marshes and fens .
third , and perhaps most important , both within the open-field lands and far beyond them , parliamentary enclosure and other forms of enclosure as well were involved with the final removal of much of the [being] forests , heathland , moors , marshes and fens .

It was rare for two adjacent parishes to be enclosed simultaneously and thus the Commissioners in one parish would draw their new road to join existing tracks through next parish .
it was rare for two adjacent parishes to be enclosed simultaneously and thus the commissioners in one parish would draw their new road to join [being] tracks through next parish .

Often , however , it is clear that the commissioners took over an existing track between two villages and straightened it a little , without going to the extreme length of drawing entirely new roads .
often , however , it is clear that the commissioners took over an [being] track between two villages and straightened it a little , without going to the extreme length of drawing entirely new roads .

The increased numbers of people were housed by splitting up existing houses so that even modest cottages had sometimes up to twenty people living in them .
the increased numbers of people were housed by splitting up [being] houses so that even modest cottages had sometimes up to twenty people living in them .

Manufacturers ran up their mills , factories and works on the edge of existing towns , and their workers were housed in streets of terrace-houses built rapidly on the vacant ground all around the factory .
manufacturers ran up their mills , factories and works on the edge of [being] towns , and their workers were housed in streets of terrace-houses built rapidly on the vacant ground all around the factory .

It was not a through-road for Saxon or medieval traffic ; it did not come into existence as a boundary ; it was not originally a drove-road , for cattle-drovers took over existing tracks and lanes and did not create their own except in special circumstances .
it was not a through-road for saxon or medieval traffic ; it did not come into existence as a boundary ; it was not originally a drove-road , for cattle-drovers took over [being] tracks and lanes and did not create their own except in special circumstances .

Most of these , too , developed along existing paths , the paths that ran from village to village in Saxon times , though here and there they may have called for a new piece to complete the chain of paths .
most of these , too , developed along [being] paths , the paths that ran from village to village in saxon times , though here and there they may have called for a new piece to complete the chain of paths .

Like the salt traffic , the cattle trade that developed so strongly from the sixteenth century onwards moved along existing green lanes and trackways .
like the salt traffic , the cattle trade that developed so strongly from the sixteenth century onwards moved along [being] green lanes and trackways .

For the most part they took over existing routes , though in the hillier parts of the country they were responsible for the making of entirely new stretches of road where the older roads tackled gradients suitable only for foot-passengers and pack-horses .
for the most part they took over [being] routes , though in the hillier parts of the country they were responsible for the making of entirely new stretches of road where the older roads tackled gradients suitable only for foot-passengers and pack-horses .

Many turnpike roads like the canals and railways after them , produced minor settlements or led to changes in existing ones .
many turnpike roads like the canals and railways after them , produced minor settlements or led to changes in [being] ones .

The next type of planned town includes those which are reasonably well dated to the tenth to thirteenth centuries and which were clearly new planned urban centres added on to existing villages by their owners as attempts to encourage trade .
the next type of planned town includes those which are reasonably well dated to the tenth to thirteenth centuries and which were clearly new planned urban centres added on to [being] villages by their owners as attempts to encourage trade .

Many merely developed by ribbon expansion along existing streets , but others had additional planned elements added , as had happened earlier at Cambridge and Stamtord .
many merely developed by ribbon expansion along [being] streets , but others had additional planned elements added , as had happened earlier at cambridge and stamtord .

In Birmingham the Colmore family laid out a new suburb on a neat grid in the 1740s on their land north-west of the existing town centre .
in birmingham the colmore family laid out a new suburb on a neat grid in the 1740s on their land north-west of the [being] town centre .

Balloon-or cigar-shaped market places in new towns are relatively common , as it was one of the easiest ways to create an open space along an existing main road .
balloon-or cigar-shaped market places in new towns are relatively common , as it was one of the easiest ways to create an open space along an [being] main road .

How will it be possible to develop educational practices that will build on existing multicultural and antiracist initiatives , but move beyond them ?
how will it be possible to develop educational practices that will build on [being] multicultural and antiracist initiatives , but move beyond them ?

This tendency overlooks the role which the bureaucratic hierarchy plays in coercing the actually existing working class into anti race line .
this tendency overlooks the role which the bureaucratic hierarchy plays in coercing the actually [being] working class into anti race line .

On appeal by the taxpayers , the Appellate Committee having heard the appeal but before judgment referred it to an enlarged Appellate Committee to determine the question whether the existing exclusionary rule relating to the construction of statutes should be relaxed so as to enable Hansard to be consulted as an aid to construction : —
on appeal by the taxpayers , the appellate committee having heard the appeal but before judgment referred it to an enlarged appellate committee to determine the question whether the [being] exclusionary rule relating to the construction of statutes should be relaxed so as to enable hansard to be consulted as an aid to construction : —

Should the existing rule prohibiting any reference to Hansard in construing legislation be relaxed and , if so , to what extent ?
should the [being] rule prohibiting any reference to hansard in construing legislation be relaxed and , if so , to what extent ?

The existing legislation on fringe benefits was to be repealed .
the [being] legislation on fringe benefits was to be repealed .

‘ Financial Secretary : The existing law which applies to the taxation of some of these benefits will be retained .
‘ financial secretary : the [being] law which applies to the taxation of some of these benefits will be retained .

That is the position as it was before this Bill and as it will be if the whole of the Bill is passed , because subsection ( 2 ) only restates the existing position .
that is the position as it was before this bill and as it will be if the whole of the bill is passed , because subsection ( 2 ) only restates the [being] position .

On the other side , the Attorney-General submitted that the existing rule had a sound constitutional and practical basis .
on the other side , the attorney-general submitted that the [being] rule had a sound constitutional and practical basis .

In answer to these inquiries the Financial Secretary gave similar answers in relation to each class namely ( 1 ) that in all the cases ( except that of the teachers ' concessionary education ) that the benefits would be taxed on the same basis as under the existing law and ( 2 ) that in all cases the amount of the charge would be nil , small or , in the case of the schoolteachers , ‘ very small indeed .
in answer to these inquiries the financial secretary gave similar answers in relation to each class namely ( 1 ) that in all the cases ( except that of the teachers ' concessionary education ) that the benefits would be taxed on the same basis as under the [being] law and ( 2 ) that in all cases the amount of the charge would be nil , small or , in the case of the schoolteachers , ‘ very small indeed .

Second , the existing practice of the revenue under the pre-1976 law was not to tax benefits in kind on the average cost basis and those who were asking questions on behalf of their constituents would have been well aware of this fact .
second , the [being] practice of the revenue under the pre-1976 law was not to tax benefits in kind on the average cost basis and those who were asking questions on behalf of their constituents would have been well aware of this fact .

By 1887 , however , he had tried the existing Sunderland Union and found it wanting .
by 1887 , however , he had tried the [being] sunderland union and found it wanting .

Unhappily the difficulty that besets the establishment of such a society as that contemplated by the Sunderland men is the same as that which practically neutralises the efforts of the existing small unions .
unhappily the difficulty that besets the establishment of such a society as that contemplated by the sunderland men is the same as that which practically neutralises the efforts of the [being] small unions .

Sir George Askwith , the Board of Trade 's Chief Industrial Commissioner , quickly persuaded Devonport to meet Harry Gosling and Harry Orbell , an influential official of the London Dockers , who were representative of both the executive of the Transport Workers ' Federation and the workers ' side of the Port of London Authority and to assure them that existing agreements would be maintained .
sir george askwith , the board of trade 's chief industrial commissioner , quickly persuaded devonport to meet harry gosling and harry orbell , an influential official of the london dockers , who were representative of both the executive of the transport workers ' federation and the workers ' side of the port of london authority and to assure them that [being] agreements would be maintained .

If then the existing techniques ( or available programs ) are categorized under the three main design phases , their role within the overall design process becomes apparent .
if then the [being] techniques ( or available programs ) are categorized under the three main design phases , their role within the overall design process becomes apparent .

However , much analysis and design work can be performed on an existing turnkey computer system by making use of its large graphics capabilities to generate the models , but with only a limited amount of `` on board `` numerical manipulation .
however , much analysis and design work can be performed on an [being] turnkey computer system by making use of its large graphics capabilities to generate the models , but with only a limited amount of `` on board `` numerical manipulation .

These zones are defined as existing within the range of the primary ( condition 0 ) , below the range ( condition — 1 ) , and above It ( condition 1 ) .
these zones are defined as [being] within the range of the primary ( condition 0 ) , below the range ( condition — 1 ) , and above it ( condition 1 ) .

The functionality of the components , whilst existing within the geometric intersection , is declared as an attribute which exists in each of the sets describing the mating ( or associating ) parts .
the functionality of the components , whilst [being] within the geometric intersection , is declared as an attribute which exists in each of the sets describing the mating ( or associating ) parts .

The function is retained as relationships , existing in the intersection between domains that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .
the function is retained as relationships , [being] in the intersection between domains that specify the geometric requirements , either directly by rules or indirectly through a controlling set of programs .

The two domains `` instrument `` and `` bed `` would then be sought within the list of existing domains and retrieved , or added if found not to exist .
the two domains `` instrument `` and `` bed `` would then be sought within the list of [being] domains and retrieved , or added if found not to exist .

The purpose of the management network is to mimic the existing control and role-playing activities of the manual design process .
the purpose of the management network is to mimic the [being] control and role-playing activities of the manual design process .

This process will include retrieving and checking existing data , accessing designs from differing workstations if the domains intersect and consequently relating and checking company standards .
this process will include retrieving and checking [being] data , accessing designs from differing workstations if the domains intersect and consequently relating and checking company standards .

The individual relationships existing between two groups of attributes are described as `` tuples `` .
the individual relationships [being] between two groups of attributes are described as `` tuples `` .

The ability to locate existing parts easily reduces the variety of components and leads to standardization .
the ability to locate [being] parts easily reduces the variety of components and leads to standardization .

Control over the designing of new parts and modification of existing parts is maintained by attribute allocation and the where used file .
control over the designing of new parts and modification of [being] parts is maintained by attribute allocation and the where used file .

The operation of the kinematics package can be illustrated by reference to the analysis of an existing mechanism train .
the operation of the kinematics package can be illustrated by reference to the analysis of an [being] mechanism train .

Two more , for aligning these arms were also specified as existing at the end of the coupler rod .
two more , for aligning these arms were also specified as [being] at the end of the coupler rod .

In paragraph 15 the committee discuss ‘ the chief defects in the existing law of larceny , ’ including its failure to deal with certain kinds of dishonesty .
in paragraph 15 the committee discuss ‘ the chief defects in the [being] law of larceny , ’ including its failure to deal with certain kinds of dishonesty .

It is presumed that the legislature does not intend to make any change in the existing law beyond that which is expressly stated in , or follows by necessary implication from , the language of the statute in question .
it is presumed that the legislature does not intend to make any change in the [being] law beyond that which is expressly stated in , or follows by necessary implication from , the language of the statute in question .

The directors ' policy is to continue the expansion of the group in its existing growth areas .
the directors ' policy is to continue the expansion of the group in its [being] growth areas .

It also sold the existing warehouse at Acton which has been under-used since the main London warehouse has come into operation .
it also sold the [being] warehouse at acton which has been under-used since the main london warehouse has come into operation .

Remember , however , that the difficulty of the text is relative to your existing knowledge and level of understanding of the topic .
remember , however , that the difficulty of the text is relative to your [being] knowledge and level of understanding of the topic .

These are based largely on existing historical studies and usually offer a good overview of a period or topic .
these are based largely on [being] historical studies and usually offer a good overview of a period or topic .

Decide whether this source is meant to : ( a ) be the major input of information or ( b ) supplement and complement an existing knowledge .
decide whether this source is meant to : ( a ) be the major input of information or ( b ) supplement and complement an [being] knowledge .

If ( b ) then select only those points ( ideas , facts , differing interpretations ) that substantiate and clarify your existing knowledge .
if ( b ) then select only those points ( ideas , facts , differing interpretations ) that substantiate and clarify your [being] knowledge .

Samuel strongly advised that MacDonald should be persuaded to stay on as head of the existing government or some `` reconstituted `` Labour Cabinet or , failing these alternatives , of a National government made up of members of the three parties ; the necessary but unpalatable economies affecting the working class could best be imposed by a Labour government .
samuel strongly advised that macdonald should be persuaded to stay on as head of the [being] government or some `` reconstituted `` labour cabinet or , failing these alternatives , of a national government made up of members of the three parties ; the necessary but unpalatable economies affecting the working class could best be imposed by a labour government .

Apart from extending agriculture into lands which were not free , as they seemed , but part of an ancient patrimony , they hunted fur-bearing animals as well as birds and fish and in other ways competed with the existing population for scarce resources .
apart from extending agriculture into lands which were not free , as they seemed , but part of an ancient patrimony , they hunted fur-bearing animals as well as birds and fish and in other ways competed with the [being] population for scarce resources .

With the advent of colour , the existing difficulty of matching light levels was further complicated by the additional problems of matching colours in saturation as well as in hue .
with the advent of colour , the [being] difficulty of matching light levels was further complicated by the additional problems of matching colours in saturation as well as in hue .

Front projection ingeniously combined existing technology ( the half-silvered mirror , used by magicians ) with new ( the glass-beaded screen ) .
front projection ingeniously combined [being] technology ( the half-silvered mirror , used by magicians ) with new ( the glass-beaded screen ) .

The existing professional service is not replaced by the programme but it probably enhances the uptake of services such as immunisation clinics and parenting classes , as well as helping parents to recognise their own expertise in discussion with professionals .
the [being] professional service is not replaced by the programme but it probably enhances the uptake of services such as immunisation clinics and parenting classes , as well as helping parents to recognise their own expertise in discussion with professionals .

Responses to each category — which individuals shade to the extent they see a factor , such as clean water , sanitation , good food , existing — enable them to understand what areas of life are healthy and which are causing health problems .
responses to each category — which individuals shade to the extent they see a factor , such as clean water , sanitation , good food , [being] — enable them to understand what areas of life are healthy and which are causing health problems .

Health data that gets collected from the health facility using the existing system of selecting the health facilities ‘ own ethnic group ’ becomes totally unreliable and inadequate for budget proposals and programme planning .
health data that gets collected from the health facility using the [being] system of selecting the health facilities ‘ own ethnic group ’ becomes totally unreliable and inadequate for budget proposals and programme planning .

In the meantime voluntary organisations and community groups are urged to work together locally and regionally to coordinate information gathering and analysis through existing networks and development agencies ( e.g .
in the meantime voluntary organisations and community groups are urged to work together locally and regionally to coordinate information gathering and analysis through [being] networks and development agencies ( e.g .

There are incentives to engage in verification tests because a scientist obtains credit not only from establishing the truth of a new hypothesis but also from discrediting an existing one ; the latter , as much as the former , contributes to truth .
there are incentives to engage in verification tests because a scientist obtains credit not only from establishing the truth of a new hypothesis but also from discrediting an [being] one ; the latter , as much as the former , contributes to truth .

Existing procedures no alternative to the lessons of science
[being] procedures no alternative to the lessons of science

Rather than create a new institution , is it not more feasible to improve our existing one , the police ?
rather than create a new institution , is it not more feasible to improve our [being] one , the police ?

Marx maintained that , with the possible exception of the societies of prehistory , all historical societies contain basic contradictions which means that they can not survive forever in their existing form .
marx maintained that , with the possible exception of the societies of prehistory , all historical societies contain basic contradictions which means that they can not survive forever in their [being] form .

In Marx 's words , ‘ The existing relations of production between individuals must necessarily express themselves also as political and legal relations .
in marx 's words , ‘ the [being] relations of production between individuals must necessarily express themselves also as political and legal relations .

In particular , the political and legal systems will reflect ruling class interests since , in Marx 's words , ‘ The existing relations of production between individuals must necessarily express themselves also as political and legal relations ’ .
in particular , the political and legal systems will reflect ruling class interests since , in marx 's words , ‘ the [being] relations of production between individuals must necessarily express themselves also as political and legal relations ’ .

Existing catalytic converters can produce extremely low hydrocarbon and carbon monoxide outputs only in optimal conditions .
[being] catalytic converters can produce extremely low hydrocarbon and carbon monoxide outputs only in optimal conditions .

Again , the Corinthians ( i.42 ) urge the Athenians to remove the ‘ previously existing suspicion on account of the Megarians ’ , where ‘ previously , is more likely to refer to the early 430s than to Megarian behaviour c.460 , which was not something Athens could do much about now .
again , the corinthians ( i.42 ) urge the athenians to remove the ‘ previously [being] suspicion on account of the megarians ’ , where ‘ previously , is more likely to refer to the early 430s than to megarian behaviour c.460 , which was not something athens could do much about now .

While some have welcomed the jobs provided by these developments , others have opposed them in order to preserve existing landscapes or to further their own economic interests ( Newby 1979 ) .
while some have welcomed the jobs provided by these developments , others have opposed them in order to preserve [being] landscapes or to further their own economic interests ( newby 1979 ) .

However , there are no easy solutions to the problems of an area such as the Highlands within the constraints of the existing national economic structure , and there is no certainty that small-scale industries would have provided a better base for employment growth .
however , there are no easy solutions to the problems of an area such as the highlands within the constraints of the [being] national economic structure , and there is no certainty that small-scale industries would have provided a better base for employment growth .

There are a number of reasons to explain this , including the location of new housing beyond the existing built-up areas ( Ambrose 1974 ) , the desire for larger houses and gardens , improved mobility , and a preference for rural life .
there are a number of reasons to explain this , including the location of new housing beyond the [being] built-up areas ( ambrose 1974 ) , the desire for larger houses and gardens , improved mobility , and a preference for rural life .

Both new private housing estates and council estates are often peripherally located with respect to the existing village ( Pahl 1965b ; Blacksell and Gilg 1981 ) .
both new private housing estates and council estates are often peripherally located with respect to the [being] village ( pahl 1965b ; blacksell and gilg 1981 ) .

First , planners are often blamed , because they may frequently specify the styles and building materials with which new houses should be built , ‘ in keeping ’ with existing structures ( Blacksell and Gilg 1981 ) .
first , planners are often blamed , because they may frequently specify the styles and building materials with which new houses should be built , ‘ in keeping ’ with [being] structures ( blacksell and gilg 1981 ) .

Many of these applicants are living in very poor existing accommodation .
many of these applicants are living in very poor [being] accommodation .

It is sad but true that existing houses are often poorly located with respect to current jobs and services .
it is sad but true that [being] houses are often poorly located with respect to current jobs and services .

Where points schemes do exist , they are usually based on criteria such as family size and existing housing space , lack of a separate home or facilities , medical need , separation of families , length of local residence , and a number of discretionary points .
where points schemes do exist , they are usually based on criteria such as family size and [being] housing space , lack of a separate home or facilities , medical need , separation of families , length of local residence , and a number of discretionary points .

Usually a limited number of offers can be rejected but there is no guarantee that a subsequent offer will be an improvement , so in many rural districts applicants may have to make the best of either inappropriate housing or housing not ideally located with regard to their workplaces or existing patterns of use of facilities .
usually a limited number of offers can be rejected but there is no guarantee that a subsequent offer will be an improvement , so in many rural districts applicants may have to make the best of either inappropriate housing or housing not ideally located with regard to their workplaces or [being] patterns of use of facilities .

Probably the most important ‘ alternative ’ tenure — that provided by housing associations — is really a supplement to the existing owner-occupied and public rented sectors .
probably the most important ‘ alternative ’ tenure — that provided by housing associations — is really a supplement to the [being] owner-occupied and public rented sectors .

Housing associations attempt to provide housing at fair rents either for community needs or for special groups such as retired rural workers , the elderly or the handicapped , both through building and through acquisition of existing properties ( Clark 1981 ) .
housing associations attempt to provide housing at fair rents either for community needs or for special groups such as retired rural workers , the elderly or the handicapped , both through building and through acquisition of [being] properties ( clark 1981 ) .

Partly to overcome this , the Housing Corporation now favours local groups linking to existing national or regional associations rather than starting their own associations .
partly to overcome this , the housing corporation now favours local groups linking to [being] national or regional associations rather than starting their own associations .

These powers are enshrined as development control procedures which enable local authorities to reject , approve , or approve with conditions , applications for planning permission for new buildings , extensions to existing buildings and changes in land use .
these powers are enshrined as development control procedures which enable local authorities to reject , approve , or approve with conditions , applications for planning permission for new buildings , extensions to [being] buildings and changes in land use .

More recently , Exmoor National Park has decided on a more active policy of land purchase as the only sure way of conserving existing agricultural landscapes .
more recently , exmoor national park has decided on a more active policy of land purchase as the only sure way of conserving [being] agricultural landscapes .

All rural settlements in the areas were classified according to their size , existing facilities and the scope for further development .
all rural settlements in the areas were classified according to their size , [being] facilities and the scope for further development .

These mostly involved piecemeal or rounding-off development in existing settlements or small groups of houses , but it nevertheless indicates a surprising flexibility in the application of policy even in those areas where one would expect the policy to be strongly applied .
these mostly involved piecemeal or rounding-off development in [being] settlements or small groups of houses , but it nevertheless indicates a surprising flexibility in the application of policy even in those areas where one would expect the policy to be strongly applied .

Many commentators would now agree that the marginal costs of making fuller use of existing facilities outweigh the economies of scale to be obtained from their concentration .
many commentators would now agree that the marginal costs of making fuller use of [being] facilities outweigh the economies of scale to be obtained from their concentration .

The initiative usually comes from the developer proposing an addition to an existing village , or from the local authority housing department wishing to construct a new council housing estate .
the initiative usually comes from the developer proposing an addition to an [being] village , or from the local authority housing department wishing to construct a new council housing estate .

While all these points are important , the last-named is crucial as it influences the way in which new development is linked to the existing village core .
while all these points are important , the last-named is crucial as it influences the way in which new development is linked to the [being] village core .

in-fill sites ; that is , consolidation of the existing close-knit character of villages ;
in-fill sites ; that is , consolidation of the [being] close-knit character of villages ;

The main criticism is that the development of peripheral estates ( public or private ) can create a dual village , in which the new housing is sometimes physically and socially isolated from the existing village core .
the main criticism is that the development of peripheral estates ( public or private ) can create a dual village , in which the new housing is sometimes physically and socially isolated from the [being] village core .

Where any person by speech or writing seeks to persuade others to violate existing law or to overthrow by force or other unlawful means the existing government , he may be punished … but all other utterances or publications against the government must be considered absolutely privileged .
where any person by speech or writing seeks to persuade others to violate [being] law or to overthrow by force or other unlawful means the [being] government , he may be punished … but all other utterances or publications against the government must be considered absolutely privileged .

In my view , the existing available protection is adequate and gives to a governmental body all such rights as are necessary in a democratic society for the protection of its governing reputation .
in my view , the [being] available protection is adequate and gives to a governmental body all such rights as are necessary in a democratic society for the protection of its governing reputation .

Existing species were not created in their present form at the beginning of life on this planet .
[being] species were not created in their present form at the beginning of life on this planet .

These operate by combining existing elements into new patterns or by attaching new connotations to them .
these operate by combining [being] elements into new patterns or by attaching new connotations to them .

Examples of the former — recombining existing elements — would be the way this eclecticism in 1960s rock came into being in the first place , formed as it was from disparate sources , including many elements from bourgeois ‘ art music ’ ; or the way rhythmic techniques derived from working-class black American music were combined with other elements in 1920s dance music to signify a kind of safe but exotic , hedonist escapism for a broad grouping of classes in Britain .
examples of the former — recombining [being] elements — would be the way this eclecticism in 1960s rock came into being in the first place , formed as it was from disparate sources , including many elements from bourgeois ‘ art music ’ ; or the way rhythmic techniques derived from working-class black american music were combined with other elements in 1920s dance music to signify a kind of safe but exotic , hedonist escapism for a broad grouping of classes in britain .

In this period , against the background of a developing world market , within a ‘ global economy ’ dominated by multinational corporations , the existing monopolistic cultural formation both confirms itself and , at another level , becomes noticeably fissured , through the development of an assortment of transient subcultures .
in this period , against the background of a developing world market , within a ‘ global economy ’ dominated by multinational corporations , the [being] monopolistic cultural formation both confirms itself and , at another level , becomes noticeably fissured , through the development of an assortment of transient subcultures .

These create the potential for new production methods — magnetic tape replaces music scores , the ‘ three-chord ’ electric guitar puts in question the existing professionalized instrumental skills .
these create the potential for new production methods — magnetic tape replaces music scores , the ‘ three-chord ’ electric guitar puts in question the [being] professionalized instrumental skills .

At first rock ' n ' roll was generally seen in terms of rebellion : this was viewed positively , by fans and fellow-travellers , or negatively , by outraged defenders of established cultural interests ; in any case , it was a new music , set against existing popular types .
at first rock ' n ' roll was generally seen in terms of rebellion : this was viewed positively , by fans and fellow-travellers , or negatively , by outraged defenders of established cultural interests ; in any case , it was a new music , set against [being] popular types .

There are no newly invented tunes ; like almost all proletarian performers at this time , rural and urban , he draws on existing melodies .
there are no newly invented tunes ; like almost all proletarian performers at this time , rural and urban , he draws on [being] melodies .

This not only affects the distribution , function and meaning of existing works but also stimulates new artistic techniques , new modes of production and new social relationships , shifting art from the sphere of ritual or disinterested contemplation to that of everyday life and political struggle .
this not only affects the distribution , function and meaning of [being] works but also stimulates new artistic techniques , new modes of production and new social relationships , shifting art from the sphere of ritual or disinterested contemplation to that of everyday life and political struggle .

Content — however radical — can always be appropriated by the existing cultural powers ; for Benjamin , then , cultural politics must become more of a running guerrilla war , in which any appropriate materials , tactics , techniques and relationships may be used .
content — however radical — can always be appropriated by the [being] cultural powers ; for benjamin , then , cultural politics must become more of a running guerrilla war , in which any appropriate materials , tactics , techniques and relationships may be used .

This leads to a system of values whose chief criterion seems to be lack of popularity ( that is , of commercial success ) , whose musical politics is governed by a continuous effort to be ‘ challenging ’ and ‘ difficult ’ so as to outwit the equally continuous capacity of the industry to exploit innovation , and whose approach to production is based on a ‘ folk spontaneity ’ model which sees ‘ real ’ music-making as arising ‘ naturally ’ , independent of the influence of existing codes , roles and practices .
this leads to a system of values whose chief criterion seems to be lack of popularity ( that is , of commercial success ) , whose musical politics is governed by a continuous effort to be ‘ challenging ’ and ‘ difficult ’ so as to outwit the equally continuous capacity of the industry to exploit innovation , and whose approach to production is based on a ‘ folk spontaneity ’ model which sees ‘ real ’ music-making as arising ‘ naturally ’ , independent of the influence of [being] codes , roles and practices .

At one level , McLuhan brought together a variety of existing studies of cultural modes and forms in oral and in literate societies .
at one level , mcluhan brought together a variety of [being] studies of cultural modes and forms in oral and in literate societies .

This is dialectical , both in the sense that it is marked by many kinds of interplay , as we have seen , and in the sense that at each stage there is retention and extension of existing elements , as well as negation of them .
this is dialectical , both in the sense that it is marked by many kinds of interplay , as we have seen , and in the sense that at each stage there is retention and extension of [being] elements , as well as negation of them .

In what ways can planned and democratic economic forms be presented as a feasible and superior development/transformation of existing forms ?
in what ways can planned and democratic economic forms be presented as a feasible and superior development/transformation of [being] forms ?

Given the rapid expansion of demand for managerial , technical , professional and administrative labour , it was quite impossible to restrict recruitment to the offspring of the existing middle classes .
given the rapid expansion of demand for managerial , technical , professional and administrative labour , it was quite impossible to restrict recruitment to the offspring of the [being] middle classes .

‘ Although this circumstance continually brings an unwelcome number of new soldiers of fortune into the field and into competition with the already existing individual capitalists , it also reinforces the supremacy of capital itself , expands its base and enables it to recruit ever new forces for itself out of the substratum of society .
‘ although this circumstance continually brings an unwelcome number of new soldiers of fortune into the field and into competition with the already [being] individual capitalists , it also reinforces the supremacy of capital itself , expands its base and enables it to recruit ever new forces for itself out of the substratum of society .

Goldthorpe argues that in the British case the effects have been strikingly asymmetrical : the expanding upper occupational strata show a low ‘ demographic homogeneity ’ ( i.e. a low proportion of members whose fathers were members of the same stratum or class ) , while the manual wage-earning classes , dwindling in size , show a very high level of demographic homogeneity : there has been little pressure for recruitment of manual workers from beyond the ranks of existing manual workers ' families .
goldthorpe argues that in the british case the effects have been strikingly asymmetrical : the expanding upper occupational strata show a low ‘ demographic homogeneity ’ ( i.e. a low proportion of members whose fathers were members of the same stratum or class ) , while the manual wage-earning classes , dwindling in size , show a very high level of demographic homogeneity : there has been little pressure for recruitment of manual workers from beyond the ranks of [being] manual workers ' families .

By the 1960s , however , the ‘ success ’ of the existing social formation was beginning to be called into question in various ways .
by the 1960s , however , the ‘ success ’ of the [being] social formation was beginning to be called into question in various ways .

Gold appears either in its parent rock or in placer deposits in which the products of long periods of erosion are concentrated in the alluvium of existing river systems or buried under later sedimentary or igneous rocks .
gold appears either in its parent rock or in placer deposits in which the products of long periods of erosion are concentrated in the alluvium of [being] river systems or buried under later sedimentary or igneous rocks .

The differing requirements of working alluvial deposits and mining can be illustrated very well from the situation existing in different parts of Spain during the period of Roman rule .
the differing requirements of working alluvial deposits and mining can be illustrated very well from the situation [being] in different parts of spain during the period of roman rule .

As the forces of production change and develop , as men acquire new skills , fashion new implements , discover new raw materials , a point is reached at which the existing structure of society becomes an obstacle to further development .
as the forces of production change and develop , as men acquire new skills , fashion new implements , discover new raw materials , a point is reached at which the [being] structure of society becomes an obstacle to further development .

’ Throughout they were distinguished by their ‘ extremism , intolerance , maximalism , irreconcilability with the existing order , doctrinaire faith in theory , idealization of violence , dedication to revolution [ and ] indifference to the means used .
’ throughout they were distinguished by their ‘ extremism , intolerance , maximalism , irreconcilability with the [being] order , doctrinaire faith in theory , idealization of violence , dedication to revolution [ and ] indifference to the means used .

As modernization proceeded , the overwhelming majority of graduates became healthily integrated within existing society .
as modernization proceeded , the overwhelming majority of graduates became healthily integrated within [being] society .

Most came to terms with the constraints of the existing order but a radical wing refused to do so and dreamed of a society run on rational lines laid down by acknowledged experts ( themselves ) — a society they dubbed ‘ socialist ’ .
most came to terms with the constraints of the [being] order but a radical wing refused to do so and dreamed of a society run on rational lines laid down by acknowledged experts ( themselves ) — a society they dubbed ‘ socialist ’ .

Even before the abject failure of the People 's Will conspiracy , many radicals were aware that on their own they could not overthrow the existing order .
even before the abject failure of the people 's will conspiracy , many radicals were aware that on their own they could not overthrow the [being] order .

These penalties should be proportionate to the gravity of the offence , but as mild as possible in contrast to the ‘ useless prodigality of torments ’ which characterized the existing system .
these penalties should be proportionate to the gravity of the offence , but as mild as possible in contrast to the ‘ useless prodigality of torments ’ which characterized the [being] system .

Classicism grew out of the Enlightenment , the eighteenth-century philosophical movement which stressed the importance of human reason and which undertook the critical reappraisal of existing ideas and social institutions .
classicism grew out of the enlightenment , the eighteenth-century philosophical movement which stressed the importance of human reason and which undertook the critical reappraisal of [being] ideas and social institutions .

This impurity of the real world can be seen in the existing English system : the justifications for punishment accepted by the Court of Appeal include retribution , deterrence , denunciation and reform ( and probably all the others as well ) in a promiscuously eclectic mixture .
this impurity of the real world can be seen in the [being] english system : the justifications for punishment accepted by the court of appeal include retribution , deterrence , denunciation and reform ( and probably all the others as well ) in a promiscuously eclectic mixture .

Positivism in turn can be seen as a set of ideas tending to reinforce the ideological domination ( or ‘ hegemony ’ ) of the bourgeois class at a yet later stage when it had become the ruling class in Europe : if criminal actions can be described as the result of mindless pathology rather than rational choice this both absolves capitalism of any blame for crime and helps to delegi-timize protest against the existing order ( Taylor et al .
positivism in turn can be seen as a set of ideas tending to reinforce the ideological domination ( or ‘ hegemony ’ ) of the bourgeois class at a yet later stage when it had become the ruling class in europe : if criminal actions can be described as the result of mindless pathology rather than rational choice this both absolves capitalism of any blame for crime and helps to delegi-timize protest against the [being] order ( taylor et al .

Equally important was the ideological factor of consent : in a situation of hegemony , subordinate classes ‘ consent ’ to the existing social relations because they are effectively represented as being universally beneficial .
equally important was the ideological factor of consent : in a situation of hegemony , subordinate classes ‘ consent ’ to the [being] social relations because they are effectively represented as being universally beneficial .

The production of this consent is one vital task for the state , and one necessary component of the continual reproduction of existing social relations .
the production of this consent is one vital task for the state , and one necessary component of the continual reproduction of [being] social relations .

Law can function ideologically , to legitimate the existing order and ‘ mystify ’ subordinate classes into acquiescence ( what Gramsci called ‘ consent ’ ) .
law can function ideologically , to legitimate the [being] order and ‘ mystify ’ subordinate classes into acquiescence ( what gramsci called ‘ consent ’ ) .

This is particularly unlikely to happen if , as is often the case , guide-lines are constructed with reference to existing sentencing levels .
this is particularly unlikely to happen if , as is often the case , guide-lines are constructed with reference to [being] sentencing levels .

Ashworth suggests that the three main tasks for such a body would be , firstly , to establish a coherent set of sentencing aims and principles ; secondly , to review and reduce sentencing levels for the offences most frequently encountered ; and thirdly , to devise a set of general principles which could be used to assist courts in exercising their discretion when dealing with such problems as persistent or multiple offenders , or those in breach of existing court orders .
ashworth suggests that the three main tasks for such a body would be , firstly , to establish a coherent set of sentencing aims and principles ; secondly , to review and reduce sentencing levels for the offences most frequently encountered ; and thirdly , to devise a set of general principles which could be used to assist courts in exercising their discretion when dealing with such problems as persistent or multiple offenders , or those in breach of [being] court orders .

The Romans found an existing road pattern which went back to Neolithic times and which followed the natural corridors of movement suggested by the topography .
the romans found an [being] road pattern which went back to neolithic times and which followed the natural corridors of movement suggested by the topography .

In many cases the Romans merely paved the existing roadways , but their needs were not always those of their predecessors , and they were obliged to pioneer new routes .
in many cases the romans merely paved the [being] roadways , but their needs were not always those of their predecessors , and they were obliged to pioneer new routes .

Many of those who settled in Dalmatia mixed with the existing Croat population .
many of those who settled in dalmatia mixed with the [being] croat population .

Given the validity of this theoretical result , the size and direction of this correlation for existing futures can be used to draw inferences about the effect of marking to the market on futures prices .
given the validity of this theoretical result , the size and direction of this correlation for [being] futures can be used to draw inferences about the effect of marking to the market on futures prices .

This strategy will be profitable until the sum of the transactions costs of selling the existing share portfolio and buying the index future ( including the roll-over costs , if any ) exceeds the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .
this strategy will be profitable until the sum of the transactions costs of selling the [being] share portfolio and buying the index future ( including the roll-over costs , if any ) exceeds the deviation from the no-arbitrage condition .

Multimedia title distribution would rely heavily , at least at the outset , on the existing computer products distribution infrastructure — computer stores , software-only stores and direct mail .
multimedia title distribution would rely heavily , at least at the outset , on the [being] computer products distribution infrastructure — computer stores , software-only stores and direct mail .

‘ The expansion of our Banbury shop is part of a programme to improve our existing shop base as well as open new shops , ’ said Mr Heneage .
‘ the expansion of our banbury shop is part of a programme to improve our [being] shop base as well as open new shops , ’ said mr heneage .

Although Lord Cairns regarded the principles applicable as extremely simple , it seems clear that the common law was faced by a new and important problem which could not be solved by merely applying the existing authorities .
although lord cairns regarded the principles applicable as extremely simple , it seems clear that the common law was faced by a new and important problem which could not be solved by merely applying the [being] authorities .

True , in the judgment itself it might appear that the court was making a pontifical statement of existing principle rather than laying down a new rule , for they regarded their own proposition as having been anticipated by Holt .
true , in the judgment itself it might appear that the court was making a pontifical statement of [being] principle rather than laying down a new rule , for they regarded their own proposition as having been anticipated by holt .

’ Indeed , the Court of Appeal has indicated that the law laid down in Lonrho has effectively resulted in the unlawful means category no longer existing in any meaningful form ; but until the law is finally clarified by the House of Lords it seems justifiable to continue to speak of two forms of the tort .
’ indeed , the court of appeal has indicated that the law laid down in lonrho has effectively resulted in the unlawful means category no longer [being] in any meaningful form ; but until the law is finally clarified by the house of lords it seems justifiable to continue to speak of two forms of the tort .

Before they lost office the Conservatives also responded to the growing evidence on the extent of poverty , and the inadequacies of existing measures , by setting up a Royal Commission on the Poor Laws in 1905 .
before they lost office the conservatives also responded to the growing evidence on the extent of poverty , and the inadequacies of [being] measures , by setting up a royal commission on the poor laws in 1905 .

While little attempt was made to alter the character of the patchwork of health services available in the inter war period , all the parties that were to be involved in their transformation in the 1940s were beginning to examine the weaknesses of the existing provision and to formulate alternatives .
while little attempt was made to alter the character of the patchwork of health services available in the inter war period , all the parties that were to be involved in their transformation in the 1940s were beginning to examine the weaknesses of the [being] provision and to formulate alternatives .

This recommended the adoption of a contributory social security system which improved on the existing system by protecting all citizens in sickness , unemployment and old age .
this recommended the adoption of a contributory social security system which improved on the [being] system by protecting all citizens in sickness , unemployment and old age .

The Children Act consolidated the existing child care legislation , and created departments in which professional social work practice would develop in child care , and in due course in work with families .
the children act consolidated the [being] child care legislation , and created departments in which professional social work practice would develop in child care , and in due course in work with families .

The emphasis upon the weaknesses of existing social security policies for the relief of poverty led to a reappraisal of those policies .
the emphasis upon the weaknesses of [being] social security policies for the relief of poverty led to a reappraisal of those policies .

The overwhelming majority of these will be just existing ways of doing things .
the overwhelming majority of these will be just [being] ways of doing things .

Existing policies keep most people occupied most of the time .
[being] policies keep most people occupied most of the time .

Many of them will derive from weaknesses in existing policies that have been recognized within the department , and that administrators are striving to correct .
many of them will derive from weaknesses in [being] policies that have been recognized within the department , and that administrators are striving to correct .

Some , moreover , will have their roots in changes in the world upon which existing policies operate , changes that are making those policies unsuccessful or irrelevant .
some , moreover , will have their roots in changes in the world upon which [being] policies operate , changes that are making those policies unsuccessful or irrelevant .

Of course it is often possible to distinguish ‘ strong ’ and ‘ weak ’ ministers ; but it must not be forgotten that the comparatively temporary incumbent of the top position of a large organization may be just lucky or unlucky — in arriving when key advisers are likely to agree that exciting innovations are necessary , or conversely in finding that the consolidation of existing policies , or the confronting of unpleasant realities , is more important than the policy changes he or she cherishes .
of course it is often possible to distinguish ‘ strong ’ and ‘ weak ’ ministers ; but it must not be forgotten that the comparatively temporary incumbent of the top position of a large organization may be just lucky or unlucky — in arriving when key advisers are likely to agree that exciting innovations are necessary , or conversely in finding that the consolidation of [being] policies , or the confronting of unpleasant realities , is more important than the policy changes he or she cherishes .

It has been stressed that there are strong forces in favour of the maintenance of existing policy , and that many new initiatives are in fact derived from concerns not so much to innovate as to correct the imperfections of existing policies .
it has been stressed that there are strong forces in favour of the maintenance of [being] policy , and that many new initiatives are in fact derived from concerns not so much to innovate as to correct the imperfections of [being] policies .

While the use of the New Town device is now being discontinued , British governments continue to experiment with approaches to urban renewal which bypass existing agencies .
while the use of the new town device is now being discontinued , british governments continue to experiment with approaches to urban renewal which bypass [being] agencies .

This recommended the creation of a specialist children 's service to replace the existing provision , which was fragmented among various departments , including public assistance .
this recommended the creation of a specialist children 's service to replace the [being] provision , which was fragmented among various departments , including public assistance .

Most local surveys on the prevalence of disability indicated that existing registers were badly understating it .
most local surveys on the prevalence of disability indicated that [being] registers were badly understating it .

Some people argued that it should be possible to run down the existing hospitals almost entirely , replacing them by short-stay psychiatric units at general hospitals and long-term care within the community .
some people argued that it should be possible to run down the [being] hospitals almost entirely , replacing them by short-stay psychiatric units at general hospitals and long-term care within the community .

However much one wanted to run down the existing hospitals , demand for beds would keep them open unless patients were quite unscrupulously discharged while still needing considerable care .
however much one wanted to run down the [being] hospitals , demand for beds would keep them open unless patients were quite unscrupulously discharged while still needing considerable care .

Hopes for alternative provision must not be allowed to stifle any change or improvement within existing hospitals .
hopes for alternative provision must not be allowed to stifle any change or improvement within [being] hospitals .

The Commission was made up of a wide range of eminent people involved in the existing mental health services , and it took evidence from a variety of those involved in the care of this group .
the commission was made up of a wide range of eminent people involved in the [being] mental health services , and it took evidence from a variety of those involved in the care of this group .

The Redcliffe-Maud Report proposed radical changes to create a reduced number of unitary authorities , responsible for the provision of all services , to replace the existing pattern of 172 first-tier counties and county boroughs and over 1,200 second-tier district authorities .
the redcliffe-maud report proposed radical changes to create a reduced number of unitary authorities , responsible for the provision of all services , to replace the [being] pattern of 172 first-tier counties and county boroughs and over 1,200 second-tier district authorities .

The growth of the social services to cope with existing social problems has necessitated the development of whole new professions to cope with the work .
the growth of the social services to cope with [being] social problems has necessitated the development of whole new professions to cope with the work .

Others managed to negotiate favourable terms with their existing providers , thus achieving savings without affecting referral patterns .
others managed to negotiate favourable terms with their [being] providers , thus achieving savings without affecting referral patterns .

These proposals add little to existing , though rarely used , provisions for guardianship under the Mental Health Act 1983 .
these proposals add little to [being] , though rarely used , provisions for guardianship under the mental health act 1983 .

There have been problems , however , in obtaining a suitable cap that fits existing bottles : leakage and ‘ cap locking ’ have arrived .
there have been problems , however , in obtaining a suitable cap that fits [being] bottles : leakage and ‘ cap locking ’ have arrived .

You go in with two identical phones ; you take the existing ones out .
you go in with two identical phones ; you take the [being] ones out .

The appropriateness of existing policy provision is assessed by exploring some of the financial consequences and other implications of job loss for a group of redundant women .
the appropriateness of [being] policy provision is assessed by exploring some of the financial consequences and other implications of job loss for a group of redundant women .

With his leg and one thing and another it does make a difference having a ‘ phone … Now it 's like robbing Peter to pay Paul , you 're not living you 're just existing .
with his leg and one thing and another it does make a difference having a ‘ phone … now it 's like robbing peter to pay paul , you 're not living you 're just [being] .

Up to and including the 1988 social security changes , the basic policy response to the growing numbers of lone-parent families has been to add to or modify the existing system of benefits rather than make any fundamental changes .
up to and including the 1988 social security changes , the basic policy response to the growing numbers of lone-parent families has been to add to or modify the [being] system of benefits rather than make any fundamental changes .

Both newly separating couples and already existing lone-parent families will be brought into the scheme , which means that existing maintenance orders will be re-assessed according to the formula .
both newly separating couples and already [being] lone-parent families will be brought into the scheme , which means that [being] maintenance orders will be re-assessed according to the formula .

We 're just existing barely … Going into the butcher 's shop and asking ‘ You got some bones for the dog ?
we 're just [being] barely … going into the butcher 's shop and asking ‘ you got some bones for the dog ?

An existing area of higher education remains ‘ an opportunity ’ and ‘ a challenge ’ ( for which read ‘ under-served ’ and ‘ difficult ’ ) — that of further education .
an [being] area of higher education remains ‘ an opportunity ’ and ‘ a challenge ’ ( for which read ‘ under-served ’ and ‘ difficult ’ ) — that of further education .

Viglen has launched the Contender series ; a range of bargain-priced 486s to complement its existing Genie models .
viglen has launched the contender series ; a range of bargain-priced 486s to complement its [being] genie models .

Then there 's the mountain of existing database applications .
then there 's the mountain of [being] database applications .

Stick with a non-Windows solution and you 'll be maximizing your existing investment — without having to waste time converting your data , and without having to relearn or reprogram .
stick with a non-windows solution and you 'll be maximizing your [being] investment — without having to waste time converting your data , and without having to relearn or reprogram .

But dBase is no slouch , and there have been no major bug reports , or complaints about existing files failing to run , so maybe the chosen mix is good enough .
but dbase is no slouch , and there have been no major bug reports , or complaints about [being] files failing to run , so maybe the chosen mix is good enough .

dBase is well worth considering if you 're a real database pro , if you 've got lots of existing dBase applications , or if you 've invested time and effort in building up your dBase expertise .
dbase is well worth considering if you 're a real database pro , if you 've got lots of [being] dbase applications , or if you 've invested time and effort in building up your dbase expertise .

It lets existing Windows programs recognize the pen as if it were a mouse .
it lets [being] windows programs recognize the pen as if it were a mouse .

How well is the machine designed — can you reach everything easily ? How many drive bays does it have , and will all the cables inside the machine reach them easily ? How smoothly will existing drives come out ? How many screws are needed to fit a new one ?
how well is the machine designed — can you reach everything easily ? how many drive bays does it have , and will all the cables inside the machine reach them easily ? how smoothly will [being] drives come out ? how many screws are needed to fit a new one ?

Unless stopped at once it is likely to upset friendly relations existing between Australia and England .
unless stopped at once it is likely to upset friendly relations [being] between australia and england .

The grant was established two years ago to kick-start developments and not to replace funding of existing services .
the grant was established two years ago to kick-start developments and not to replace funding of [being] services .

Now there is a waiting list of would-be residents for vacancies in existing houses or in new ones , and parents in Providence , Rhode Island , have asked the Wizanskys to help them set up a similar scheme .
now there is a waiting list of would-be residents for vacancies in [being] houses or in new ones , and parents in providence , rhode island , have asked the wizanskys to help them set up a similar scheme .

The process will be contingent on existing regulation in the countries , the opportunities that may arise , and the strength of opposition to change .
the process will be contingent on [being] regulation in the countries , the opportunities that may arise , and the strength of opposition to change .

Collaborative change , with negotiation between professional groups and the state , may be the best way forward , but without strong government control it risks becoming little more than a tinkering with the existing system .
collaborative change , with negotiation between professional groups and the state , may be the best way forward , but without strong government control it risks becoming little more than a tinkering with the [being] system .

It will include papers on all aspects of proposed new screening tests and on improvements to existing tests together with regular critical reviews .
it will include papers on all aspects of proposed new screening tests and on improvements to [being] tests together with regular critical reviews .

My practice has not encountered serious practical problems different from those of other fundholders and it seems to remove some of the difficulties of the existing scheme in that it resolves the problem of what referrals are within the range of services that can be purchased .
my practice has not encountered serious practical problems different from those of other fundholders and it seems to remove some of the difficulties of the [being] scheme in that it resolves the problem of what referrals are within the range of services that can be purchased .

( 1 ) Greatly increased administrative workload — Even with the existing generous management and computerisation allowances , fundholding involves general practitioners in considerable extra administrative work , over and above that already entailed by the new contract .
( 1 ) greatly increased administrative workload — even with the [being] generous management and computerisation allowances , fundholding involves general practitioners in considerable extra administrative work , over and above that already entailed by the new contract .

District health authority contracts fail to cover hospitals ' existing work rate .
district health authority contracts fail to cover hospitals ' [being] work rate .

It has simply encouraged existing subscribers to switch from non-qualifying to qualifying policies .
it has simply encouraged [being] subscribers to switch from non-qualifying to qualifying policies .

By lowering the market price from what existing subscribers had already shown they were willing to pay the scheme has decreased the efficiency of this sector of the health care market .
by lowering the market price from what [being] subscribers had already shown they were willing to pay the scheme has decreased the efficiency of this sector of the health care market .

Little of these paltry sums is likely to be new money , most being sliced off existing allocations .
little of these paltry sums is likely to be new money , most being sliced off [being] allocations .

Existing partners may soon find the new strains too great to cope with and may choose to leave to avoid ‘ burn out .
[being] partners may soon find the new strains too great to cope with and may choose to leave to avoid ‘ burn out .

The first perceived fault in the existing systems is the lack of common procedures for complaints against hospital staff and general practitioners , and for clinical and non-clinical problems .
the first perceived fault in the [being] systems is the lack of common procedures for complaints against hospital staff and general practitioners , and for clinical and non-clinical problems .

To preserve the image and integrity of the profession and to build bridges between the existing gaps in our service it is necessary to unite and not to create divisions with personal prejudices .
to preserve the image and integrity of the profession and to build bridges between the [being] gaps in our service it is necessary to unite and not to create divisions with personal prejudices .

There is no recognised project in the north of England at this stage and on the basis of existing interest it is likely that there will be an 80 % uptake of general practitioner fundholders by the third wave , covering a similar ratio of the district 's population .
there is no recognised project in the north of england at this stage and on the basis of [being] interest it is likely that there will be an 80 % uptake of general practitioner fundholders by the third wave , covering a similar ratio of the district 's population .

The formula dictating how social security budgets are transferred to local authorities discriminates against Southwark and most other inner city authorities in London which have few existing private and voluntary providers within their boundaries .
the formula dictating how social security budgets are transferred to local authorities discriminates against southwark and most other inner city authorities in london which have few [being] private and voluntary providers within their boundaries .

In 1991 , however , a year long review and revision of existing targets was initiated , and the results were published in February 1993 .
in 1991 , however , a year long review and revision of [being] targets was initiated , and the results were published in february 1993 .

There was a church on this spot in the ninth century , and part of the existing building dates back to the thirteenth century ( including the tower which houses the record-breaking clock ) .
there was a church on this spot in the ninth century , and part of the [being] building dates back to the thirteenth century ( including the tower which houses the record-breaking clock ) .

In order to do this health authorities must have comprehensive information about the existing use of health care .
in order to do this health authorities must have comprehensive information about the [being] use of health care .

Survival time — Theoretically , a drug may increase cancer incidence either by causing new cancers or by accelerating the growth of existing cancers .
survival time — theoretically , a drug may increase cancer incidence either by causing new cancers or by accelerating the growth of [being] cancers .

Referrers also agreed to pass on relevant new information ( giving advance notice to social services of cold admissions to hospital if social care might be needed on discharge , and notifying changes in circumstances of existing social services clients ) .
referrers also agreed to pass on relevant new information ( giving advance notice to social services of cold admissions to hospital if social care might be needed on discharge , and notifying changes in circumstances of [being] social services clients ) .

Although the government has ruled out legislation , many organisations are calling for an age discrimination act similar to the existing Race Relations Act 1976 and Sex Discrimination Act 1975 and 1986 .
although the government has ruled out legislation , many organisations are calling for an age discrimination act similar to the [being] race relations act 1976 and sex discrimination act 1975 and 1986 .

Proposals for meeting the challenges posed by changes in the workforce and patterns of work include calls for the total elimination of mandatory retirement ages and changes to existing employment laws which discriminate against the over 60s .
proposals for meeting the challenges posed by changes in the workforce and patterns of work include calls for the total elimination of mandatory retirement ages and changes to [being] employment laws which discriminate against the over 60s .

They could be continued on the basis of efficacy studies in experimental animals and existing data in humans .
they could be continued on the basis of efficacy studies in experimental animals and [being] data in humans .

It seems you need a person like that to actually change the existing order .
it seems you need a person like that to actually change the [being] order .

Existing from year to year saps staff morale and increases staff turnover .
[being] from year to year saps staff morale and increases staff turnover .

The initial growth of CMHTs seems to have been based on assumptions that traditional professional practices could be transformed by organising existing staff ( or existing kinds of professional workers ) in new ways .
the initial growth of cmhts seems to have been based on assumptions that traditional professional practices could be transformed by organising [being] staff ( or [being] kinds of professional workers ) in new ways .

First , an existing management problem — how do they provide the best possible for those already in residential homes ? secondly — a development problem — how to use valuable resources — staff and buildings in the future .
first , an [being] management problem — how do they provide the best possible for those already in residential homes ? secondly — a development problem — how to use valuable resources — staff and buildings in the future .

In Strathclyde , we decided that our strategy would be to address the existing management and development issues in a general way by raising the profile of the needs of dementia sufferers and their carers across the Region — and obviously initiatives and educational material were invaluable in this and also by developing a training package , aimed at care staff in residential , day and domiciliary settings .
in strathclyde , we decided that our strategy would be to address the [being] management and development issues in a general way by raising the profile of the needs of dementia sufferers and their carers across the region — and obviously initiatives and educational material were invaluable in this and also by developing a training package , aimed at care staff in residential , day and domiciliary settings .

There were 229 new referrals from general practice , most of whom had previously received one or more courses of antibiotic treatment ; 155 existing patients who showed little or no clinical improvement after at least three months ' antibiotic treatment ; and 84 patients sampled for other reasons ( mainly anxiety and screening after treatment with isotretinoin ) .
there were 229 new referrals from general practice , most of whom had previously received one or more courses of antibiotic treatment ; 155 [being] patients who showed little or no clinical improvement after at least three months ' antibiotic treatment ; and 84 patients sampled for other reasons ( mainly anxiety and screening after treatment with isotretinoin ) .

The general ethical approach applied to therapeutic trials , namely that there should be an approximate balance between expected benefit and possible risk to each individual in the trial ( so justifying the allocation of patients at random to a new or existing treatment ) is less relevant in certain prevention trials .
the general ethical approach applied to therapeutic trials , namely that there should be an approximate balance between expected benefit and possible risk to each individual in the trial ( so justifying the allocation of patients at random to a new or [being] treatment ) is less relevant in certain prevention trials .

Too little is done to implement existing preventive knowledge or to develop preventive strategies known to be effective .
too little is done to implement [being] preventive knowledge or to develop preventive strategies known to be effective .

of the world not existing at all .
of the world not [being] at all .

In order to be able to explain what is involved in saying that something actually exists , it is necessary first to clarify the characteristic features of man 's own manner of existing .
in order to be able to explain what is involved in saying that something actually exists , it is necessary first to clarify the characteristic features of man 's own manner of [being] .

Nor are such species of thought or thought-modalities capable of existing independently of individual acts of thinking .
nor are such species of thought or thought-modalities capable of [being] independently of individual acts of thinking .

Potential ontological existents are topics that are in principle capable of existing independently of individual acts of thought of which they are objects , and meanings can not so exist .
potential ontological existents are topics that are in principle capable of [being] independently of individual acts of thought of which they are objects , and meanings can not so exist .

What has to be decided is which non-meanings may be significantly regarded as existing `` in their own right `` , and which can not be so regarded ; what conditions must be fulfilled before a claim that a given topic does so exist can be accepted as meaningful ?
what has to be decided is which non-meanings may be significantly regarded as [being] `` in their own right `` , and which can not be so regarded ; what conditions must be fulfilled before a claim that a given topic does so exist can be accepted as meaningful ?

Does this give us the clue we need ? Can the distinction , that is , between names , conceived as purely referential simple symbols , and descriptions , enable us to gain a clearer insight into the concept of an ontological existent , i.e. an item existing " per se " , on the one hand , and the " constructed " superstructure of — convenient , and not so convenient — " fictions " , on the other ?
does this give us the clue we need ? can the distinction , that is , between names , conceived as purely referential simple symbols , and descriptions , enable us to gain a clearer insight into the concept of an ontological existent , i.e. an item [being] " per se " , on the one hand , and the " constructed " superstructure of — convenient , and not so convenient — " fictions " , on the other ?

This is part of what is meant by an ontological existent ( qua item existing in the modus `` per se `` ) .
this is part of what is meant by an ontological existent ( qua item [being] in the modus `` per se `` ) .

Changing this would require a vast input of resources : the best way forward would be to capitalise on all the training opportunities thrown up by the existing system .
changing this would require a vast input of resources : the best way forward would be to capitalise on all the training opportunities thrown up by the [being] system .

The group participates at all stages of the process , including defining needs , revising draft contacts , monitoring existing services through visits or surveys , and contributing to planning future services .
the group participates at all stages of the process , including defining needs , revising draft contacts , monitoring [being] services through visits or surveys , and contributing to planning future services .

’ There seems little prospect of the pain clinics in this study meeting these targets and maintaining their service within the constraints of existing resources .
’ there seems little prospect of the pain clinics in this study meeting these targets and maintaining their service within the constraints of [being] resources .

Since 1954 the Soviets had developed a new proposal to resolve European security problems , whereby all existing European borders would be recognised in an arrangement involving Eastern and Western bloc states .
since 1954 the soviets had developed a new proposal to resolve european security problems , whereby all [being] european borders would be recognised in an arrangement involving eastern and western bloc states .

Once such a framework has been established , the emphasis is on finding new methods of dating finds and ways of refining existing methods to increase accuracy .
once such a framework has been established , the emphasis is on finding new methods of dating finds and ways of refining [being] methods to increase accuracy .

Yet nowhere in the existing research or literature does this need appear to be acknowledged , let alone addressed .
yet nowhere in the [being] research or literature does this need appear to be acknowledged , let alone addressed .

The self-supporting framework builds on the children 's existing collective resources : their knowledge and experience , their social relationships , their capacity to support and stimulate one another through shared interests and concerns .
the self-supporting framework builds on the children 's [being] collective resources : their knowledge and experience , their social relationships , their capacity to support and stimulate one another through shared interests and concerns .

This was built into the developing environment from the start , and continued to receive attention as and when the opportunity arose to help the children expand their existing range of choices .
this was built into the developing environment from the start , and continued to receive attention as and when the opportunity arose to help the children expand their [being] range of choices .

Through her interactions with the children , the teacher is engaged in a continual process of crafting and recrafting the environment , building on their existing collaborative resources , and gradually extending the range of collaboration which children choose and are able to engage in by themselves .
through her interactions with the children , the teacher is engaged in a continual process of crafting and recrafting the environment , building on their [being] collaborative resources , and gradually extending the range of collaboration which children choose and are able to engage in by themselves .

Discussing statements like these and saying whether they agree with them or not gives children an opportunity to consider views which conflict with their own and to modify their existing views .
discussing statements like these and saying whether they agree with them or not gives children an opportunity to consider views which conflict with their own and to modify their [being] views .

If children are fully involved in planning an investigation , then further evidence of their existing ideas can be gained from their suggestions as to what should be tested and how .
if children are fully involved in planning an investigation , then further evidence of their [being] ideas can be gained from their suggestions as to what should be tested and how .

All other references are to existing students , although names have been changed .
all other references are to [being] students , although names have been changed .

is concerned with planning the transformation of existing institutions and with radical change in the distribution of resources , status and power between different groups .
is concerned with planning the transformation of [being] institutions and with radical change in the distribution of resources , status and power between different groups .

It sets out to question existing policies and services , not as an end in itself , but in terms of their adequacy as means of distributing resources .
it sets out to question [being] policies and services , not as an end in itself , but in terms of their adequacy as means of distributing resources .

This has to be distinguished very carefully from that kind of reformism which is simply concerned with the amelioration of an existing capitalist social order .
this has to be distinguished very carefully from that kind of reformism which is simply concerned with the amelioration of an [being] capitalist social order .

Thus Chapter 9 is about what policies , both local and national , will be necessary as components of a structural programme concerned with the effective redistribution of resources and power and with the transformation of the existing social order through a process of cultural revolution .
thus chapter 9 is about what policies , both local and national , will be necessary as components of a structural programme concerned with the effective redistribution of resources and power and with the transformation of the [being] social order through a process of cultural revolution .

the state selectively favours those groups whose acquiescence and support are crucial to the untroubled continuity of the existing order : oligopoly capital and organized labour .
the state selectively favours those groups whose acquiescence and support are crucial to the untroubled continuity of the [being] order : oligopoly capital and organized labour .

This was not the case with the relocated banksides on the Meadowell where the existing distinction was perpetuated .
this was not the case with the relocated banksides on the meadowell where the [being] distinction was perpetuated .

Housing issues in the 1970s were more concerned with existing stock than with new developments .
housing issues in the 1970s were more concerned with [being] stock than with new developments .

In addition , Seaton Valley cleared most of the existing colliery housing in the existing pit villages and rehoused their residents in new developments in Cramlington .
in addition , seaton valley cleared most of the [being] colliery housing in the [being] pit villages and rehoused their residents in new developments in cramlington .

In Cramlington , the intentions of the Northumberland Structure Plan , which in any event reflected existing planning policy , have been more or less observed in practice .
in cramlington , the intentions of the northumberland structure plan , which in any event reflected [being] planning policy , have been more or less observed in practice .

The objectives in relation to each area were to control urban sprawl and preserve the inner areas as housing locations , to use land availability as part of a programme of economic regeneration and preserve sites suitable for large-scale developments , and to maintain existing shopping centres in a viable condition .
the objectives in relation to each area were to control urban sprawl and preserve the inner areas as housing locations , to use land availability as part of a programme of economic regeneration and preserve sites suitable for large-scale developments , and to maintain [being] shopping centres in a viable condition .

Admirable as the desire is to ensure that these builders have the opportunity to construct the dwellings that the public will want to buy , the special position of Tyne and Wear , the real shortage of new land , makes it essential in planning terms that existing urban areas should be scoured for land upon which to build .
admirable as the desire is to ensure that these builders have the opportunity to construct the dwellings that the public will want to buy , the special position of tyne and wear , the real shortage of new land , makes it essential in planning terms that [being] urban areas should be scoured for land upon which to build .

In general it is likely that builders will prefer the additional green field land to the substantive existing provision within the built-up area .
in general it is likely that builders will prefer the additional green field land to the substantive [being] provision within the built-up area .

Objections during consultation came from district councils concerned with the relative status given to existing shopping centres .
objections during consultation came from district councils concerned with the relative status given to [being] shopping centres .

The first large non-industrial development here was the opening of a retail furniture and carpet warehouse in the existing Arborite factory on Chirton Estate in 1983 .
the first large non-industrial development here was the opening of a retail furniture and carpet warehouse in the [being] arborite factory on chirton estate in 1983 .

This is the appeal which involves a review of an existing line of authority without any reconsideration of it .
this is the appeal which involves a review of an [being] line of authority without any reconsideration of it .

Again there will be no loss of existing rights of audience ; solicitors will be recognized as having competence to be advocates in the lower courts .
again there will be no loss of [being] rights of audience ; solicitors will be recognized as having competence to be advocates in the lower courts .

Each Inn is governed by benchers appointed by existing benchers .
each inn is governed by benchers appointed by [being] benchers .

The obvious impact of these principles has been to graft the legal aid scheme onto the existing structure of private practice .
the obvious impact of these principles has been to graft the legal aid scheme onto the [being] structure of private practice .

Although , therefore , the seizure was not intended to be permanent , conventual houses were largely unmolested , and wherever possible existing religious were allowed to farm the alien priories , the protraction of the war and the intention of the king to profit from this source as much as possible led to the permanent secularization of some monastic lands , and the extended management and farming of others by laymen as well as by royal clerks .
although , therefore , the seizure was not intended to be permanent , conventual houses were largely unmolested , and wherever possible [being] religious were allowed to farm the alien priories , the protraction of the war and the intention of the king to profit from this source as much as possible led to the permanent secularization of some monastic lands , and the extended management and farming of others by laymen as well as by royal clerks .

The problem seems to lie , as it lay for the requirement that there be no relevant falsehood , in the way in which new true beliefs can be added piecemeal and overturn the existing justification , while there remain yet further truths waiting in the background to overturn the overturning .
the problem seems to lie , as it lay for the requirement that there be no relevant falsehood , in the way in which new true beliefs can be added piecemeal and overturn the [being] justification , while there remain yet further truths waiting in the background to overturn the overturning .

Existing knowledge in the receiver of a message , and the correct assessment of the extent of that knowledge by the sender , are essential for successful communication .
[being] knowledge in the receiver of a message , and the correct assessment of the extent of that knowledge by the sender , are essential for successful communication .

The suggestion is that computers can be programmed to process discourse in a similar way to human beings , though the complexity of human language competence and human knowledge are far greater than those of any existing computer .
the suggestion is that computers can be programmed to process discourse in a similar way to human beings , though the complexity of human language competence and human knowledge are far greater than those of any [being] computer .

On the other hand , successful communication must work within the framework of the receiver 's existing knowledge ; it must not make too many demands .
on the other hand , successful communication must work within the framework of the receiver 's [being] knowledge ; it must not make too many demands .

We need now to turn our attention to existing exercises and activities for the language learner , and to assess the degree to which , by taking discoursal factors into account , they can help to develop effective communication .
we need now to turn our attention to [being] exercises and activities for the language learner , and to assess the degree to which , by taking discoursal factors into account , they can help to develop effective communication .

In this section , where we are concerned with the development of discourse skills in students and the degree to which existing materials help this development , we shall proceed in the opposite direction from that of Section One and move top-down through the levels of discourse described in Figure 8 .
in this section , where we are concerned with the development of discourse skills in students and the degree to which [being] materials help this development , we shall proceed in the opposite direction from that of section one and move top-down through the levels of discourse described in figure 8 .

Discourse which underestimates the degree of existing knowledge becomes boring ; discourse which overestimates it becomes incomprehensible .
discourse which underestimates the degree of [being] knowledge becomes boring ; discourse which overestimates it becomes incomprehensible .

We may take a piece of existing discourse , and add more information into it ; then instruct students to remove surplus information in order to pitch the discourse for a specified receiver . Taking , for example , the biographical sketch of Ernest Hemingway which we analysed in 5.4 , we might expand it as follows :
we may take a piece of [being] discourse , and add more information into it ; then instruct students to remove surplus information in order to pitch the discourse for a specified receiver . taking , for example , the biographical sketch of ernest hemingway which we analysed in 5.4 , we might expand it as follows :

Rochester & Martin attempt to describe the connections existing between sentences in discourse of this type , produced by thought-disordered and schizophrenic speakers , in terms of conceptual associations and lexical ties .
rochester & martin attempt to describe the connections [being] between sentences in discourse of this type , produced by thought-disordered and schizophrenic speakers , in terms of conceptual associations and lexical ties .

That is , the reader will be forced to use these ‘ texts ’ to reconstruct , not just some relevant discourse subjects in the presupposition pool , following Venneman , but rather some of the elements of the topic framework existing when these discourse fragments were produced .
that is , the reader will be forced to use these ‘ texts ’ to reconstruct , not just some relevant discourse subjects in the presupposition pool , following venneman , but rather some of the elements of the topic framework [being] when these discourse fragments were produced .

’ One way of solving this problem is to translate the maxim ‘ Be relevant ’ into a more practically useful form as ‘ Make your contribution relevant in terms of the existing topic framework .
’ one way of solving this problem is to translate the maxim ‘ be relevant ’ into a more practically useful form as ‘ make your contribution relevant in terms of the [being] topic framework .

What we have characterised as a convention of conversational discourse — ‘ making your contribution relevant in terms of the existing topic framework ’ — could be captured more succinctly in the expression speaking topically .
what we have characterised as a convention of conversational discourse — ‘ making your contribution relevant in terms of the [being] topic framework ’ — could be captured more succinctly in the expression speaking topically .

Both forms are based on the existing topic framework , but the distinction derives from what each individual speaker treats as the salient elements in the existing topic framework .
both forms are based on the [being] topic framework , but the distinction derives from what each individual speaker treats as the salient elements in the [being] topic framework .

Before we explore the influence of ‘ speaker 's topic ’ , we shall try to illustrate in some detail the way in which conversational participants ‘ speak topically ’ , by making their contributions relevant to the existing topic framework .
before we explore the influence of ‘ speaker 's topic ’ , we shall try to illustrate in some detail the way in which conversational participants ‘ speak topically ’ , by making their contributions relevant to the [being] topic framework .

We have tried to list the connections existing across contributions in this discourse fragment to emphasise the ways speakers make what they 're talking about fit into a framework which represents what we ( as discourse participants ) are talking about in conversational discourse .
we have tried to list the connections [being] across contributions in this discourse fragment to emphasise the ways speakers make what they 're talking about fit into a framework which represents what we ( as discourse participants ) are talking about in conversational discourse .

Each speaker contributes to the conversation in terms of both the existing topic framework and his or her personal topic .
each speaker contributes to the conversation in terms of both the [being] topic framework and his or her personal topic .

Existing examples at that time were Compact and Starr and Company .
[being] examples at that time were compact and starr and company .

Even the historical travelogues , with their resource to tap existing stocks of costumes and sets , were not proving that great as money savers .
even the historical travelogues , with their resource to tap [being] stocks of costumes and sets , were not proving that great as money savers .

The latter two scenes were accomplished by negotiating rights , with Pinewood Studios , to use small segments from existing feature film footage .
the latter two scenes were accomplished by negotiating rights , with pinewood studios , to use small segments from [being] feature film footage .

The reasons why this type of job has arisen in agencies are complex , and reflect weaknesses both in existing agency staffing and structure and in clients ' ability to brief their agencies in the right way .
the reasons why this type of job has arisen in agencies are complex , and reflect weaknesses both in [being] agency staffing and structure and in clients ' ability to brief their agencies in the right way .

to maintain the loyalty of existing buyers , and to encourage them to use more ;
to maintain the loyalty of [being] buyers , and to encourage them to use more ;

If Oxo needs , defensively , to fight off Bovril 's attack , Oxo 's primary target group will be some or all of existing Oxo users : it will be a matter of agonizing argument and discussion to decide whether to go all out to keep regular , heavy Oxo users at all costs , or , instead , to concentrate on lighter — and therefore presumably more vulnerable — users .
if oxo needs , defensively , to fight off bovril 's attack , oxo 's primary target group will be some or all of [being] oxo users : it will be a matter of agonizing argument and discussion to decide whether to go all out to keep regular , heavy oxo users at all costs , or , instead , to concentrate on lighter — and therefore presumably more vulnerable — users .

Existing users of at least some footcare products , especially competitive brands .
[being] users of at least some footcare products , especially competitive brands .

From a production point of view , it can either be obtained ready-made from a music ‘ library ’ , or be specially recorded — whether it is music composed for the commercial or an existing piece .
from a production point of view , it can either be obtained ready-made from a music ‘ library ’ , or be specially recorded — whether it is music composed for the commercial or an [being] piece .

In the case of Dorling Kindersley , there is the prospect of strong profits growth from its existing businesses .
in the case of dorling kindersley , there is the prospect of strong profits growth from its [being] businesses .

There were too many ventures for the existing management resources and expertise within the company ; existing projects should become profitable before yet more were added .
there were too many ventures for the [being] management resources and expertise within the company ; [being] projects should become profitable before yet more were added .

In a feverish rush , an agreement was finally drawn up in the corridors outside the court room , under which Virgin were entitled to one more album of Sting 's songs ( Synchronicity ) and also retained the ‘ exploitation ’ rights on existing material for a further eight to ten years .
in a feverish rush , an agreement was finally drawn up in the corridors outside the court room , under which virgin were entitled to one more album of sting 's songs ( synchronicity ) and also retained the ‘ exploitation ’ rights on [being] material for a further eight to ten years .

There is nothing more boring than not existing .
there is nothing more boring than not [being] .

If you prefer that the algorithm should not invent new weights , but only select existing weights from the parent strings , then the crossover points marked ’ x ’ may only be at the ends of 8-bit sequences .
if you prefer that the algorithm should not invent new weights , but only select [being] weights from the parent strings , then the crossover points marked ’ x ’ may only be at the ends of 8-bit sequences .

‘ the defendant owed no duty of care to the infant plaintiff she being at the time of the collision en ventre sa mère , not an existing person and merely part of her mother .
‘ the defendant owed no duty of care to the infant plaintiff she being at the time of the collision en ventre sa mère , not an [being] person and merely part of her mother .

The foundation is the duty to take care , and whether such a duty exists depends upon a relationship existing , or coming into existence , between the parties which is capable in the particular circumstances of the case of imposing a duty on the one in relation to the other .
the foundation is the duty to take care , and whether such a duty exists depends upon a relationship [being] , or coming into existence , between the parties which is capable in the particular circumstances of the case of imposing a duty on the one in relation to the other .

‘ that , on general principles , an injury transmitted from the actor to a person through his own organic substance , or through his mother , before he became a person , stands on the same footing as an injury transmitted to an existing person through other intervening substances outside him …
‘ that , on general principles , an injury transmitted from the actor to a person through his own organic substance , or through his mother , before he became a person , stands on the same footing as an injury transmitted to an [being] person through other intervening substances outside him …

Mr. Tecks submitted that the European Court of Justice authorities , cited below , show that the crucial words refer to obligations which have their basis in contract or in a closely similar nexus such as that existing between an association and its members , so that the matters in question must be contractual or closely akin to contractual .
mr. tecks submitted that the european court of justice authorities , cited below , show that the crucial words refer to obligations which have their basis in contract or in a closely similar nexus such as that [being] between an association and its members , so that the matters in question must be contractual or closely akin to contractual .

When the modern High Court of Justice was constituted as a superior court of record by the Judicature Act 1873 , by section 16 of that Act the jurisdiction of a large number of existing courts , which are listed by name , was transferred to and vested in the new High Court . The section continues :
when the modern high court of justice was constituted as a superior court of record by the judicature act 1873 , by section 16 of that act the jurisdiction of a large number of [being] courts , which are listed by name , was transferred to and vested in the new high court . the section continues :

In this context , the material before the board indicated — ( 1 ) that investors were persuaded by company representatives employed by the Winchester Group to cancel their existing policies and to ‘ switch ’ to Norwich Union without their best interests and any disadvantages attendant upon so doing necessarily being considered ; ( 2 ) that other undesirable selling practices — for instance ‘ overselling ’ whereby investors are persuaded to take out a range of policies which they may not be able to afford in the long term — have been employed by company representatives selling on behalf of the Winchester Group ; ( 3 ) that the fact find forms completed by the Winchester Group for forwarding to Norwich Union were inadequate for the purposes of ensuring that products were only sold to investors on a ‘ best advice ’ basis ; ( 4 ) that the connections between Mr. Tee and Mr. Kissane ( a former director of the Winchester Group now awaiting trial on charges of theft of client moneys ) and also between the Winchester Group and Mr. Randhir Singh were such as to call into question the extent to which the controllers , directors and senior managers of the Winchester Group could be regarded as being of good character and competent or otherwise suitable to manage the marketing of investment contracts on behalf of Norwich Union and also whether the Winchester Group could be safely regarded as a fit and proper person for the purposes of enjoying appointed representative status ; ( 5 ) that policies had been sold by eight persons engaged by the Winchester Group who had not been appointed as company representatives of Norwich Union or in any other way authorised to sell investment contracts on behalf of Norwich Union and that other individuals who had been appointed as company representatives had not been registered as such with Lautro ; ( 6 ) that certain company representatives engaged by the Winchester Group appeared to be channelling client moneys through their own personal bank accounts .
in this context , the material before the board indicated — ( 1 ) that investors were persuaded by company representatives employed by the winchester group to cancel their [being] policies and to ‘ switch ’ to norwich union without their best interests and any disadvantages attendant upon so doing necessarily being considered ; ( 2 ) that other undesirable selling practices — for instance ‘ overselling ’ whereby investors are persuaded to take out a range of policies which they may not be able to afford in the long term — have been employed by company representatives selling on behalf of the winchester group ; ( 3 ) that the fact find forms completed by the winchester group for forwarding to norwich union were inadequate for the purposes of ensuring that products were only sold to investors on a ‘ best advice ’ basis ; ( 4 ) that the connections between mr. tee and mr. kissane ( a former director of the winchester group now awaiting trial on charges of theft of client moneys ) and also between the winchester group and mr. randhir singh were such as to call into question the extent to which the controllers , directors and senior managers of the winchester group could be regarded as being of good character and competent or otherwise suitable to manage the marketing of investment contracts on behalf of norwich union and also whether the winchester group could be safely regarded as a fit and proper person for the purposes of enjoying appointed representative status ; ( 5 ) that policies had been sold by eight persons engaged by the winchester group who had not been appointed as company representatives of norwich union or in any other way authorised to sell investment contracts on behalf of norwich union and that other individuals who had been appointed as company representatives had not been registered as such with lautro ; ( 6 ) that certain company representatives engaged by the winchester group appeared to be channelling client moneys through their own personal bank accounts .

‘ the Republic of Somalia by their counsel … to give notice of this order to all the existing and intended parties to this action and to Messrs. More Fisher Brown the former representatives of Madame Fatuma-Isaak Bihi .
‘ the republic of somalia by their counsel … to give notice of this order to all the [being] and intended parties to this action and to messrs. more fisher brown the former representatives of madame fatuma-isaak bihi .

( 2 ) That the bank manager , Mr. Williams , was unaware of the circumstances existing between the wife and the husband leading up to the execution of the charge .
( 2 ) that the bank manager , mr. williams , was unaware of the circumstances [being] between the wife and the husband leading up to the execution of the charge .

In any particular case , what steps a prudent creditor should take will depend upon the circumstances existing and the state of knowledge in the creditor .
in any particular case , what steps a prudent creditor should take will depend upon the circumstances [being] and the state of knowledge in the creditor .

Those principles required the elimination , not only of existing restrictions and discrimination relating to the exercise of occupational activities , but also of any barrier which might in practice prevent the effective realisation of those activities .
those principles required the elimination , not only of [being] restrictions and discrimination relating to the exercise of occupational activities , but also of any barrier which might in practice prevent the effective realisation of those activities .

It is not disputed by the Legal Aid Board , and indeed it is obvious , that the existing practice is highly convenient and may avoid unnecessary costs being incurred which would eventually fall on the legal aid fund if it were necessary in every case to set in motion a procedure for filing of evidence .
it is not disputed by the legal aid board , and indeed it is obvious , that the [being] practice is highly convenient and may avoid unnecessary costs being incurred which would eventually fall on the legal aid fund if it were necessary in every case to set in motion a procedure for filing of evidence .

’ If the Legal Aid Board , as the only party adversely affected by the proposed order , has the opportunity to challenge it but decides not to do so , one may ask rhetorically what possible objection of substance there can be to the existing practice .
’ if the legal aid board , as the only party adversely affected by the proposed order , has the opportunity to challenge it but decides not to do so , one may ask rhetorically what possible objection of substance there can be to the [being] practice .

The second to ninth defendants , existing borrowers from the plaintiff building societies , applied for further advances secured against properties to be charged .
the second to ninth defendants , [being] borrowers from the plaintiff building societies , applied for further advances secured against properties to be charged .

‘ It would , in my opinion , introduce an element of quite unwarrantable uncertainty into the relations between the taxpayers and the Exchequer if there could be a wholesale opening up of transactions between them whenever any court put a new interpretation upon an existing statutory provision imposing a tax .
‘ it would , in my opinion , introduce an element of quite unwarrantable uncertainty into the relations between the taxpayers and the exchequer if there could be a wholesale opening up of transactions between them whenever any court put a new interpretation upon an [being] statutory provision imposing a tax .

‘ It would , in my opinion , introduce an element of quite unwarrantable uncertainty into the relations between the taxpayers and the Exchequer if there could be a wholesale opening up of transactions between them whenever any court put a new interpretation upon an existing statutory provision imposing a tax .
‘ it would , in my opinion , introduce an element of quite unwarrantable uncertainty into the relations between the taxpayers and the exchequer if there could be a wholesale opening up of transactions between them whenever any court put a new interpretation upon an [being] statutory provision imposing a tax .

He then went on to consider whether the further proceedings would be against the children 's interests under four heads : ( 1 ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation ; ( 2 ) the fact that , under section 91 ( 1 ) , if in respect of any child a residence order were made in favour of the foster mother , the existing care order to the local authority would be discharged ; ( 3 ) the shared parental responsibility between the foster mother and the mother which would result from section 12 ( 2 ) conferring parental responsibility upon the foster mother if a residence order were to be made in her favour ; ( 4 ) the time that would be likely to elapse before any substantive order could be made .
he then went on to consider whether the further proceedings would be against the children 's interests under four heads : ( 1 ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation ; ( 2 ) the fact that , under section 91 ( 1 ) , if in respect of any child a residence order were made in favour of the foster mother , the [being] care order to the local authority would be discharged ; ( 3 ) the shared parental responsibility between the foster mother and the mother which would result from section 12 ( 2 ) conferring parental responsibility upon the foster mother if a residence order were to be made in her favour ; ( 4 ) the time that would be likely to elapse before any substantive order could be made .

First , Parliament gave statutory recognition and reinforcement to the existing regime of contractual receivers appointed by debenture holders which had operated for the public benefit .
first , parliament gave statutory recognition and reinforcement to the [being] regime of contractual receivers appointed by debenture holders which had operated for the public benefit .

The court may annul a bankruptcy order if at any time it appears to the court that the order ought not to have been made ( on any grounds existing at the time the order was made ) or the debts and expenses of the bankruptcy have all been either paid or secured to the satisfaction of the court since the making of the order ( s 282(1) ) .
the court may annul a bankruptcy order if at any time it appears to the court that the order ought not to have been made ( on any grounds [being] at the time the order was made ) or the debts and expenses of the bankruptcy have all been either paid or secured to the satisfaction of the court since the making of the order ( s 282(1) ) .

We have suggested that the lost berths could quite easily be replaced by a mixture of pontoons , remaining pile berths and by very small additions to existing marina complexes .
we have suggested that the lost berths could quite easily be replaced by a mixture of pontoons , remaining pile berths and by very small additions to [being] marina complexes .

Existing river mooring prices are artificial .
[being] river mooring prices are artificial .

The River Hamble is special and we are simply seeking some latitude and flexibility in the future uses of and rebuilding of existing , mainly clapped-out buildings .
the river hamble is special and we are simply seeking some latitude and flexibility in the future uses of and rebuilding of [being] , mainly clapped-out buildings .

Coram 's existing Two Tonner and the 50ft charter Capricorno will be augmented by Mean Machine , chartered from her new Belgian owner .
coram 's [being] two tonner and the 50ft charter capricorno will be augmented by mean machine , chartered from her new belgian owner .

‘ We shall protect buried treasure by extending the provisions of Statutory Instrument 1199 for evaluation and mitigation statements to cover the buried historical environment , and shall introduce legislation to protect ‘ portable antiquities ’ superseding the existing legislation covering treasure trove .
‘ we shall protect buried treasure by extending the provisions of statutory instrument 1199 for evaluation and mitigation statements to cover the buried historical environment , and shall introduce legislation to protect ‘ portable antiquities ’ superseding the [being] legislation covering treasure trove .

We are able to look forward to pastures new this year thanks to our Sites Officer Tony Message who has been adding new farmland to our club 's existing search areas .
we are able to look forward to pastures new this year thanks to our sites officer tony message who has been adding new farmland to our club 's [being] search areas .

To recap on the last article , the hypothesis of a pair of interlocking circles existing near the Vale of Pewsey in Wiltshire was proved using the standard methods outlined in parts one and two of this series .
to recap on the last article , the hypothesis of a pair of interlocking circles [being] near the vale of pewsey in wiltshire was proved using the standard methods outlined in parts one and two of this series .

The contorted postures provide an eloquent visual commentary to the simultaneously projected ‘ real life ’ imagery ; her video and installation work include fragile , barely existing images ( negative or miniature projections ) of swinging figures , or herself freefalling from a 200 foot crane , continually repeated , as if caught in a time-loop of seemingly endless motion .
the contorted postures provide an eloquent visual commentary to the simultaneously projected ‘ real life ’ imagery ; her video and installation work include fragile , barely [being] images ( negative or miniature projections ) of swinging figures , or herself freefalling from a 200 foot crane , continually repeated , as if caught in a time-loop of seemingly endless motion .

No new ones are to be built , and existing ones are to be phased out by 1999 .
no new ones are to be built , and [being] ones are to be phased out by 1999 .

To ensure that estates are motivated to take part , culling targets would be set by local deer management trusts ( LDMTs ) , developed from existing voluntary deer management groups and based around discrete deer populations .
to ensure that estates are motivated to take part , culling targets would be set by local deer management trusts ( ldmts ) , developed from [being] voluntary deer management groups and based around discrete deer populations .

Equinox : Sundays at 7pm. 8th , Dead Men Talk : New techniques for dating fossils have cast doubt on existing theories of human evolution .
equinox : sundays at 7pm. 8th , dead men talk : new techniques for dating fossils have cast doubt on [being] theories of human evolution .

Green boasts that British Coal has reduced prices by 30 per cent in real terms over the past six years and predicts the trend will continue ‘ not just by closing marginal capacity , but by ensuring existing capacity will be more efficient ’ .
green boasts that british coal has reduced prices by 30 per cent in real terms over the past six years and predicts the trend will continue ‘ not just by closing marginal capacity , but by ensuring [being] capacity will be more efficient ’ .

But if you have doubts , check with the Trading Standards office or Citizens Advice Bureau about any existing complaints against a particular company .
but if you have doubts , check with the trading standards office or citizens advice bureau about any [being] complaints against a particular company .

So for the last three years she 's lived alone , existing on income support and other allowances totalling about £80 a week .
so for the last three years she 's lived alone , [being] on income support and other allowances totalling about £80 a week .

Although a licensing board may resolve to call for the production of plans under the subsection in respect of a number of existing licences , a separate requirement must be recorded and intimated to the licence holder in respect of each licence separately .
although a licensing board may resolve to call for the production of plans under the subsection in respect of a number of [being] licences , a separate requirement must be recorded and intimated to the licence holder in respect of each licence separately .

Although the licensing board may resolve to call for the production of plans under this section in respect of a number of existing licences , a separate requirement must be recorded , and intimated to the licence-holder , in respect of each licence separately .
although the licensing board may resolve to call for the production of plans under this section in respect of a number of [being] licences , a separate requirement must be recorded , and intimated to the licence-holder , in respect of each licence separately .

Therefore , for 600 rpm , the attitude change would be 3 half-bars , that is a change of one and a half bars down from the existing attitude .
therefore , for 600 rpm , the attitude change would be 3 half-bars , that is a change of one and a half bars down from the [being] attitude .

The problem about the existing one was this .
the problem about the [being] one was this .

Less than one percent of entries added to dictionary updates are original — most are compounds created by stringing together existing words ( global warming ; crack house ; butterfly effect ; daisy age rapper ) .
less than one percent of entries added to dictionary updates are original — most are compounds created by stringing together [being] words ( global warming ; crack house ; butterfly effect ; daisy age rapper ) .

" Why should he ? But what else would automatically set aside an existing will unless he made a new one ? Marriage cancels a will . Did n't you know that ? "
" why should he ? but what else would automatically set aside an [being] will unless he made a new one ? marriage cancels a will . did n't you know that ? "

The corruption and reform of the House of Commons became the central issue dividing the supporters from the opponents of the existing political system .
the corruption and reform of the house of commons became the central issue dividing the supporters from the opponents of the [being] political system .

For pluralists , power is only really seen as existing in action , participation , and decision-making within the public arena of politics and government .
for pluralists , power is only really seen as [being] in action , participation , and decision-making within the public arena of politics and government .

Meaningful change can not come through the existing political system .
meaningful change can not come through the [being] political system .

The company should know what are the future consequences of its existing investments and commitments , and ought to be able to describe , at least in broad terms , some of the most probable scenarios it is likely to face during the next few years .
the company should know what are the future consequences of its [being] investments and commitments , and ought to be able to describe , at least in broad terms , some of the most probable scenarios it is likely to face during the next few years .

These sets of analysis are based on empirical attitude research , and the agencies that have constructed them use them to advise their clients on how best to design and position existing and new products on target segments made up of people who have similar life-style patterns .
these sets of analysis are based on empirical attitude research , and the agencies that have constructed them use them to advise their clients on how best to design and position [being] and new products on target segments made up of people who have similar life-style patterns .

They might see it as better to take-over their main supplier , even if it means that company losing some existing orders from competing manufacturers of food products ; * buyers may deliberately seek international suppliers , so as to maintain their choice and retain some degree of control over the prices and terms of supply .
they might see it as better to take-over their main supplier , even if it means that company losing some [being] orders from competing manufacturers of food products ; * buyers may deliberately seek international suppliers , so as to maintain their choice and retain some degree of control over the prices and terms of supply .

Those people responsible for buying will often place a limit on the range and number of alternatives they are prepared to consider , particularly where they are happy with their existing suppliers .
those people responsible for buying will often place a limit on the range and number of alternatives they are prepared to consider , particularly where they are happy with their [being] suppliers .

For instance , the major suppliers of earthmoving plant , backhoe loaders , excavators ( etc ) have their own finance houses , who can offer attractive loan finance or leasing packages to the manufacturer 's existing and potential customers .
for instance , the major suppliers of earthmoving plant , backhoe loaders , excavators ( etc ) have their own finance houses , who can offer attractive loan finance or leasing packages to the manufacturer 's [being] and potential customers .

Whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing function will be required to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an existing or predictable need .
whatever the reason for the review , the purchasing function will be required to examine alternative sources of supply , or alternative products capable of meeting an [being] or predictable need .

The need for a review of the existing supply arrangements might be Occasioned by mounting dissatisfaction with current suppliers , or concern at increasing price levels .
the need for a review of the [being] supply arrangements might be occasioned by mounting dissatisfaction with current suppliers , or concern at increasing price levels .

It is an important input to marketing planning because it can be used to formulate company `` product-market `` objectives , by which the enterprise may : * define its markets ; * position ranges of brands and product varieties ; * identify gaps which offer significant opportunities for expansion or new product positioning ; * rationalise policies for existing brands , products and mixes .
it is an important input to marketing planning because it can be used to formulate company `` product-market `` objectives , by which the enterprise may : * define its markets ; * position ranges of brands and product varieties ; * identify gaps which offer significant opportunities for expansion or new product positioning ; * rationalise policies for [being] brands , products and mixes .

This process of identification and analysis may be carried out in a number of ways , for instance : * by Using intuition based upon an interpretation of existing knowledge of the market ; * by Using any of the wide array of market research techniques , based on internal sources of information about the market , and field research .
this process of identification and analysis may be carried out in a number of ways , for instance : * by using intuition based upon an interpretation of [being] knowledge of the market ; * by using any of the wide array of market research techniques , based on internal sources of information about the market , and field research .

Existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .
[being] tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .

It seems that in our existing academic buildings , provided we choose our areas of growth carefully , we can accommodate these extra students .
it seems that in our [being] academic buildings , provided we choose our areas of growth carefully , we can accommodate these extra students .

It would n't surprise me is some of the people who come to these continuing education courses , of which there is an ever-growing and more exciting list , were existing alumni .
it would n't surprise me is some of the people who come to these continuing education courses , of which there is an ever-growing and more exciting list , were [being] alumni .

To secure that aim we want it to be a condition of sale to any private operator that pension conditions are preserved through the existing pension fund schemes .
to secure that aim we want it to be a condition of sale to any private operator that pension conditions are preserved through the [being] pension fund schemes .

The existing arrangements are well established .
the [being] arrangements are well established .

17 , the Minister seems to be trying to deny to the people who will be transferred to the new privatised subsidiaries the kind of benefits enjoyed by members of big schemes , such as the existing scheme .
17 , the minister seems to be trying to deny to the people who will be transferred to the new privatised subsidiaries the kind of benefits enjoyed by members of big schemes , such as the [being] scheme .

It seems common sense to say that if the Minister transfers the pension rights of existing employees of the Scottish Transport Group to the new privatised subsidiaries he will , by definition , sign away the substantial benefits that the employees enjoy under the existing scheme .
it seems common sense to say that if the minister transfers the pension rights of [being] employees of the scottish transport group to the new privatised subsidiaries he will , by definition , sign away the substantial benefits that the employees enjoy under the [being] scheme .

The Minister claims also that the future of existing schemes is a matter for trustees and their members .
the minister claims also that the future of [being] schemes is a matter for trustees and their members .

It seems that the Secretary of State will seek to safeguard the existing pension rights of those who work in the subsidiaries by looking closely at the buy-out proposals and that he will not favour any buy-out proposal which does not give some future security of pension rights to the workers who will be affected .
it seems that the secretary of state will seek to safeguard the [being] pension rights of those who work in the subsidiaries by looking closely at the buy-out proposals and that he will not favour any buy-out proposal which does not give some future security of pension rights to the workers who will be affected .

It would not be appropriate to make it a condition of sale , as is required by new clause 4 , that new companies should participate in the existing pension scheme .
it would not be appropriate to make it a condition of sale , as is required by new clause 4 , that new companies should participate in the [being] pension scheme .

The Government consult that committee and specifications for both new and existing buses are laid down , but no body is under any obligation to do anything about them .
the government consult that committee and specifications for both new and [being] buses are laid down , but no body is under any obligation to do anything about them .

No. 19 , in page 3 , line 12 , clause 3 , at end insert " any financial assistance made available for management or employee buy-outs shall be available for up to three buy-out attempts by existing management or employees within any one of the undertakings created by the Act . "
no. 19 , in page 3 , line 12 , clause 3 , at end insert " any financial assistance made available for management or employee buy-outs shall be available for up to three buy-out attempts by [being] management or employees within any one of the undertakings created by the act . "

It would be unlikely if in any more than two or three of the companies to be bought out there were rival bids from within the existing management and work force .
it would be unlikely if in any more than two or three of the companies to be bought out there were rival bids from within the [being] management and work force .

In the legislation as drafted , where is any provision that underwrites the existing conditions of employment for those working in the Scottish Bus Group ?
in the legislation as drafted , where is any provision that underwrites the [being] conditions of employment for those working in the scottish bus group ?

It is clearly essential to ensure that property is properly valued , not only on its existing use value for bus operations , but on other bases such as its full development value .
it is clearly essential to ensure that property is properly valued , not only on its [being] use value for bus operations , but on other bases such as its full development value .

It was the school 's belief that the creation of special units would not solve the behavioural problems which we encounter and furthermore there was little likelihood of re-integration into mainstream schooling ( a view largely substantiated by the available evidence of many of the existing units ) .
it was the school 's belief that the creation of special units would not solve the behavioural problems which we encounter and furthermore there was little likelihood of re-integration into mainstream schooling ( a view largely substantiated by the available evidence of many of the [being] units ) .

They can modify , adapt , improve , the existing units .
they can modify , adapt , improve , the [being] units .

They argue for the empowerment of subordinated groups , rather than giving them selective access to existing hierarchies ; for the ‘ democratization ’ of the curriculum by reorganizing knowledge to advantage the disadvantaged ; and for special teacher training for teachers to assist girls in resisting the sexist demands of their schools .
they argue for the empowerment of subordinated groups , rather than giving them selective access to [being] hierarchies ; for the ‘ democratization ’ of the curriculum by reorganizing knowledge to advantage the disadvantaged ; and for special teacher training for teachers to assist girls in resisting the sexist demands of their schools .

Such economies of scale must be distinguished from savings through fuller utilization of existing capacity , which spreads the fixed costs of a specific existing piece of plant over more units .
such economies of scale must be distinguished from savings through fuller utilization of [being] capacity , which spreads the fixed costs of a specific [being] piece of plant over more units .

In such a situation an investment may be more in the nature of an insurance policy to protect existing business : a step to reduce uncertainty .
in such a situation an investment may be more in the nature of an insurance policy to protect [being] business : a step to reduce uncertainty .

Given the very patchy record of companies that have diversified into areas not related to their existing businesses or not requiring similar management skills , corporate managers ought always to bear in mind the option of planned divestment of inevitable dinosaurs with a view to returning cash to shareholders ( see Lorenz , 1988 ) .
given the very patchy record of companies that have diversified into areas not related to their [being] businesses or not requiring similar management skills , corporate managers ought always to bear in mind the option of planned divestment of inevitable dinosaurs with a view to returning cash to shareholders ( see lorenz , 1988 ) .

There is a natural predisposition to see events as the result of pro-active planning , but , as stressed by March and Olsen ( 1976 ) , intentions are often overwhelmed by exogenous factors and events or resisted through existing loyalties and perceived duties .
there is a natural predisposition to see events as the result of pro-active planning , but , as stressed by march and olsen ( 1976 ) , intentions are often overwhelmed by exogenous factors and events or resisted through [being] loyalties and perceived duties .

When some thought of major change is initiated , all those affected will have their own interpretations of what is going on , based on their existing knowledge and experience .
when some thought of major change is initiated , all those affected will have their own interpretations of what is going on , based on their [being] knowledge and experience .

The bulk of corporate activity should be within well-set schemas and focus upon the creation of action rationality , but within the corporation there should be a mechanism to warn of impending crises or to recognize opportunities for significant improvement which lead to the questioning and modification of existing schemas .
the bulk of corporate activity should be within well-set schemas and focus upon the creation of action rationality , but within the corporation there should be a mechanism to warn of impending crises or to recognize opportunities for significant improvement which lead to the questioning and modification of [being] schemas .

Then Thomas remembered an existing , highly original property , minutes away from the field .
then thomas remembered an [being] , highly original property , minutes away from the field .

In his hands the existing contrast between the building 's industrial past and the immutability of the landscape would be sharpened into a creative expression of striking proportions .
in his hands the [being] contrast between the building 's industrial past and the immutability of the landscape would be sharpened into a creative expression of striking proportions .

The new machinery prompted a reshuffling of existing facilities at Carno .
the new machinery prompted a reshuffling of [being] facilities at carno .

When it opened its doors in 1971 , it was the realization of a long-desired wish to provide Wales with a comprehensive system of agricultural education whereby a high-level institution would be added to the existing colleges of agriculture and horticulture .
when it opened its doors in 1971 , it was the realization of a long-desired wish to provide wales with a comprehensive system of agricultural education whereby a high-level institution would be added to the [being] colleges of agriculture and horticulture .

Groups of two or three male lions try to take over harems of females by forcibly evicting the existing male owners .
groups of two or three male lions try to take over harems of females by forcibly evicting the [being] male owners .

He was angry with it for existing , and terrified by the reminder that one day he might catch it himself .
he was angry with it for [being] , and terrified by the reminder that one day he might catch it himself .

1 . The Existing Approaches
1 . the [being] approaches

This is not the place for a jurisprudential exegesis on the nature of discretion . Discretion for the purposes of this chapter will be defined as existing where there is power to make choices between courses of action or where , even though the end is specified , a choice exists as to how that end
this is not the place for a jurisprudential exegesis on the nature of discretion . discretion for the purposes of this chapter will be defined as [being] where there is power to make choices between courses of action or where , even though the end is specified , a choice exists as to how that end

Secondly , there is no doubt , as we have seen , that a number of existing cases can be regarded as examples of proportionality .
secondly , there is no doubt , as we have seen , that a number of [being] cases can be regarded as examples of proportionality .

As information transmitted in binary form is so much faster than analogue signals , the full benefits of computer-based communication systems can only be gained when nations convert their existing telecommunications networks to digital operation .
as information transmitted in binary form is so much faster than analogue signals , the full benefits of computer-based communication systems can only be gained when nations convert their [being] telecommunications networks to digital operation .

they inevitably require changes to both the physical layout of the office and to existing procedures
they inevitably require changes to both the physical layout of the office and to [being] procedures

Teletext — this is a system for supplying commercial and other data via existing television networks .
teletext — this is a system for supplying commercial and other data via [being] television networks .

Flexibility of working due to variety of equipment available , all or most of which can be operated by existing staff
flexibility of working due to variety of equipment available , all or most of which can be operated by [being] staff

Organizational structures will tend to favour decentralisation on account of the existence of powerful departmental computer facilities , whilst within offices the trend will be towards the integration of existing services , ie data processing , word processing , voice communication and electronic mail , along the lines suggested in Figure 30.3 in para 29 above . In these circumstances it will be important for organizations to plan for such a future , so as to ensure that :
organizational structures will tend to favour decentralisation on account of the existence of powerful departmental computer facilities , whilst within offices the trend will be towards the integration of [being] services , ie data processing , word processing , voice communication and electronic mail , along the lines suggested in figure 30.3 in para 29 above . in these circumstances it will be important for organizations to plan for such a future , so as to ensure that :

Every business or public organization has its market , that is to say the group of existing and potential buyers or users of its goods and services .
every business or public organization has its market , that is to say the group of [being] and potential buyers or users of its goods and services .

when placing existing products into new markets
when placing [being] products into new markets

However , it is also possible to introduce a product with a very low price in order to obtain a foothold in a new market , or an increased share of an existing market .
however , it is also possible to introduce a product with a very low price in order to obtain a foothold in a new market , or an increased share of an [being] market .

The aim of an organization 's promotional strategy is to bring existing or potential customers from a state of relative unawareness of the organization 's products , to a state of actively adopting them .
the aim of an organization 's promotional strategy is to bring [being] or potential customers from a state of relative unawareness of the organization 's products , to a state of actively adopting them .

maintain loyalty of existing customers .
maintain loyalty of [being] customers .

The two basic areas in which the information is sought are ( a ) markets ( existing and potential ) , and ( b ) marketing tactics and methods .
the two basic areas in which the information is sought are ( a ) markets ( [being] and potential ) , and ( b ) marketing tactics and methods .

Ensuring that the organization 's products are brought to the attention of existing and potential customers by means of suitable advertising and promotional methods ;
ensuring that the organization 's products are brought to the attention of [being] and potential customers by means of suitable advertising and promotional methods ;

Its responsibility is to plan , resource and control the processes involved in converting raw materials and components into the finished goods required to satisfy the needs and wants of the organization 's existing and potential customers .
its responsibility is to plan , resource and control the processes involved in converting raw materials and components into the finished goods required to satisfy the needs and wants of the organization 's [being] and potential customers .

Developing effective links with existing suppliers , and maintaining good relationships with potential suppliers and with competitors .
developing effective links with [being] suppliers , and maintaining good relationships with potential suppliers and with competitors .

It is also to be found in most other industries , where it is employed to produce prototype models , spare parts , modifications to existing plant and countless other ‘ one-off ’ , tailor-made pieces .
it is also to be found in most other industries , where it is employed to produce prototype models , spare parts , modifications to [being] plant and countless other ‘ one-off ’ , tailor-made pieces .

Existing coastal defence structures will have to be raised and strengthened to cope with the mean sea-level rise and increased height of storm surges .
[being] coastal defence structures will have to be raised and strengthened to cope with the mean sea-level rise and increased height of storm surges .

It is vital to have accurate knowledge of existing air quality , yet in practice , problems arise .
it is vital to have accurate knowledge of [being] air quality , yet in practice , problems arise .

Such models not only allow various emission control programmes to be examined for existing pollution sources , but also can assess the likely impact of new pollution sources .
such models not only allow various emission control programmes to be examined for [being] pollution sources , but also can assess the likely impact of new pollution sources .

Since it is more expensive to install pollution control devices in existing installations than in new ones , this strategy often leads in practice to the specification of different requirements for new and existing units .
since it is more expensive to install pollution control devices in [being] installations than in new ones , this strategy often leads in practice to the specification of different requirements for new and [being] units .

Although some of these technological fixes indicate a degree of desperation and hopelessness associated with the smog problem , the magnitude of the problem still existing in the Los Angeles basin in the 1980s prompted Heicklin ( 1981 ) to suggest the technological fix of introducing diethylhydroxylamine as a ‘ relatively inexpensive and safe ’ chemical inhibitor of smog .
although some of these technological fixes indicate a degree of desperation and hopelessness associated with the smog problem , the magnitude of the problem still [being] in the los angeles basin in the 1980s prompted heicklin ( 1981 ) to suggest the technological fix of introducing diethylhydroxylamine as a ‘ relatively inexpensive and safe ’ chemical inhibitor of smog .

Existing technology is less advanced … but there is a great deal we can do within the limits of existing technology — and more we can do to spur technological advance .
[being] technology is less advanced … but there is a great deal we can do within the limits of [being] technology — and more we can do to spur technological advance .

Federal performance standards were applied to new stationary sources or to existing plants undertaking modifications .
federal performance standards were applied to new stationary sources or to [being] plants undertaking modifications .

In our natural history ( as elsewhere later in science ) it turned out best to adapt an existing language ; but the man who did it , Ligneous , in the middle of the eighteenth century , came from Sweden .
in our natural history ( as elsewhere later in science ) it turned out best to adapt an [being] language ; but the man who did it , ligneous , in the middle of the eighteenth century , came from sweden .

In zoology , where again there seemed to be a former world of ‘ Dragons of the prime , That tare each other in their slime ’ in meaningless violence , the extinct animals could be seen as types of those now existing .
in zoology , where again there seemed to be a former world of ‘ dragons of the prime , that tare each other in their slime ’ in meaningless violence , the extinct animals could be seen as types of those now [being] .

Given the whole family of crustaceans , it was possible to imagine an ideal or typical crustacean of which all the existing forms were more or less close realizations .
given the whole family of crustaceans , it was possible to imagine an ideal or typical crustacean of which all the [being] forms were more or less close realizations .

Thus one should avoid a theory of the origin of species , which would inevitably be unscientific , and concentrate on describing and classifying the existing species .
thus one should avoid a theory of the origin of species , which would inevitably be unscientific , and concentrate on describing and classifying the [being] species .

Two Scots with Cambridge connections took up Faraday 's work at last , trying to put it into mathematical form rather than to fit the discoveries into an existing theory ; and through their work came the great flowering of classical physics .
two scots with cambridge connections took up faraday 's work at last , trying to put it into mathematical form rather than to fit the discoveries into an [being] theory ; and through their work came the great flowering of classical physics .

Lyell made people aware by the 1830s of the great age of the Earth , and he also divided up the Tertiary period , using a statistical method based upon the proportions of existing species found among the fossils .
lyell made people aware by the 1830s of the great age of the earth , and he also divided up the tertiary period , using a statistical method based upon the proportions of [being] species found among the fossils .

The existing two-tier system , it recommended , should be replaced by fifty-eight unitary authorities which would cover most of the country , but in three metropolitan areas there was to be a two-tier arrangement with responsibilities divided between a metropolitan county council and large district authorities ( along lines similar to those then operating in Greater London ) .
the [being] two-tier system , it recommended , should be replaced by fifty-eight unitary authorities which would cover most of the country , but in three metropolitan areas there was to be a two-tier arrangement with responsibilities divided between a metropolitan county council and large district authorities ( along lines similar to those then operating in greater london ) .

The first tier was to be based largely on existing counties ; the major changes were destined to take place in the second tier , the district level .
the first tier was to be based largely on [being] counties ; the major changes were destined to take place in the second tier , the district level .

Chandler observes that the steward will on occasions consult with his employer on how best he should manage his estate and may often wish to suggest new policies or point out deficiencies in existing strategies .
chandler observes that the steward will on occasions consult with his employer on how best he should manage his estate and may often wish to suggest new policies or point out deficiencies in [being] strategies .

Although intended to further curtail local government expenditure — by requiring authorities to meet any unforeseen expenditure from existing budgets — the effect may well have been to persuade local authorities to set high initial rates ( to provide adequate balances to meet unexpected contingencies or loss of income ) .
although intended to further curtail local government expenditure — by requiring authorities to meet any unforeseen expenditure from [being] budgets — the effect may well have been to persuade local authorities to set high initial rates ( to provide adequate balances to meet unexpected contingencies or loss of income ) .

Her visualization was as generous to Bob and Tessa as it was careless of the existing occupiers .
her visualization was as generous to bob and tessa as it was careless of the [being] occupiers .

That is to say , policy changes more frequently take the form of relatively marginal changes to existing policies .
that is to say , policy changes more frequently take the form of relatively marginal changes to [being] policies .

Rather , they accept existing policy instruments as given and make additions or subtractions from them .
rather , they accept [being] policy instruments as given and make additions or subtractions from them .

Well organised and technically proficient armed services can be used as a backstop to ensure that there is no internal unrest against the existing order of things .
well organised and technically proficient armed services can be used as a backstop to ensure that there is no internal unrest against the [being] order of things .

Respect for the military and its hierarchical structures also reinforces the existing authority patterns in society .
respect for the military and its hierarchical structures also reinforces the [being] authority patterns in society .

This leads to a growing military and industrial dependence on government contracting and state expenditure if their existing position is to be maintained .
this leads to a growing military and industrial dependence on government contracting and state expenditure if their [being] position is to be maintained .

Some of the more important suggestions for change include new committee structures to allow qualified civilian staff to have information and knowledge to question military assumptions ; new congressional committees to review the need for new weapons systems ; laws to force people to disclose any bureaucratic and financial interests when dealing with the military and to stop Pentagon officials taking top jobs with defence contractors : and , budgeting systems which would ask for every existing military programme to be fundamentally reappraised every year ( zero-based budgeting ) .
some of the more important suggestions for change include new committee structures to allow qualified civilian staff to have information and knowledge to question military assumptions ; new congressional committees to review the need for new weapons systems ; laws to force people to disclose any bureaucratic and financial interests when dealing with the military and to stop pentagon officials taking top jobs with defence contractors : and , budgeting systems which would ask for every [being] military programme to be fundamentally reappraised every year ( zero-based budgeting ) .

Ultimately , this approach argues , this can result in the reform of existing political institutions and the creation of new public policies and regulations which will control the military-industrial complex .
ultimately , this approach argues , this can result in the reform of [being] political institutions and the creation of new public policies and regulations which will control the military-industrial complex .

Compliments about bureaucracy , impersonality , and inefficiency , demands for cultural autonomy and for new types of participation have all sustained a very widespread attack upon existing structures everywhere , in particular upon centralization and hierarchical control .
compliments about bureaucracy , impersonality , and inefficiency , demands for cultural autonomy and for new types of participation have all sustained a very widespread attack upon [being] structures everywhere , in particular upon centralization and hierarchical control .

In the case to which Gourevitch is referring , it seems , in a pluralist description , that the existing , formal authority is actually less modern than some of the peripheral strata .
in the case to which gourevitch is referring , it seems , in a pluralist description , that the [being] , formal authority is actually less modern than some of the peripheral strata .

Central administrators , in other words , may find it necessary to use peripheral agencies to implement their decisions , either setting these up ad hoc , using existing administrative bodies , or even integrating elected officials .
central administrators , in other words , may find it necessary to use peripheral agencies to implement their decisions , either setting these up ad hoc , using [being] administrative bodies , or even integrating elected officials .

Organisms can only adapt to their presently existing environments ; they can not predict future ones .
organisms can only adapt to their presently [being] environments ; they can not predict future ones .

We do not know how many species of temperate latitudes have been unable to adjust , and so disqualified themselves as polar colonists , or to what extent existing polar plants are restricted in their distribution by light .
we do not know how many species of temperate latitudes have been unable to adjust , and so disqualified themselves as polar colonists , or to what extent [being] polar plants are restricted in their distribution by light .

Usually this has required little more than the extension of existing legislation to cover the special case of Arctic reserves .
usually this has required little more than the extension of [being] legislation to cover the special case of arctic reserves .

However , in April 1989 an advisory teacher attached to the Primary Division was given responsibility for ‘ parents and community ’ along with her existing workload .
however , in april 1989 an advisory teacher attached to the primary division was given responsibility for ‘ parents and community ’ along with her [being] workload .

Notwithstanding the above , some schools persisted with , or only cosmetically adapted , their existing management structures . Overall , however , our studies showed schools tending to cluster towards the following main types :
notwithstanding the above , some schools persisted with , or only cosmetically adapted , their [being] management structures . overall , however , our studies showed schools tending to cluster towards the following main types :

The first two incorporate existing practice , the third extends it .
the first two incorporate [being] practice , the third extends it .

Chief officers prepare their estimates for the coming year , setting out present spending plus price increases and what would be necessary to meet existing commitments .
chief officers prepare their estimates for the coming year , setting out present spending plus price increases and what would be necessary to meet [being] commitments .

The finance officers will prepare an analysis of existing spending commitments and the costs of new schemes that will be complete by next year-the costs and loan repayments on the provision of a new home for old people , for example .
the finance officers will prepare an analysis of [being] spending commitments and the costs of new schemes that will be complete by next year-the costs and loan repayments on the provision of a new home for old people , for example .

In Brazil ( 1921 ) and Mexico ( 1919 ) existing anarcho-syndicalist groups were converted to Bolshevism .
in brazil ( 1921 ) and mexico ( 1919 ) [being] anarcho-syndicalist groups were converted to bolshevism .

At this stage , liberation of the colonies was regarded as being crucially dependent upon the overthrow of existing state structures in the metropolis .
at this stage , liberation of the colonies was regarded as being crucially dependent upon the overthrow of [being] state structures in the metropolis .

Those parties that were not forced into clandestinity demonstrated scant ability to formulate new strategies or even to adapt existing ones to contemporary situations .
those parties that were not forced into clandestinity demonstrated scant ability to formulate new strategies or even to adapt [being] ones to contemporary situations .

’ According to their analysis of American industrial confrontations from the 1870s to the 1960s , violence has been most severe on those occasions when employers have tried to ‘ break ’ existing unions , or deny recognition to newly forming ones .
’ according to their analysis of american industrial confrontations from the 1870s to the 1960s , violence has been most severe on those occasions when employers have tried to ‘ break ’ [being] unions , or deny recognition to newly forming ones .

Reviews of the existing work may be found in Box and Hale ( 1986 ) and , at more length , in Box ( 1987 , Chapter Five ) .
reviews of the [being] work may be found in box and hale ( 1986 ) and , at more length , in box ( 1987 , chapter five ) .

It provides for the construction of 24 new prisons and , with extensions to existing prisons , for the provision of over 21,000 extra prison places by 1995 .
it provides for the construction of 24 new prisons and , with extensions to [being] prisons , for the provision of over 21,000 extra prison places by 1995 .

This deterministic approach suffers by seeing the prison as existing to remove people from circulation , rather than its ideological function of social control .
this deterministic approach suffers by seeing the prison as [being] to remove people from circulation , rather than its ideological function of social control .

Overcrowding in custody is to be prevented by extending control to community custody , using a mixture of existing and contracted services .
overcrowding in custody is to be prevented by extending control to community custody , using a mixture of [being] and contracted services .

Although he is currently with the Halifax , as an existing borrower he is not allowed to apply for the fixed rate currently on offer from this society .
although he is currently with the halifax , as an [being] borrower he is not allowed to apply for the fixed rate currently on offer from this society .

You will have to pay for a new survey , solicitor 's fees , lender 's solicitor 's fees , arrangement fees , and sometimes your existing lender 's redemption penalty .
you will have to pay for a new survey , solicitor 's fees , lender 's solicitor 's fees , arrangement fees , and sometimes your [being] lender 's redemption penalty .

If you only want to borrow a small amount , a better option is to take a further advance from your existing lender ( less than £100 to arrange ) or , alternatively , a top-up loan from a second lender .
if you only want to borrow a small amount , a better option is to take a further advance from your [being] lender ( less than £100 to arrange ) or , alternatively , a top-up loan from a second lender .

Your existing lender can charge up to three months interest to cancel your present mortgage , especially if you have a deferred or fixed rate mortgage .
your [being] lender can charge up to three months interest to cancel your present mortgage , especially if you have a deferred or fixed rate mortgage .

It makes sense to complete the sale of your existing property and purchase of your new home on the same day .
it makes sense to complete the sale of your [being] property and purchase of your new home on the same day .

Where you have bought your new property and exchanged contracts on the sale of your existing home but have n't completed .
where you have bought your new property and exchanged contracts on the sale of your [being] home but have n't completed .

Where you have bought your new home but have n't exchanged contracts on your existing property .
where you have bought your new home but have n't exchanged contracts on your [being] property .

Arrange meter readings disconnection at your existing home and confirm taking over gas and electricity at new address
arrange meter readings disconnection at your [being] home and confirm taking over gas and electricity at new address

Keeping in mind the needs of both new and existing borrowers — throughout the duration of the mortgage — resulted in Abbey National 's runaway success in the Best Overall Lender category .
keeping in mind the needs of both new and [being] borrowers — throughout the duration of the mortgage — resulted in abbey national 's runaway success in the best overall lender category .

It is more concerned about the long- term needs of existing borrowers and investors .
it is more concerned about the long- term needs of [being] borrowers and investors .

Existing customers may feel that they are being unfairly barred from a cut price deal , but there are often good reasons for this .
[being] customers may feel that they are being unfairly barred from a cut price deal , but there are often good reasons for this .

‘ This is not to say that we ignore our existing borrowers .
‘ this is not to say that we ignore our [being] borrowers .

We do operate a customer loyalty scheme , whereby any existing borrower who moves home and remortgages with us is entitled to a one per cent discount for one year .
we do operate a customer loyalty scheme , whereby any [being] borrower who moves home and remortgages with us is entitled to a one per cent discount for one year .

Allen & Harris have Excellent Mortgage Facilities available to existing clients and prospective purchasers , subject to survey and status .
allen & harris have excellent mortgage facilities available to [being] clients and prospective purchasers , subject to survey and status .

‘ It 's clearly bad to construct a golf course somewhere where there is an existing habitat , or grassland .
‘ it 's clearly bad to construct a golf course somewhere where there is an [being] habitat , or grassland .

Not only is she busy sending out subscription forms to the existing 220 members , she is also coping with the dozens of enquiries from amateurs all over the world looking to turn professional .
not only is she busy sending out subscription forms to the [being] 220 members , she is also coping with the dozens of enquiries from amateurs all over the world looking to turn professional .

He also called for existing club members to provide greater public access to their clubs .
he also called for [being] club members to provide greater public access to their clubs .

Founder Nicola Claire believes the John Peel Children 's Centre , Ealing , is the only existing children 's arts centre .
founder nicola claire believes the john peel children 's centre , ealing , is the only [being] children 's arts centre .

The current situation is that several new themes are being worked up , and it is likely that the existing themes will be broadened to cover a wider range of engineering interests .
the current situation is that several new themes are being worked up , and it is likely that the [being] themes will be broadened to cover a wider range of engineering interests .

This model of fault- finding identifies three main goals : initial symptom identification , the fault-finder has to be aware of symptom sources , contingencies existing between them and their relative informational value .
this model of fault- finding identifies three main goals : initial symptom identification , the fault-finder has to be aware of symptom sources , contingencies [being] between them and their relative informational value .

Although that decision was not mentioned in the Tudor Grange case , by analogy the Unfair Contract Terms Act did not apply to secondary contracts which were retrospective waivers of existing claims .
although that decision was not mentioned in the tudor grange case , by analogy the unfair contract terms act did not apply to secondary contracts which were retrospective waivers of [being] claims .

From time to time one feels that an industry is approaching a critical point , one at which the pursuit of future success requires quite a significant reorganisation of existing thought patterns .
from time to time one feels that an industry is approaching a critical point , one at which the pursuit of future success requires quite a significant reorganisation of [being] thought patterns .

First , the existing power to make a composition order was emphasised .
first , the [being] power to make a composition order was emphasised .

With the help of Easton Houst we mailed 3700 major businesses in the area and followed this up with press advertising in addition to seeking help from our existing members .
with the help of easton houst we mailed 3700 major businesses in the area and followed this up with press advertising in addition to seeking help from our [being] members .

New universities were established and existing ones were expanded ; between 1969 and 1973 thirty polytechnics came into being ; and during the 1970s a third tier , colleges and institutes of higher education , was added .
new universities were established and [being] ones were expanded ; between 1969 and 1973 thirty polytechnics came into being ; and during the 1970s a third tier , colleges and institutes of higher education , was added .

Existing tenants are unaffected by the changes , except that their mobility may be reduced .
[being] tenants are unaffected by the changes , except that their mobility may be reduced .

The White Paper recognised that unscrupulous landlords might be tempted to harass existing tenants to force them out of the property , which could then be let to new tenants at the higher market rent , and in an effort to prevent this , the harassment provisions of the 1977 Protection from Eviction Act were strengthened and a new right of compensation — civil law damages-was introduced in cases of unlawful eviction .
the white paper recognised that unscrupulous landlords might be tempted to harass [being] tenants to force them out of the property , which could then be let to new tenants at the higher market rent , and in an effort to prevent this , the harassment provisions of the 1977 protection from eviction act were strengthened and a new right of compensation — civil law damages-was introduced in cases of unlawful eviction .

Councils were reported as being reluctant to participate partly because grants had to be funded from their existing budgets .
councils were reported as being reluctant to participate partly because grants had to be funded from their [being] budgets .

In the following year Task Forces , intended to maximise the effectiveness of existing programmes , were introduced .
in the following year task forces , intended to maximise the effectiveness of [being] programmes , were introduced .

It should be remembered that the canal engineers had very few existing structures from which to obtain ideas .
it should be remembered that the canal engineers had very few [being] structures from which to obtain ideas .

The existing carpet throughout the house was pale blue-grey — an appropriate background for their new living style .
the [being] carpet throughout the house was pale blue-grey — an appropriate background for their new living style .

5 The Laybak is a clever new device that will convert your existing bed headboard into a comfortable lumber support .
5 the laybak is a clever new device that will convert your [being] bed headboard into a comfortable lumber support .

In today 's economic climate of high interest rates and a virtually static housing market , it makes more sense to maintain and improve your existing home rather than move on to something bigger and better .
in today 's economic climate of high interest rates and a virtually static housing market , it makes more sense to maintain and improve your [being] home rather than move on to something bigger and better .

The best way to borrow money for home improvements is to extend your existing mortgage , so you can spread the cost over several years .
the best way to borrow money for home improvements is to extend your [being] mortgage , so you can spread the cost over several years .

But you may want to add a second ( perhaps en suite ) bathroom or to re-arrange the existing layout to squeeze in extra equipment , such as a bidet or separate shower .
but you may want to add a second ( perhaps en suite ) bathroom or to re-arrange the [being] layout to squeeze in extra equipment , such as a bidet or separate shower .

Bath/shower mixers ( fitted in place of existing bath taps ) and electric showers ( connected only to the cold rising main ) are the easiest to fit .
bath/shower mixers ( fitted in place of [being] bath taps ) and electric showers ( connected only to the cold rising main ) are the easiest to fit .

For effective noise insulation , secondary glazing ( a second window pane inside the existing one ) is most effective ; the bonus of secondary windows is that modern materials ( especially uPVC and factory-coated aluminium and steel ) need virtually no maintenance .
for effective noise insulation , secondary glazing ( a second window pane inside the [being] one ) is most effective ; the bonus of secondary windows is that modern materials ( especially upvc and factory-coated aluminium and steel ) need virtually no maintenance .

The Crabtree Minder 180 is a separate sensor that you can fit internally or externally , and can be wired up into an existing light fitting .
the crabtree minder 180 is a separate sensor that you can fit internally or externally , and can be wired up into an [being] light fitting .

Most people these days want an inset sink fitted into a continuous length of worksurface , and replacing an existing inset sink is relatively straightforward .
most people these days want an inset sink fitted into a continuous length of worksurface , and replacing an [being] inset sink is relatively straightforward .

3 Pipes , waste outlets , sink clips and fittings are included , allowing you to connect the new sink with existing waste pipe
3 pipes , waste outlets , sink clips and fittings are included , allowing you to connect the new sink with [being] waste pipe

You can get separate sensors to wire up to an existing exterior light or you can buy security lights with a built-in sensor .
you can get separate sensors to wire up to an [being] exterior light or you can buy security lights with a built-in sensor .

There is a new two-stage covered chairlift from Furgg to just above Trockener Steg and up on the glacier ( summer ski area ) a new T-bar runs parallel to the existing Plateau Rosa one .
there is a new two-stage covered chairlift from furgg to just above trockener steg and up on the glacier ( summer ski area ) a new t-bar runs parallel to the [being] plateau rosa one .

Planners are not skiers ( unfortunately ) and they do n't seem able to read a map either because some of the lines defining their concentric rings go right through the middle of existing ski areas , particularly at Glenshee .
planners are not skiers ( unfortunately ) and they do n't seem able to read a map either because some of the lines defining their concentric rings go right through the middle of [being] ski areas , particularly at glenshee .

Each health authority will retain some money to pay for referrals by GPs to hospitals which are not covered by existing agreements on services .
each health authority will retain some money to pay for referrals by gps to hospitals which are not covered by [being] agreements on services .

That , having regard to the limited area of the site and the relationship to existing residential properties , the proposed development of nine houses would be a cramped development of the site which would be detrimental to the amenities of those surrounding residential properties .
that , having regard to the limited area of the site and the relationship to [being] residential properties , the proposed development of nine houses would be a cramped development of the site which would be detrimental to the amenities of those surrounding residential properties .

That , having regard to the limited area of the site and the relationship to existing residential properties , the proposed development of nine houses would be a cramped development of the site which would be detrimental to the amenities of those surrounding residential properties .
that , having regard to the limited area of the site and the relationship to [being] residential properties , the proposed development of nine houses would be a cramped development of the site which would be detrimental to the amenities of those surrounding residential properties .

New inventions are applied only in so far as they fit existing missions and strategies determined in previous wars .
new inventions are applied only in so far as they fit [being] missions and strategies determined in previous wars .

Something new was developing in the 19th century , argues the historian Albert Hourani , something ‘ created by the vast expansion of the European mind and imagination so as to appropriate all existing things .
something new was developing in the 19th century , argues the historian albert hourani , something ‘ created by the vast expansion of the european mind and imagination so as to appropriate all [being] things .

At these meetings , new people may be recruited to serve on branch committees , and existing committee members elected to office .
at these meetings , new people may be recruited to serve on branch committees , and [being] committee members elected to office .

‘ From the credit managers ’ point of view the main concern was the degree of risk contained on the existing sales ledger .
‘ from the credit managers ’ point of view the main concern was the degree of risk contained on the [being] sales ledger .

‘ We spoke to a number of credit managers who confirmed that reviews of existing accounts were conducted at quarterly , bi-annual or annual frequencies , but were not able to produce an analysis of the results of the reviews . ’
‘ we spoke to a number of credit managers who confirmed that reviews of [being] accounts were conducted at quarterly , bi-annual or annual frequencies , but were not able to produce an analysis of the results of the reviews . ’

‘ We wanted to see how we could analyse our existing customer base .
‘ we wanted to see how we could analyse our [being] customer base .

If the customer base is broadly the same as for existing products , then the credit manager should be able to arrive at a reasonable assessment of these factors .
if the customer base is broadly the same as for [being] products , then the credit manager should be able to arrive at a reasonable assessment of these factors .

One of the major difficulties faced by many firms which post- audited their investment projects lies in separating out the cash inflows and outflows directly attributable to the project from those of existing activities .
one of the major difficulties faced by many firms which post- audited their investment projects lies in separating out the cash inflows and outflows directly attributable to the project from those of [being] activities .

For example , if customers purchase both existing and new products and no distinction is made as and when bills are settled , the post-auditor has now way of determining the size and rate of cash flow for the new project .
for example , if customers purchase both [being] and new products and no distinction is made as and when bills are settled , the post-auditor has now way of determining the size and rate of cash flow for the new project .

Project sponsors are instructed to indicate what information would be required to conduct a thorough post-audit , whether the existing information systems provide this data , and if not , what steps should be taken to ensure that the required information is collected and available when required .
project sponsors are instructed to indicate what information would be required to conduct a thorough post-audit , whether the [being] information systems provide this data , and if not , what steps should be taken to ensure that the required information is collected and available when required .

‘ The credit grantor not only requires confirmation of the existing loan commitments of a business prospect ; he also needs details of previous repayment patterns in order to assess how a commercial borrower is likely to cope with his own repayment structure .
‘ the credit grantor not only requires confirmation of the [being] loan commitments of a business prospect ; he also needs details of previous repayment patterns in order to assess how a commercial borrower is likely to cope with his own repayment structure .

to develop new ways of tackling new problems , and to rethink our approaches to existing problems .
to develop new ways of tackling new problems , and to rethink our approaches to [being] problems .

Even hair which is naturally curly can be transformed because rollers can help to make the existing curls more crisp and structured .
even hair which is naturally curly can be transformed because rollers can help to make the [being] curls more crisp and structured .

It intends to create a new conservation agency in Scotland to replace the existing Countryside Commission for Scotland and Nature Conservancy Council for Scotland .
it intends to create a new conservation agency in scotland to replace the [being] countryside commission for scotland and nature conservancy council for scotland .

When it becomes law , Scottish Natural Heritage will have to refer objections to proposed and existing SSSIs to yet another body , a new committee set up by Scottish Secretary Ian Lang .
when it becomes law , scottish natural heritage will have to refer objections to proposed and [being] sssis to yet another body , a new committee set up by scottish secretary ian lang .

Entrants will guide themselves to various fixed points on a simple route which sticks to tracks and existing paths .
entrants will guide themselves to various fixed points on a simple route which sticks to tracks and [being] paths .

Find out about opening up blocked paths and protecting existing ones .
find out about opening up blocked paths and protecting [being] ones .

The amendment forces Scottish Natural Heritage to refer objections to proposed and existing Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSIs ) to a new committee set up by Scottish Secretary Ian Lang .
the amendment forces scottish natural heritage to refer objections to proposed and [being] sites of special scientific interest ( sssis ) to a new committee set up by scottish secretary ian lang .

There is increasing pressure on the popular mountains of Snowdonia National Park , and damage to fragile areas from competitive and sponsored events over and above existing informal recreation use is increasing .
there is increasing pressure on the popular mountains of snowdonia national park , and damage to fragile areas from competitive and sponsored events over and above [being] informal recreation use is increasing .

The Ford Motor Company itself placed one of its largest world investments , a new European engine plant , alongside its existing plant at Bridgend ( Mid Glamorgan ) .
the ford motor company itself placed one of its largest world investments , a new european engine plant , alongside its [being] plant at bridgend ( mid glamorgan ) .

Even more importantly , it supplied many mid-Victorian feminists with a critical perspective on existing social relations .
even more importantly , it supplied many mid-victorian feminists with a critical perspective on [being] social relations .

New moralists , as much as purity feminists , were confronted by the power relations embedded in existing languages and the difficulties of transforming them .
new moralists , as much as purity feminists , were confronted by the power relations embedded in [being] languages and the difficulties of transforming them .

To establish , by examination of existing research and information , and by conducting a survey to fill the gaps , what provision there currently is for
to establish , by examination of [being] research and information , and by conducting a survey to fill the gaps , what provision there currently is for

Research to complement the existing work relating to pupil-teacher interaction ( Sinclair & Coulthard , 1975 ; Sinclair and Brazil , 1982 and Willes , 1983 ) , and also in the relatively less well explored areas of pupil-pupil interaction , a specific feature of infant classroom activity .
research to complement the [being] work relating to pupil-teacher interaction ( sinclair & coulthard , 1975 ; sinclair and brazil , 1982 and willes , 1983 ) , and also in the relatively less well explored areas of pupil-pupil interaction , a specific feature of infant classroom activity .

The lack of purpose-designed courses for teachers of community languages is causing a crisis of credibility within the existing school networks of colleagues promoting community languages .
the lack of purpose-designed courses for teachers of community languages is causing a crisis of credibility within the [being] school networks of colleagues promoting community languages .

initial training for existing teachers of community languages has taken place without any , or much , linguistic input
initial training for [being] teachers of community languages has taken place without any , or much , linguistic input

It is also necessary to carry out further work on the production of teaching materials , identifying specific gaps in existing resources , whilst drawing general lessons for syllabus design , teaching methods and materials which can possible be applied to various community languages .
it is also necessary to carry out further work on the production of teaching materials , identifying specific gaps in [being] resources , whilst drawing general lessons for syllabus design , teaching methods and materials which can possible be applied to various community languages .

Work has also been done with English and communications skills staff who have been offered separate introductory courses which build on their existing expertise in language analysis .
work has also been done with english and communications skills staff who have been offered separate introductory courses which build on their [being] expertise in language analysis .

Our workshop , on Staff Development for Language Teachers in Secondary Schools , although highlighting the informal possibilities which can be developed by committed teachers operating collectively wherever they happen to be working , was not intended to weaken the case for proper provision for community languages with proper validation of the existing expertise .
our workshop , on staff development for language teachers in secondary schools , although highlighting the informal possibilities which can be developed by committed teachers operating collectively wherever they happen to be working , was not intended to weaken the case for proper provision for community languages with proper validation of the [being] expertise .

The Existing Language Skills and Attitudes
the [being] language skills and attitudes

The existing communicative skills of competent service providers are often underestimated .
the [being] communicative skills of competent service providers are often underestimated .

It is also worth mentioning three sets of existing attitudes which have to be overcome because it is always wise to know what you are up against .
it is also worth mentioning three sets of [being] attitudes which have to be overcome because it is always wise to know what you are up against .

The largest was at Gretna on the Solway Firth and it became no less than a State-developed new town , south-west of the existing village .
the largest was at gretna on the solway firth and it became no less than a state-developed new town , south-west of the [being] village .

In truth , for the most part , town planning at the outbreak of the Second World War had become little more than a token regulatory hand , useful in developing areas , but of little consequence in the existing areas .
in truth , for the most part , town planning at the outbreak of the second world war had become little more than a token regulatory hand , useful in developing areas , but of little consequence in the [being] areas .

For rebuilding , it was recommended that existing clauses governing the height and site coverage of buildings should be reviewed ; a revised table of heights and angles of set-back was put forward and a new code of daylighting adopted .
for rebuilding , it was recommended that [being] clauses governing the height and site coverage of buildings should be reviewed ; a revised table of heights and angles of set-back was put forward and a new code of daylighting adopted .

Planning policies tend to run behind developments and trends , and all too often the planning machine has given the impression of existing more for the benefit of those who run it ( professionals and politicians ) than those who are served by it .
planning policies tend to run behind developments and trends , and all too often the planning machine has given the impression of [being] more for the benefit of those who run it ( professionals and politicians ) than those who are served by it .

Urban road construction took a back seat as new interest was shown in restrictions on existing road usage , possibilities of upgrading public transport ( as suggested by the introduction of the metro for Tyne-Wear ) , and policies on subsidized fares .
urban road construction took a back seat as new interest was shown in restrictions on [being] road usage , possibilities of upgrading public transport ( as suggested by the introduction of the metro for tyne-wear ) , and policies on subsidized fares .

New ideas such as the transmutation of species acquired political overtones because they symbolized a challenge to the existing power structure both within science and within society at large .
new ideas such as the transmutation of species acquired political overtones because they symbolized a challenge to the [being] power structure both within science and within society at large .

Control of the existing social machinery counted for quite a lot in this battle ; the reformers forced some concessions but failed to topple the existing hierarchy .
control of the [being] social machinery counted for quite a lot in this battle ; the reformers forced some concessions but failed to topple the [being] hierarchy .

The relationships were not physical ones produced by transmutation , but ideal ones existing in the mind of God .
the relationships were not physical ones produced by transmutation , but ideal ones [being] in the mind of god .

Here de Candolle 's concept of species being at war with one another , discussed at length by Lyell , must have allowed Darwin to see that the population of any species is always tending to expand into the surrounding territory , if necessary at the expense of the existing inhabitants .
here de candolle 's concept of species being at war with one another , discussed at length by lyell , must have allowed darwin to see that the population of any species is always tending to expand into the surrounding territory , if necessary at the expense of the [being] inhabitants .

From the random individual variation existing within any population , the ‘ survival of the fittest ’ would pick out those with useful characters and thus intensify the adaptive feature in each generation .
from the random individual variation [being] within any population , the ‘ survival of the fittest ’ would pick out those with useful characters and thus intensify the adaptive feature in each generation .

He too had been influenced by Lyell , and as early as 1855 had published a paper commenting on the fact that new species always seemed to appear in the same neighbourhood as a closely related existing species .
he too had been influenced by lyell , and as early as 1855 had published a paper commenting on the fact that new species always seemed to appear in the same neighbourhood as a closely related [being] species .

Like Darwin , Wallace had been led by a study of biogeography to see how new species might be produced when existing ones migrated into areas with different environments .
like darwin , wallace had been led by a study of biogeography to see how new species might be produced when [being] ones migrated into areas with different environments .

Most early ecologists simply assumed that the physical environment was stable and that existing species would establish natural relationships with one another in each area .
most early ecologists simply assumed that the physical environment was stable and that [being] species would establish natural relationships with one another in each area .

The question asked by a number of would-be high-bay constructors was whether insurers and legislators ( both in central and local government ) were overemphasizing the dangers of fire in high-bay warehouses and also whether they really understood the significant differences existing between different classifications of system .
the question asked by a number of would-be high-bay constructors was whether insurers and legislators ( both in central and local government ) were overemphasizing the dangers of fire in high-bay warehouses and also whether they really understood the significant differences [being] between different classifications of system .

The essence of that hope is that through self-knowledge , existing constraints on thought and action can be better appreciated and thereby overcome .
the essence of that hope is that through self-knowledge , [being] constraints on thought and action can be better appreciated and thereby overcome .

This is the view that , because criticism works by being directed on existing knowledge claims , it follows that nothing in general can be said about criticism .
this is the view that , because criticism works by being directed on [being] knowledge claims , it follows that nothing in general can be said about criticism .

Unless the system can be shown to reproduce it more efficiently than any existing system it is probably not worth considering .
unless the system can be shown to reproduce it more efficiently than any [being] system it is probably not worth considering .

The only thing the Grafpad has to offer that the screen-based packages do n't is the facility to use the pen to trace an existing drawing on paper into the computer 's memory and even this is limited by the accuracy of the tablet .
the only thing the grafpad has to offer that the screen-based packages do n't is the facility to use the pen to trace an [being] drawing on paper into the computer 's memory and even this is limited by the accuracy of the tablet .

Many users modify existing style sheets but this can bring along huge amounts of excess styling information that you either do n't want or had forgotten was in there .
many users modify [being] style sheets but this can bring along huge amounts of excess styling information that you either do n't want or had forgotten was in there .

a picture taken from an existing library and not specially commissioned .
a picture taken from an [being] library and not specially commissioned .

It is possible to scan them with the existing equipment and incorporate their digitised image directly into the page design but the quality is still rather poor .
it is possible to scan them with the [being] equipment and incorporate their digitised image directly into the page design but the quality is still rather poor .

While Illustrator can be used as a straight drawing tool , it is really most at home tracing and improving existing artwork .
while illustrator can be used as a straight drawing tool , it is really most at home tracing and improving [being] artwork .

Any MacPaint format image , whether existing art or a scanned illustration , can now be traced at the click of a button .
any macpaint format image , whether [being] art or a scanned illustration , can now be traced at the click of a button .

For those that have been put off by the laborious nature of the program 's drawing method the new freehand and auto trace tools offer a quick and easy method of generating high quality artwork from scanned or existing material .
for those that have been put off by the laborious nature of the program 's drawing method the new freehand and auto trace tools offer a quick and easy method of generating high quality artwork from scanned or [being] material .

To begin with the user needs little if any re-training and certainly no real deign or layout skill while the software is a simple upgrade from existing word processing with the ability to dive page printers and incorporate simple graphics .
to begin with the user needs little if any re-training and certainly no real deign or layout skill while the software is a simple upgrade from [being] word processing with the ability to dive page printers and incorporate simple graphics .

Agfa has just launched a network of nine bureau round the country and there are perhaps a further dozen individual set-ups currently operating , many as part of an existing desktop publishing bureau and so capable of providing assistance with the overall design of the presentation .
agfa has just launched a network of nine bureau round the country and there are perhaps a further dozen individual set-ups currently operating , many as part of an [being] desktop publishing bureau and so capable of providing assistance with the overall design of the presentation .

If you already operate a conventional publications production system then you will have little problem in converting those existing skills onto the new technology .
if you already operate a conventional publications production system then you will have little problem in converting those [being] skills onto the new technology .

Accepting that you will need to provide either training or re-training for your existing staff means that you will remember to budget for it in the overall cost of the system .
accepting that you will need to provide either training or re-training for your [being] staff means that you will remember to budget for it in the overall cost of the system .

However , it may well be worth considering taking one of the existing operators and using them to provide all the formatting .
however , it may well be worth considering taking one of the [being] operators and using them to provide all the formatting .

The only problem is managing it as , if electronic publishing is the first involvement that your company has had with publishing , it is unlikely that the existing management will have experience of copyflow , editing , and other essential management checkpoints that help ensure the quality of the documents you produce .
the only problem is managing it as , if electronic publishing is the first involvement that your company has had with publishing , it is unlikely that the [being] management will have experience of copyflow , editing , and other essential management checkpoints that help ensure the quality of the documents you produce .

In other words , existing social/organisational arrangements are still considered to be legitimate , or natural , and the main question which remains is how to control or utilise inevitable conflicts .
in other words , [being] social/organisational arrangements are still considered to be legitimate , or natural , and the main question which remains is how to control or utilise inevitable conflicts .

seeks to pull down existing organisational structures altogether .
seeks to pull down [being] organisational structures altogether .

Companies tend to choose to reorganise when existing structure ceases to serve its purpose rather than when a new opportunity or developmental stage is being planned .
companies tend to choose to reorganise when [being] structure ceases to serve its purpose rather than when a new opportunity or developmental stage is being planned .

of tasks and structure . The matrix structure may be short-term ( as with project teams ) or readily amended ( eg. a new product manager can be introduced by superimposing his tasks on those of the existing functional managers ) ;
of tasks and structure . the matrix structure may be short-term ( as with project teams ) or readily amended ( eg. a new product manager can be introduced by superimposing his tasks on those of the [being] functional managers ) ;

But did n't there have to be something out there , just to witness , just to know ? Hell , it did n't even have to do anything ; it did n't have to act on prayers or have us singled out as a special species , or play any part in our history and development ; it did n't even necessarily have to have created us , or created anything , all it had to do was exist and have existed and go on existing , to record , to encompass .
but did n't there have to be something out there , just to witness , just to know ? hell , it did n't even have to do anything ; it did n't have to act on prayers or have us singled out as a special species , or play any part in our history and development ; it did n't even necessarily have to have created us , or created anything , all it had to do was exist and have existed and go on [being] , to record , to encompass .

The future prospect of existing industry creating a really significant number of jobs — sufficient for instance , to halve our present unemployment — looks remote .
the future prospect of [being] industry creating a really significant number of jobs — sufficient for instance , to halve our present unemployment — looks remote .

Are they a means of merely reapportioning the existing cake ?
are they a means of merely reapportioning the [being] cake ?

In its existing form industrialised Britain makes for constantly variable labour needs , and this gives little security to the employees .
in its [being] form industrialised britain makes for constantly variable labour needs , and this gives little security to the employees .

With the exception of the computer industry , little effort seems to have been made to develop new industries ; instead there has been concentration on making our existing industries more efficient and competitive .
with the exception of the computer industry , little effort seems to have been made to develop new industries ; instead there has been concentration on making our [being] industries more efficient and competitive .

In the past , the unions have demanded , and got , a larger slice of the existing ‘ cake ’ — the profits of the industry in which they work .
in the past , the unions have demanded , and got , a larger slice of the [being] ‘ cake ’ — the profits of the industry in which they work .

While a wealth tax would be difficult and cumbersome to administer , it could perhaps form a part of a total or partial replacement to existing income taxes .
while a wealth tax would be difficult and cumbersome to administer , it could perhaps form a part of a total or partial replacement to [being] income taxes .

So far , we have dwelt only on existing , traditional industries already within the government 's fiscal philosophies .
so far , we have dwelt only on [being] , traditional industries already within the government 's fiscal philosophies .

If the nation is to create the jobs necessary to reduce the unemployment list rapidly , we have to find a way of creating or expanding service industries without the need for their dependence on the existing producing industries .
if the nation is to create the jobs necessary to reduce the unemployment list rapidly , we have to find a way of creating or expanding service industries without the need for their dependence on the [being] producing industries .

During the first ten years he developed many new lines , and the earliest existing price-list ( 1842 ) offers sixteen varieties of drinking chocolate and eleven cocoas .
during the first ten years he developed many new lines , and the earliest [being] price-list ( 1842 ) offers sixteen varieties of drinking chocolate and eleven cocoas .

During those periods of service on overseas railways he had made a special study of existing types of articulated locomotive , such as the Fairlie , Meyer , and Mallet , and the problems involved in achieving , especially on narrow-gauge track , adequate stability , traction , and speed .
during those periods of service on overseas railways he had made a special study of [being] types of articulated locomotive , such as the fairlie , meyer , and mallet , and the problems involved in achieving , especially on narrow-gauge track , adequate stability , traction , and speed .

as locomotive superintendent of the London and South Western Railway , where he had new and well-equipped locomotive workshops built in Eastleigh to replace the existing inadequate facilities in Nine Elms in London .
as locomotive superintendent of the london and south western railway , where he had new and well-equipped locomotive workshops built in eastleigh to replace the [being] inadequate facilities in nine elms in london .

For the Trinity chapel beyond the presbytery , William was unhampered by an existing structure .
for the trinity chapel beyond the presbytery , william was unhampered by an [being] structure .

This meant adding a civil commitment to his existing military one and augmenting his staff from selected members of the civilian staff at Scotland Yard .
this meant adding a civil commitment to his [being] military one and augmenting his staff from selected members of the civilian staff at scotland yard .

By then he had also begun to produce the works for which he is principally remembered , pen or lithographic facsimile reproductions of early printing and wood engraving , generally intended to remedy defects in existing copies of books .
by then he had also begun to produce the works for which he is principally remembered , pen or lithographic facsimile reproductions of early printing and wood engraving , generally intended to remedy defects in [being] copies of books .

The treaty of Nanjing had opened the interior of China , but no existing mission had accepted the challenge .
the treaty of nanjing had opened the interior of china , but no [being] mission had accepted the challenge .

He was involved with Alexander Allan , the works manager at Liverpool , in rebuilding existing inside-cylinder locomotives , the crank axles of which frequently fractured , with outside-cylinder drive .
he was involved with alexander allan , the works manager at liverpool , in rebuilding [being] inside-cylinder locomotives , the crank axles of which frequently fractured , with outside-cylinder drive .

He regarded all existing churches as false , believing the true church would emerge only at the end of the 1,260 years in the wilderness ( Revelations xii .
he regarded all [being] churches as false , believing the true church would emerge only at the end of the 1,260 years in the wilderness ( revelations xii .

Existing translations of the Bible were so faulty , he complained , that they should be called in .
[being] translations of the bible were so faulty , he complained , that they should be called in .

Wolf identified himself with the existing élite of Anglo-Jewry in regarding Jewish emancipation in England as a success story , and expecting that the growth of tolerance would enable Jews elsewhere to live both within their ancestral religion and culture , and as full citizens of their respective countries .
wolf identified himself with the [being] élite of anglo-jewry in regarding jewish emancipation in england as a success story , and expecting that the growth of tolerance would enable jews elsewhere to live both within their ancestral religion and culture , and as full citizens of their respective countries .

deliver a harsh attack on how the existing churches had alienated themselves from the working man .
deliver a harsh attack on how the [being] churches had alienated themselves from the working man .

Crowe 's long-standing ambition to secure the lease of the royal ironworks in the Forest of Dean was finally rewarded in 1635 when he and his partners obtained the lease after the existing lessees had fallen foul of the royal forest jurisdiction .
crowe 's long-standing ambition to secure the lease of the royal ironworks in the forest of dean was finally rewarded in 1635 when he and his partners obtained the lease after the [being] lessees had fallen foul of the royal forest jurisdiction .

It is uncertain whether he composed this song himself or adapted an existing poem to the mocking , sentimental tone that was his and was already regarded as typical of Dublin .
it is uncertain whether he composed this song himself or adapted an [being] poem to the mocking , sentimental tone that was his and was already regarded as typical of dublin .

He added to many existing houses and castles , but his finest design is probably Stracathro House of 1828 with its noble Corinthian portico .
he added to many [being] houses and castles , but his finest design is probably stracathro house of 1828 with its noble corinthian portico .

In 1861 he was appointed manager of the Cowlairs works of the Edinburgh and Glasgow ( later North British ) Railway and in 1865 locomotive superintendent of the newly formed Highland Railway at Inverness , where he rebuilt existing locomotives to make them more suitable for use over its heavily graded lines .
in 1861 he was appointed manager of the cowlairs works of the edinburgh and glasgow ( later north british ) railway and in 1865 locomotive superintendent of the newly formed highland railway at inverness , where he rebuilt [being] locomotives to make them more suitable for use over its heavily graded lines .

The growth of such organisations — community groups , tenants ' associations , welfare rights groups , women 's groups , community employment groups , popular planning associations , unemployed centres , alternative technology groups , cooperatives — bear witness to a general discontent with existing social and political structures .
the growth of such organisations — community groups , tenants ' associations , welfare rights groups , women 's groups , community employment groups , popular planning associations , unemployed centres , alternative technology groups , cooperatives — bear witness to a general discontent with [being] social and political structures .

They are concerned to find new ways and means whereby individuals can be freed from existing constraints and afforded the possibility of individual growth and development through collective action .
they are concerned to find new ways and means whereby individuals can be freed from [being] constraints and afforded the possibility of individual growth and development through collective action .

This project worked with existing community groups in the area , helping to set up new groups and acting as a resource for community action .
this project worked with [being] community groups in the area , helping to set up new groups and acting as a resource for community action .

to work towards a vision of a new society based on a radical analysis of existing structures and the lessons and aspirations of the men and women attempting to create new structures at local level ; to stress objectives and content in education as well as methods and process .
to work towards a vision of a new society based on a radical analysis of [being] structures and the lessons and aspirations of the men and women attempting to create new structures at local level ; to stress objectives and content in education as well as methods and process .

On the other hand , there were grave limitations in using existing adult education institutions for radical education and action .
on the other hand , there were grave limitations in using [being] adult education institutions for radical education and action .

Most initiatives arose from the ‘ movement left ’ — that amorphous network of local groupings , cultural ventures and autonomous campaigns that was the legacy of the libertarian revolts of the late 1960s and early 1970s — rather than from within the existing labour movement ( apart from the Institute for Workers ' Control , which in the mid-1970s looked as though it might become a major national forum for the newer movements of the 1970s and the earlier generation of intellectuals and trade unionists who had quit the Communist Party after 1956 ) .
most initiatives arose from the ‘ movement left ’ — that amorphous network of local groupings , cultural ventures and autonomous campaigns that was the legacy of the libertarian revolts of the late 1960s and early 1970s — rather than from within the [being] labour movement ( apart from the institute for workers ' control , which in the mid-1970s looked as though it might become a major national forum for the newer movements of the 1970s and the earlier generation of intellectuals and trade unionists who had quit the communist party after 1956 ) .

Opened by the four Labour-controlled local authorities of South Yorkshire in 1978 , the College was deliberately intended to be rather different from existing residential colleges .
opened by the four labour-controlled local authorities of south yorkshire in 1978 , the college was deliberately intended to be rather different from [being] residential colleges .

Moreover , they are all , in different ways , linked both structurally and ideologically to existing patterns of provision and to the dominant culture and its assumptions .
moreover , they are all , in different ways , linked both structurally and ideologically to [being] patterns of provision and to the dominant culture and its assumptions .

This introduced a system whereby existing shareholders had , in some circumstances , to be afforded pre-emptive rights on an issue of further shares .
this introduced a system whereby [being] shareholders had , in some circumstances , to be afforded pre-emptive rights on an issue of further shares .

What it provides is that a company proposing to allot equity securities shall not allot them to any person unless it has first offered , on the same or more favourable terms , to each person who holds relevant shares or relevant employee shares , a proportion of those equity securities which is as nearly as practicable equal to his existing proportion in nominal value of his aggregate holdings of relevant shares and relevant employee shares .
what it provides is that a company proposing to allot equity securities shall not allot them to any person unless it has first offered , on the same or more favourable terms , to each person who holds relevant shares or relevant employee shares , a proportion of those equity securities which is as nearly as practicable equal to his [being] proportion in nominal value of his aggregate holdings of relevant shares and relevant employee shares .

All this is on the assumption that the proposed issue is exclusively for cash ; when it is proposed to allot shares as consideration payable to the vendor on the acquisition of a business or real property it would be impossible to make an offer to the existing shareholders on the same terms .
all this is on the assumption that the proposed issue is exclusively for cash ; when it is proposed to allot shares as consideration payable to the vendor on the acquisition of a business or real property it would be impossible to make an offer to the [being] shareholders on the same terms .

Only one pre-emptive offering has to be made ; if it is not accepted in full , shares not taken up may be allotted to anyone ; accepting existing shareholders do not have to be given further pre-emptive rights in respect of those unaccepted shares .
only one pre-emptive offering has to be made ; if it is not accepted in full , shares not taken up may be allotted to anyone ; accepting [being] shareholders do not have to be given further pre-emptive rights in respect of those unaccepted shares .

The result of sections 91 and 95 is that the statutory pre-emptive rights can be disapplied with relative ease and afford an individual equity shareholder precious little assurance that his existing pre-emptive rights will be preserved unless his shares carry significant votes to block the passing of a special resolution .
the result of sections 91 and 95 is that the statutory pre-emptive rights can be disapplied with relative ease and afford an individual equity shareholder precious little assurance that his [being] pre-emptive rights will be preserved unless his shares carry significant votes to block the passing of a special resolution .

Shares may be acquired either ( a ) from the company itself on an issue by it or ( b ) by taking a transfer from an existing shareholder .
shares may be acquired either ( a ) from the company itself on an issue by it or ( b ) by taking a transfer from an [being] shareholder .

by taking a transfer of shares from an existing member and shareholder .
by taking a transfer of shares from an [being] member and shareholder .

The argument failed for the very good reason that the disposition of the company 's property took place when the charge was created and not when the charge was enforced ; the floating charge is an existing charge and not one arising in the future when the charge is enforced or when it crystallises .
the argument failed for the very good reason that the disposition of the company 's property took place when the charge was created and not when the charge was enforced ; the floating charge is an [being] charge and not one arising in the future when the charge is enforced or when it crystallises .

Most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an existing charge have to be registered in the company 's register of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .
most of the problems in this area have now been resolved by the requirement that undertakings by a company not to create subsequent charges having priority to an [being] charge have to be registered in the company 's register of charges and this will constitute notice to any person who is taking a charge which also has to be registered .

The Cork Committee considered that section 245 should not be extended to fixed charges since the charge would relate to the company 's existing assets whereas the floating charge could cover future assets .
the cork committee considered that section 245 should not be extended to fixed charges since the charge would relate to the company 's [being] assets whereas the floating charge could cover future assets .

But the most potent sanction is that non-registration in the register maintained by the Registrar of charges created by the company ( as opposed to existing charge on property acquired by the company ) destroys the validity of the charge .
but the most potent sanction is that non-registration in the register maintained by the registrar of charges created by the company ( as opposed to [being] charge on property acquired by the company ) destroys the validity of the charge .

First , section 401 applies to provisions which supplement or vary the particulars of an existing charge and therefore in some situations it will be necessary to distinguish between this and the creation of a new charge .
first , section 401 applies to provisions which supplement or vary the particulars of an [being] charge and therefore in some situations it will be necessary to distinguish between this and the creation of a new charge .

The receiver is not , however , obliged to fulfil existing contracts and because of this it is claimed that in this regard he is better placed than the company which of course must stand by its contracts .
the receiver is not , however , obliged to fulfil [being] contracts and because of this it is claimed that in this regard he is better placed than the company which of course must stand by its contracts .

The reason for this is one of priorities ; if the receiver were obliged to fulfil existing contracts it would mean that the unsecured creditors would be in a position to require fulfilment of their contracts before the receiver could realise the security .
the reason for this is one of priorities ; if the receiver were obliged to fulfil [being] contracts it would mean that the unsecured creditors would be in a position to require fulfilment of their contracts before the receiver could realise the security .

So far as the law of affray is concerned , the provision in section 3 ( 5 ) that the offence may be committed in private as well as in public states the existing law on the point , and arguably ‘ corrects the error ’ that had crept in to the law a century or so earlier .
so far as the law of affray is concerned , the provision in section 3 ( 5 ) that the offence may be committed in private as well as in public states the [being] law on the point , and arguably ‘ corrects the error ’ that had crept in to the law a century or so earlier .

This probably repeats the existing law .
this probably repeats the [being] law .

This probably changes the existing law , making the offence more difficult to prove .
this probably changes the [being] law , making the offence more difficult to prove .

Both of these offences are currently under review by the Law Commission , which canvassed suggestions that the existing law should be modernised to prevent the disruption of religious services or offensive conduct in places of public worship .
both of these offences are currently under review by the law commission , which canvassed suggestions that the [being] law should be modernised to prevent the disruption of religious services or offensive conduct in places of public worship .

The existing law
the [being] law

It remains to be seen whether this new power will be used in such a way as to augment the existing powers that the police enjoy to give directions to prevent the occurrence of a breach of the peace .
it remains to be seen whether this new power will be used in such a way as to augment the [being] powers that the police enjoy to give directions to prevent the occurrence of a breach of the peace .

It is a difficult question to know how far they merely duplicate the existing common law powers that arise from the obligation imposed upon the police to preserve the peace , which plainly permit the police to give instructions to limit the numbers at a gathering if that should be necessary to prevent an imminent breach of the peace .
it is a difficult question to know how far they merely duplicate the [being] common law powers that arise from the obligation imposed upon the police to preserve the peace , which plainly permit the police to give instructions to limit the numbers at a gathering if that should be necessary to prevent an imminent breach of the peace .

Insofar as the section enables instructions to be given well in advance of the public assembly , it might be thought to augment the existing powers , since the breach of the peace ( or other disorder ) may be some days distant when the conditions ( which must be in writing when they are given in advance ) are issued .
insofar as the section enables instructions to be given well in advance of the public assembly , it might be thought to augment the [being] powers , since the breach of the peace ( or other disorder ) may be some days distant when the conditions ( which must be in writing when they are given in advance ) are issued .

It was envisaged by Parliament that the services might be developed in a more selective way , becoming available only to those who chose to have such a facility , and it was contemplated that there would not be the same obligations of good taste and balance that are required of existing television broadcasters .
it was envisaged by parliament that the services might be developed in a more selective way , becoming available only to those who chose to have such a facility , and it was contemplated that there would not be the same obligations of good taste and balance that are required of [being] television broadcasters .

We have chosen to describe this model in detail because in our view it is both more complete , and better able to offer explanations of many more findings , than other existing models of visual word-recognition .
we have chosen to describe this model in detail because in our view it is both more complete , and better able to offer explanations of many more findings , than other [being] models of visual word-recognition .

During the period , apart from emergencies , any additional funding must come from existing programmes ( Collender , 1992 , 280–93 ) .
during the period , apart from emergencies , any additional funding must come from [being] programmes ( collender , 1992 , 280–93 ) .

In this way the self-perpetuating mechanisms work in order to supply ‘ suitable ’ occupants of Civil Service posts , that is similar in outlook and qualities to the existing incumbents .
in this way the self-perpetuating mechanisms work in order to supply ‘ suitable ’ occupants of civil service posts , that is similar in outlook and qualities to the [being] incumbents .

As we have seen , Max Weber himself appreciated the large gulf existing between the ideal position of permanent bureaucratic officials and their real position vis-a-vis party politicians .
as we have seen , max weber himself appreciated the large gulf [being] between the ideal position of permanent bureaucratic officials and their real position vis-a-vis party politicians .

Since the end of the Cold War , there have been attempts to reassess the concept of national security , for example by Barry Buzan , whose analysis addresses the contradictions frequently existing between state security and the security of individuals and groups within the state .
since the end of the cold war , there have been attempts to reassess the concept of national security , for example by barry buzan , whose analysis addresses the contradictions frequently [being] between state security and the security of individuals and groups within the state .

Fragmentation is a process involving the disintegration of existing states and the formation of new states in an attempt to produce conformity between the boundaries of peoples and territories — to create ‘ genuinely ’ national states .
fragmentation is a process involving the disintegration of [being] states and the formation of new states in an attempt to produce conformity between the boundaries of peoples and territories — to create ‘ genuinely ’ national states .

Unlike the integration process , which threatens the concept of the sovereign state , fragmentation threatens the integrity of existing states but is strongly supportive of the idea of statehood .
unlike the integration process , which threatens the concept of the sovereign state , fragmentation threatens the integrity of [being] states but is strongly supportive of the idea of statehood .

This necessitates the strengthening of existing international institutions , such as the United Nations , or the creation of new institutions capable of meeting the challenge of globalization .
this necessitates the strengthening of [being] international institutions , such as the united nations , or the creation of new institutions capable of meeting the challenge of globalization .

In practice , a variety of perspectives is likely to be employed in analysis of global politics , although the need for refinement of existing models and development of alternatives is evident .
in practice , a variety of perspectives is likely to be employed in analysis of global politics , although the need for refinement of [being] models and development of alternatives is evident .

For predicting the amounts and timing of future outflows resulting from existing commitments and the ability of the governmental unit to meet these when they come due .
for predicting the amounts and timing of future outflows resulting from [being] commitments and the ability of the governmental unit to meet these when they come due .

This is not to suggest that the existing system does not have its problems .
this is not to suggest that the [being] system does not have its problems .

depreciation accounting , instead of the existing system .
depreciation accounting , instead of the [being] system .

There is no doubt that in the past this is where depreciation accounting has floundered , as an addition to the existing system : local taxes were judged to be incapable of bearing the additional burden .
there is no doubt that in the past this is where depreciation accounting has floundered , as an addition to the [being] system : local taxes were judged to be incapable of bearing the additional burden .

In summary , substituting depreciation accounting for the existing method would make revenue accounts more relevant for cost comparisons but less reliable for financial control .
in summary , substituting depreciation accounting for the [being] method would make revenue accounts more relevant for cost comparisons but less reliable for financial control .

Adding depreciation accounting to the existing system has , in the past , not been affordable .
adding depreciation accounting to the [being] system has , in the past , not been affordable .

In this , we might keep the existing loan redemptions for the tax calculations but substitute depreciation charges for cost comparisons and management information generally .
in this , we might keep the [being] loan redemptions for the tax calculations but substitute depreciation charges for cost comparisons and management information generally .

Turning to the local authority case , this is how the existing method of
turning to the local authority case , this is how the [being] method of

This might lead us to conclude that in the case where taxes can not bear the additional charges resulting from depreciation accounting ( which is another way of saying that there is not the political will to impose them ) , in order to retain control of the charge to revenue accounts , the existing system will remain .
this might lead us to conclude that in the case where taxes can not bear the additional charges resulting from depreciation accounting ( which is another way of saying that there is not the political will to impose them ) , in order to retain control of the charge to revenue accounts , the [being] system will remain .

Consequently , the ultimate objectives tend to cut across departmental boundaries , and net expenditure on these objectives is concealed by the existing objective classification .
consequently , the ultimate objectives tend to cut across departmental boundaries , and net expenditure on these objectives is concealed by the [being] objective classification .

Not finding anything among the existing styles to which she was exposed , she created her own , dedicating it to the Buddhist nun who had taught her , but naming it after herself .
not finding anything among the [being] styles to which she was exposed , she created her own , dedicating it to the buddhist nun who had taught her , but naming it after herself .

During the Japanese occupation of Korea ( 1910–1945 ) Japanese influences were introduced into the existing Korean martial arts .
during the japanese occupation of korea ( 1910–1945 ) japanese influences were introduced into the [being] korean martial arts .

In much work that was to develop within the compass of physical geography , the chronology assumed a greater significance , it required a greater knowledge of existing and recently developed dating techniques , and it thus involved close liaison with other disciplines particularly geology , biology and archaeology amongst the broadening spectrum of the earth and environmental sciences .
in much work that was to develop within the compass of physical geography , the chronology assumed a greater significance , it required a greater knowledge of [being] and recently developed dating techniques , and it thus involved close liaison with other disciplines particularly geology , biology and archaeology amongst the broadening spectrum of the earth and environmental sciences .

When looking through windows for evidence it is often the case that the researcher only sees those types of evidence with a significance that has previously been established , and with an association that complies with existing models .
when looking through windows for evidence it is often the case that the researcher only sees those types of evidence with a significance that has previously been established , and with an association that complies with [being] models .

To complement these existing techniques new ones have developed which derive particularly from isotopic dating techniques and from analysis of deep-sea ocean cores .
to complement these [being] techniques new ones have developed which derive particularly from isotopic dating techniques and from analysis of deep-sea ocean cores .

The pages of many of the new journals initiated after 1960 ( Table 1.1. p. 6 ) were commonly occupied by results of investigations of environmental processes and existing journals also reflected an influx of process-based papers .
the pages of many of the new journals initiated after 1960 ( table 1.1. p. 6 ) were commonly occupied by results of investigations of environmental processes and [being] journals also reflected an influx of process-based papers .

Soviet friendship and cooperation treaties with Third World states were intended to displace or counteract the existing alignments and alliances between these states and the Western powers .
soviet friendship and cooperation treaties with third world states were intended to displace or counteract the [being] alignments and alliances between these states and the western powers .

Nevertheless , the low sea level would have killed existing corals , which do not survive above low tide level as a rule , so that there ought to be discontinuities in the reefs , and , if those who believe in progressively lower interglacial sea levels are correct , the reefs should exhibit a terraced or stepped form .
nevertheless , the low sea level would have killed [being] corals , which do not survive above low tide level as a rule , so that there ought to be discontinuities in the reefs , and , if those who believe in progressively lower interglacial sea levels are correct , the reefs should exhibit a terraced or stepped form .

The new load could not be transported over the existing river gradients , as these were not sufficiently steep .
the new load could not be transported over the [being] river gradients , as these were not sufficiently steep .

Within the public sector we need to be aware of formal relations existing at different levels and we need to show how these organisations relate to each other .
within the public sector we need to be aware of formal relations [being] at different levels and we need to show how these organisations relate to each other .

The picture that is emerging is of dynamic organisations existing within changing environments with the need to balance competing tendencies to survive .
the picture that is emerging is of dynamic organisations [being] within changing environments with the need to balance competing tendencies to survive .

The difficulty arises , as we saw with professional groupings , of sub-groups existing within an organisation that do not all share the same goals or values .
the difficulty arises , as we saw with professional groupings , of sub-groups [being] within an organisation that do not all share the same goals or values .

Depending upon the strength of the existing culture then , change is not easily brought about .
depending upon the strength of the [being] culture then , change is not easily brought about .

These varied from what was essentially the retention of the existing system with a few modifications , to an option referred to as a Commerce Railway consisting of about 16 per cent of the existing network ( meaning that to travel from Manchester to Leeds one would need to go via London ) .
these varied from what was essentially the retention of the [being] system with a few modifications , to an option referred to as a commerce railway consisting of about 16 per cent of the [being] network ( meaning that to travel from manchester to leeds one would need to go via london ) .

An increment is a small step from the existing position .
an increment is a small step from the [being] position .

Giant leaps into the unknown are dangerous and therefore wiser counsel may preach limited change from the existing position .
giant leaps into the unknown are dangerous and therefore wiser counsel may preach limited change from the [being] position .

‘ Expenditure on new construction , land , and extensions of and alterations to existing buildings and the purchase of any other fixed asset ( e.g. machinery and plant ) — including vehicles — having an expected working life of more than one year ’ ( Likierman , 1988 , p. 219 ) ; while current expenditure on goods and services ‘ includes direct expenditure by central and local government on providing services ( e.g. health or education ) … ’ ( Ibid. , p. 220 ) .
‘ expenditure on new construction , land , and extensions of and alterations to [being] buildings and the purchase of any other fixed asset ( e.g. machinery and plant ) — including vehicles — having an expected working life of more than one year ’ ( likierman , 1988 , p. 219 ) ; while current expenditure on goods and services ‘ includes direct expenditure by central and local government on providing services ( e.g. health or education ) … ’ ( ibid. , p. 220 ) .

The environment will generate demands which could be met by the increment in the budget without challenging the existing budget thus leaving existing programmes of expenditure untouched .
the environment will generate demands which could be met by the increment in the budget without challenging the [being] budget thus leaving [being] programmes of expenditure untouched .

The possibility of conflict is reduced because of the expectation of the continued availability of the increment to avoid the questioning of the existing budget ( or baseline as it is often referred to ) .
the possibility of conflict is reduced because of the expectation of the continued availability of the increment to avoid the questioning of the [being] budget ( or baseline as it is often referred to ) .

The budgetary process focuses more clearly on the resource allocation process with more thorough scrutiny of existing commitments .
the budgetary process focuses more clearly on the resource allocation process with more thorough scrutiny of [being] commitments .

Increasingly close scrutiny of discretionary expenditure and consideration given to alternative methods of achieving existing goals .
increasingly close scrutiny of discretionary expenditure and consideration given to alternative methods of achieving [being] goals .

First of all , we will use the total-chromatic in a succession of consonant two-note groups ( Example 108 ) : Our next step is to form three-part harmony by adding a note to each chord which is dissonant with one of the existing notes .
first of all , we will use the total-chromatic in a succession of consonant two-note groups ( example 108 ) : our next step is to form three-part harmony by adding a note to each chord which is dissonant with one of the [being] notes .

This means that the added contradicting note must be a major or minor 2nd ( or 7th or 9th ) distant from either existing note : To form four-part harmony we now add a lower part which again contradicts an upper part except in the fifth chord .
this means that the added contradicting note must be a major or minor 2nd ( or 7th or 9th ) distant from either [being] note : to form four-part harmony we now add a lower part which again contradicts an upper part except in the fifth chord .

Numerically easily the most significant has been the process of accretion , whereby existing courses have joined the scheme , accepted its rules and conventions and added their subject contribution , in the form of fields , to what is already on offer .
numerically easily the most significant has been the process of accretion , whereby [being] courses have joined the scheme , accepted its rules and conventions and added their subject contribution , in the form of fields , to what is already on offer .

Each draws significantly upon previously existing courses and each attempts to fill a gap in the current national provision of undergraduate education .
each draws significantly upon previously [being] courses and each attempts to fill a gap in the current national provision of undergraduate education .

The five double fields ( each related to a professional register ) which comprise the degree in nursing and midwifery involve redefinition of the existing training scheme , accretion of new subject areas in health-related studies and the invention of a new and unique opportunity for intending students .
the five double fields ( each related to a professional register ) which comprise the degree in nursing and midwifery involve redefinition of the [being] training scheme , accretion of new subject areas in health-related studies and the invention of a new and unique opportunity for intending students .

to be designed around the established needs of the Course and its working practices , academic structure and regulations , in order to assist all staff and students to fulfil their roles ( on occasion , analysis for proposed developments showed up imperfections in existing procedures and sharpened user perceptions of their roles and working practices ) ;
to be designed around the established needs of the course and its working practices , academic structure and regulations , in order to assist all staff and students to fulfil their roles ( on occasion , analysis for proposed developments showed up imperfections in [being] procedures and sharpened user perceptions of their roles and working practices ) ;

Scarce programming resources can be swamped by maintenance work on existing systems , to the detriment of work on new developments .
scarce programming resources can be swamped by maintenance work on [being] systems , to the detriment of work on new developments .

But it was perhaps in the great days of immigration that the station acted as a centre of awareness for the existing population viewing their new fellow citizens , and for the immigrants discovering the no less real inequalities of their adopted country .
but it was perhaps in the great days of immigration that the station acted as a centre of awareness for the [being] population viewing their new fellow citizens , and for the immigrants discovering the no less real inequalities of their adopted country .

The first task of the regional committees was to bring the existing voluntary schemes within the scope of the statutory Scheme and to establish new local schemes so as to secure coverage of ‘ busy ’ courts .
the first task of the regional committees was to bring the [being] voluntary schemes within the scope of the statutory scheme and to establish new local schemes so as to secure coverage of ‘ busy ’ courts .

As to the question of overall responsibility for the system , the Scrutiny team recommended that there should be a nationally based Legal Services Board responsible for all aspects of legal aid and advice , controlling all the necessary operations through the existing area offices directly and through agents in the courts .
as to the question of overall responsibility for the system , the scrutiny team recommended that there should be a nationally based legal services board responsible for all aspects of legal aid and advice , controlling all the necessary operations through the [being] area offices directly and through agents in the courts .

Its diagnosis of existing weaknesses was unexceptional , with reference to the lack of co-ordination in the provision of advice agencies , overlap in the service provided by advice agencies and private practitioners and difficulties in obtaining advice in an emergency .
its diagnosis of [being] weaknesses was unexceptional , with reference to the lack of co-ordination in the provision of advice agencies , overlap in the service provided by advice agencies and private practitioners and difficulties in obtaining advice in an emergency .

In essence , the existing green form scheme should be abolished and replaced by a system of advice based on a much greater involvement of advice agencies .
in essence , the [being] green form scheme should be abolished and replaced by a system of advice based on a much greater involvement of advice agencies .

The White Paper accepted that there was force in some of the objections that had been made , and expressed the belief that the existing Green Form Scheme could be ‘ improved to provide better service at lower cost .
the white paper accepted that there was force in some of the objections that had been made , and expressed the belief that the [being] green form scheme could be ‘ improved to provide better service at lower cost .

Before commencing an action in the county court under the existing system , the potential plaintiff must consider whether the claim is within the jurisdiction of the court and whether there are factors which might justify use of the High Court instead .
before commencing an action in the county court under the [being] system , the potential plaintiff must consider whether the claim is within the jurisdiction of the court and whether there are factors which might justify use of the high court instead .

The changes in the early 1970s were modifications of existing procedure and did not represent a major shift in emphasis .
the changes in the early 1970s were modifications of [being] procedure and did not represent a major shift in emphasis .

Existing representation arrangements will continue , but orders will not be processed by Gollancz after 31st January .
[being] representation arrangements will continue , but orders will not be processed by gollancz after 31st january .

An obvious clue is to look to strong book selling sections — art , gardening , photography , natural history , science fiction , whatever — and think about matching your buying to these existing strengths .
an obvious clue is to look to strong book selling sections — art , gardening , photography , natural history , science fiction , whatever — and think about matching your buying to these [being] strengths .

Whilst the White Paper acknowledges that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular existing scheme ’ ( DoH , 1989b , p. 18 ) .
whilst the white paper acknowledges that local policy objectives and resources must be a key context in planning and delivery services , the government appears to be clear that at the point of assessment , decisions must be needs-based and ‘ should not focus only on the user 's suitability for a particular [being] scheme ’ ( doh , 1989b , p. 18 ) .

These emphasize the protection of individual rights , working on behalf of the client for more and better services , and attempting to ensure that existing services meet client needs and provide care to agreed service specifications .
these emphasize the protection of individual rights , working on behalf of the client for more and better services , and attempting to ensure that [being] services meet client needs and provide care to agreed service specifications .

Care also needs to be exercised when choosing a particular case management approach , to examine the existing service context into which it is to be placed since this can have a major influence on the success of the service . As Challis ( 1993a ) says :
care also needs to be exercised when choosing a particular case management approach , to examine the [being] service context into which it is to be placed since this can have a major influence on the success of the service . as challis ( 1993a ) says :

Specific case management services can improve both vertical and horizontal target efficiency , although there is less evidence that they are more technically efficient than existing services .
specific case management services can improve both vertical and horizontal target efficiency , although there is less evidence that they are more technically efficient than [being] services .

The impact of care programming depends on existing practice .
the impact of care programming depends on [being] practice .

Where information technology was available , care programme forms were linked to new or existing systems .
where information technology was available , care programme forms were linked to new or [being] systems .

Some people thought that the care programme approach had little to add to existing services except paperwork .
some people thought that the care programme approach had little to add to [being] services except paperwork .

Of course , this is open to interpretation : for example , it may suggest a limited awareness of care programming and the paying of lip-service to the idea , or it could be the result of thorough consideration of what care programming could offer existing services and the conclusion that it is solely a matter for health authorities ' concern .
of course , this is open to interpretation : for example , it may suggest a limited awareness of care programming and the paying of lip-service to the idea , or it could be the result of thorough consideration of what care programming could offer [being] services and the conclusion that it is solely a matter for health authorities ' concern .

This does not necessarily imply great changes , however , and could be achieved in large part through a reformulation of existing practice , such as job titles and review systems .
this does not necessarily imply great changes , however , and could be achieved in large part through a reformulation of [being] practice , such as job titles and review systems .

In Bexley , by comparison , the community care plan anticipates no change at all in existing systems of working to accommodate care programming :
in bexley , by comparison , the community care plan anticipates no change at all in [being] systems of working to accommodate care programming :

Before starting on clozapine , patients were taken off existing drug regimes .
before starting on clozapine , patients were taken off [being] drug regimes .

In analysing the ways in which informal care in the context of an existing familial relationship is both more than and less than personal assistance , she opens up the rather sterile debate about ‘ burden ’ , ‘ dependency ’ and residential care .
in analysing the ways in which informal care in the context of an [being] familial relationship is both more than and less than personal assistance , she opens up the rather sterile debate about ‘ burden ’ , ‘ dependency ’ and residential care .

Distinct from the previously existing ‘ folk culture ’ , it is only in the late-nineteenth-century city that one can speak with any degree of certainty about the existence of a mass and popular culture .
distinct from the previously [being] ‘ folk culture ’ , it is only in the late-nineteenth-century city that one can speak with any degree of certainty about the existence of a mass and popular culture .

This sort of framework attributes a much greater importance to the real , existing economy than Bourdieu 's own analyses .
this sort of framework attributes a much greater importance to the real , [being] economy than bourdieu 's own analyses .

Paragraph 6 of the 7th Schedule of the Finance Act 1965 provided a perfectly clear , intelligible and unambiguous code regulating what was to happen when companies chose to amalgamate by way of an exchange of the existing shares of one company in consideration of the issue of new shares in the acquiring company .
paragraph 6 of the 7th schedule of the finance act 1965 provided a perfectly clear , intelligible and unambiguous code regulating what was to happen when companies chose to amalgamate by way of an exchange of the [being] shares of one company in consideration of the issue of new shares in the acquiring company .

There is nothing to prevent eleven ( or fewer ) Member States entering into a treaty between themselves on matters outside or additional to the existing treaties — indeed the Maastricht Treaty itself , as is well known , envisages less than twelve Member States acting together in the ‘ new ’ areas of Monetary Union and Social policy — and in that sense can hardly be regarded as deepening the Community as previously defined .
there is nothing to prevent eleven ( or fewer ) member states entering into a treaty between themselves on matters outside or additional to the [being] treaties — indeed the maastricht treaty itself , as is well known , envisages less than twelve member states acting together in the ‘ new ’ areas of monetary union and social policy — and in that sense can hardly be regarded as deepening the community as previously defined .

On the other hand , the existing case law on delegation of powers suggests that it would not be possible to grant such a body power to issue binding Community legislation of the types defined in the treaty , whereas the Maastricht Treaty envisages in its Article 108a that the Central Bank would be able to issue regulations , decisions , recommendations , and opinions ( though not directives ) .
on the other hand , the [being] case law on delegation of powers suggests that it would not be possible to grant such a body power to issue binding community legislation of the types defined in the treaty , whereas the maastricht treaty envisages in its article 108a that the central bank would be able to issue regulations , decisions , recommendations , and opinions ( though not directives ) .

The present author remains of the opinion that most of the Social policy protocol may be achieved under existing treaty provisions , whether specific or general , and the scope of the general provisions will be considered in the next section of this article .
the present author remains of the opinion that most of the social policy protocol may be achieved under [being] treaty provisions , whether specific or general , and the scope of the general provisions will be considered in the next section of this article .

While subsidiarity , indeed subordination , may be inherent in provisions like the new Articles 126 and 127 on education , which refer to ‘ supporting and supplementing ’ the action of Member States , and indeed in Article 2 of the Agreement on Social policy following the protocol on Social policy in the Maastricht text , which states that the Community shall ‘ support and complement the activities of the Member States ’ in certain listed fields , the continuation in force of existing legal bases for action subject to a new general requirement of subsidiarity raises fundamental legal issues , particularly as to the exclusivity of Community competence , as to the necessity for Community action and as to the appropriateness of Community action .
while subsidiarity , indeed subordination , may be inherent in provisions like the new articles 126 and 127 on education , which refer to ‘ supporting and supplementing ’ the action of member states , and indeed in article 2 of the agreement on social policy following the protocol on social policy in the maastricht text , which states that the community shall ‘ support and complement the activities of the member states ’ in certain listed fields , the continuation in force of [being] legal bases for action subject to a new general requirement of subsidiarity raises fundamental legal issues , particularly as to the exclusivity of community competence , as to the necessity for community action and as to the appropriateness of community action .

However , a number of existing treaty provisions only allow the Community to act where it is ‘ necessary ’ , notably Article 235 , and it is instructive to note the European Court 's attitude to these .
however , a number of [being] treaty provisions only allow the community to act where it is ‘ necessary ’ , notably article 235 , and it is instructive to note the european court 's attitude to these .

Essentially , it appears only to have been willing to investigate the necessity for Community legislation to the extent that it has been alleged that the existing law already complied with the objectives of that legislation , i.e .
essentially , it appears only to have been willing to investigate the necessity for community legislation to the extent that it has been alleged that the [being] law already complied with the objectives of that legislation , i.e .

The definition suggested has been framed on the lines of existing law .
the definition suggested has been framed on the lines of [being] law .

To re-define charity by statute on the lines of existing law would not be easy and might well confuse rather than clarify the law , for the essential difficulties connected with benefit to the public require more explanation and analysis than is convenient in an Act of Parliament .
to re-define charity by statute on the lines of [being] law would not be easy and might well confuse rather than clarify the law , for the essential difficulties connected with benefit to the public require more explanation and analysis than is convenient in an act of parliament .

There could , of course , be an entirely new statutory definition either wider or more restricted than existing law .
there could , of course , be an entirely new statutory definition either wider or more restricted than [being] law .

Would the new statutory definition be taken as a fresh start ? Would it fall to be construed and interpreted in the light of the old case law ? Would it seek merely to codify the existing case law or to reform on the existing case law ?
would the new statutory definition be taken as a fresh start ? would it fall to be construed and interpreted in the light of the old case law ? would it seek merely to codify the [being] case law or to reform on the [being] case law ?

Lord Macnaghten in Pemsel did not aspire to a definition , but only to a classification of the then existing case law .
lord macnaghten in pemsel did not aspire to a definition , but only to a classification of the then [being] case law .

The existing case law is for the citizen impossible to understand and for the lawyer difficult .
the [being] case law is for the citizen impossible to understand and for the lawyer difficult .

The existing case law is frequently archaic and uncertain and contradictory ; it calls for a fresh start .
the [being] case law is frequently archaic and uncertain and contradictory ; it calls for a fresh start .

The new statutory definition would naturally draw quintessentially upon existing case law and also current aspirations and modern requirements , expressed in general principles , in terms of broad classes .
the new statutory definition would naturally draw quintessentially upon [being] case law and also current aspirations and modern requirements , expressed in general principles , in terms of broad classes .

Frank Barlow described the deal as ‘ just an extension ’ of the group 's existing business , which was heavily based on the creation and exploitation of intellectual property rights .
frank barlow described the deal as ‘ just an extension ’ of the group 's [being] business , which was heavily based on the creation and exploitation of intellectual property rights .

Just as it favours conserving the existing definition of sexual intercourse for rape , the Committee seeks to retain the crime of buggery to deal exclusively with anal intercourse .
just as it favours conserving the [being] definition of sexual intercourse for rape , the committee seeks to retain the crime of buggery to deal exclusively with anal intercourse .

Thus , for example , the existing offence of rape could be retained but reformed in a number of ways .
thus , for example , the [being] offence of rape could be retained but reformed in a number of ways .

In my judgment , in this case , the consent given at marriage still existing and unrevoked , the prisoner has not assaulted his wife .
in my judgment , in this case , the consent given at marriage still [being] and unrevoked , the prisoner has not assaulted his wife .

By contrast with this limited approach to reform , changes to existing rape laws of a radical nature have been contemplated and introduced elsewhere .
by contrast with this limited approach to reform , changes to [being] rape laws of a radical nature have been contemplated and introduced elsewhere .

The hallmark of proposals for radical reform is a rejection of the existing legal framework in favour of the introduction of new offences with a different emphasis .
the hallmark of proposals for radical reform is a rejection of the [being] legal framework in favour of the introduction of new offences with a different emphasis .

Bearing in mind these considerations , and some of the criticisms which have been levelled at existing gradation schemes , a ladder of offences could possibly be constructed as follows , to deal with non-consensual conduct presently covered by rape , indecent assault and buggery .
bearing in mind these considerations , and some of the criticisms which have been levelled at [being] gradation schemes , a ladder of offences could possibly be constructed as follows , to deal with non-consensual conduct presently covered by rape , indecent assault and buggery .

It is intended that the proceeds of any such issue would be used primarily to refinance existing debt .
it is intended that the proceeds of any such issue would be used primarily to refinance [being] debt .

The Dollar Preference Shares will , as regards income and capital , rank pari passu with the existing 9⅝ per cent Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares .
the dollar preference shares will , as regards income and capital , rank pari passu with the [being] 9⅝ per cent cumulative redeemable preference shares .

Relocation is expected to be complete by March 1995 when the existing Warren Spring site in Stevenage will be taken over by Glaxo .
relocation is expected to be complete by march 1995 when the [being] warren spring site in stevenage will be taken over by glaxo .

When you are looking for insurance cover or considering the renewal of an existing policy the first thing you should consider is who to insure through .
when you are looking for insurance cover or considering the renewal of an [being] policy the first thing you should consider is who to insure through .

Together with existing course-based awards , they offer the best means yet of identifying those who are qualified to do the job in every sense of the word .
together with [being] course-based awards , they offer the best means yet of identifying those who are qualified to do the job in every sense of the word .

In addition the team will continue to foster its existing relationships .
in addition the team will continue to foster its [being] relationships .

Following successful completion of this initial installation , new channel cables were laid to all the peripherals ( disks , tapes , printers etc ) which need to be connected to the system but existing connections to the two 600Js remained in place .
following successful completion of this initial installation , new channel cables were laid to all the peripherals ( disks , tapes , printers etc ) which need to be connected to the system but [being] connections to the two 600js remained in place .

At this stage the channel cables were not actually connected to the peripherals so that testing of the processor and channels could be carried out without affecting the existing systems .
at this stage the channel cables were not actually connected to the peripherals so that testing of the processor and channels could be carried out without affecting the [being] systems .

Our marketing agency , Faulds , were asked to take three very powerful messages from our existing messages from our existing product range and develop advertising that was easy to understand and humorous — an approach which building societies have successfully adopted in the last few years .
our marketing agency , faulds , were asked to take three very powerful messages from our [being] messages from our [being] product range and develop advertising that was easy to understand and humorous — an approach which building societies have successfully adopted in the last few years .

to maintain existing facilities and infrastructure
to maintain [being] facilities and infrastructure

Care has been taken in the landscaping and improvement works to retain the existing birch and elder scrub , and augment it with birch , alder , ash , poplar , oak , willow , rowan , lime , crab apple , gean and bird cherry .
care has been taken in the landscaping and improvement works to retain the [being] birch and elder scrub , and augment it with birch , alder , ash , poplar , oak , willow , rowan , lime , crab apple , gean and bird cherry .

The Plan has also been constrained by the need to make the best use of existing and proposed investment in drainage works , transport facilities and schools .
the plan has also been constrained by the need to make the best use of [being] and proposed investment in drainage works , transport facilities and schools .

Investment is required to tackle existing problems , but in doing so scope for new development will be created .
investment is required to tackle [being] problems , but in doing so scope for new development will be created .

The strategy emphasises measures to improve the quality of existing urban areas .
the strategy emphasises measures to improve the quality of [being] urban areas .

The Plan aims to improve the quality of the environment in existing shopping centres .
the plan aims to improve the quality of the environment in [being] shopping centres .

Hence there was only a requirement for access from the south and this has been provided by utilising the existing slip road from Clovenstone Roundabout on Westerhailes Road for traffic joining the bypass and travelling south and by forming a new connection into Baberton Mains View for northbound traffic leaving the bypass .
hence there was only a requirement for access from the south and this has been provided by utilising the [being] slip road from clovenstone roundabout on westerhailes road for traffic joining the bypass and travelling south and by forming a new connection into baberton mains view for northbound traffic leaving the bypass .

In addition , ramps have been added to the existing footbridge at Gogarburn Hospital to facilitate is use by those with wheelchairs and prams .
in addition , ramps have been added to the [being] footbridge at gogarburn hospital to facilitate is use by those with wheelchairs and prams .

Alternatively the Bypass could be set in cutting , and bridge under the farm access road and the railway before crossing Baberton Mains Terrace at existing road level .
alternatively the bypass could be set in cutting , and bridge under the farm access road and the railway before crossing baberton mains terrace at [being] road level .

Access via a new railway underbridge some 300 metres to the west of the Bypass/Railway crossing with a new road provided to connect the estate roads with Westburn Avenue by following the line of the existing Baberton Mains Farm Access road and crossing over the Bypass by means of a new road bridge .
access via a new railway underbridge some 300 metres to the west of the bypass/railway crossing with a new road provided to connect the estate roads with westburn avenue by following the line of the [being] baberton mains farm access road and crossing over the bypass by means of a new road bridge .

By widening the bridge under the Edinburgh/Carstairs railway and providing a new road alongside the Bypass connecting the severed Baberton Mains Terrace as directly as possible with Westburn Avenue by joining the line of the existing Baberton Mains Farm Access and crossing over the Bypass by means of a new road bridge as before .
by widening the bridge under the edinburgh/carstairs railway and providing a new road alongside the bypass connecting the severed baberton mains terrace as directly as possible with westburn avenue by joining the line of the [being] baberton mains farm access and crossing over the bypass by means of a new road bridge as before .

The existing footpath on the south side of the Edinburgh/Carstairs Railway will be accommodated adjacent to the new structure required to carry the Bypass over or under the railway .
the [being] footpath on the south side of the edinburgh/carstairs railway will be accommodated adjacent to the new structure required to carry the bypass over or under the railway .

The high level option will not encroach upon the existing allotment area .
the high level option will not encroach upon the [being] allotment area .

In any scheme where allotment ground is lose , and a residual amount of land is left between the Bypass and the existing allotment boundary fence , this land could be made available to compensate for the loss .
in any scheme where allotment ground is lose , and a residual amount of land is left between the bypass and the [being] allotment boundary fence , this land could be made available to compensate for the loss .

We are fortunate in Lothian to have good existing interagency links ; this has made the development task much easier .
we are fortunate in lothian to have good [being] interagency links ; this has made the development task much easier .

We are also fortunate in that good community care practice is already well in evidence in Lothian ; the plan is to build on this and on existing skills and expertise . We are not starting from square one !
we are also fortunate in that good community care practice is already well in evidence in lothian ; the plan is to build on this and on [being] skills and expertise . we are not starting from square one !

Community care assessments must focus first and foremost on the person 's needs ( rather than seeking to fit people in to existing services ) , must be in partnership with the person and their carers , be flexible , timeous and simple , and multidisciplinary .
community care assessments must focus first and foremost on the person 's needs ( rather than seeking to fit people in to [being] services ) , must be in partnership with the person and their carers , be flexible , timeous and simple , and multidisciplinary .

‘ good community care practice is already well in evidence in Lothian ; the plan is to build on this and on existing skills and expertise . We are not starting from square one ! ’
‘ good community care practice is already well in evidence in lothian ; the plan is to build on this and on [being] skills and expertise . we are not starting from square one ! ’

The City of Edinburgh becomes a unitary council based on the existing district council boundary .
the city of edinburgh becomes a unitary council based on the [being] district council boundary .

… Much of the savings , in the official view , will arise from the new structure 's needs for fewer managers , but even that is less than convincing for there is great scope for an increase in bureaucracy , from the need to dispatch the business deriving from the newly acquired functions to the formation of twice the number of existing education , roads and social work departments . ’
… much of the savings , in the official view , will arise from the new structure 's needs for fewer managers , but even that is less than convincing for there is great scope for an increase in bureaucracy , from the need to dispatch the business deriving from the newly acquired functions to the formation of twice the number of [being] education , roads and social work departments . ’

The Regional Council 's response document on local government reform , ‘ Making the Right Choice ’ , argued that the existing two tier local government in Lothian was the best for delivering local services .
the regional council 's response document on local government reform , ‘ making the right choice ’ , argued that the [being] two tier local government in lothian was the best for delivering local services .

Lothian was described in the report as being the right scale : its small size , population density and well developed roads and transport make all parts accessible , even compared to many existing district council areas in Scotland .
lothian was described in the report as being the right scale : its small size , population density and well developed roads and transport make all parts accessible , even compared to many [being] district council areas in scotland .

An end to all existing smokers ' rooms
an end to all [being] smokers ' rooms

BridgeCare , with a staff of 25 based in Market Street , forms the other part of the Projects Division and attends to the maintenance of existing bridges and retaining walls as well as the design on new structures for roadworks .
bridgecare , with a staff of 25 based in market street , forms the other part of the projects division and attends to the maintenance of [being] bridges and retaining walls as well as the design on new structures for roadworks .

The existing clients helped us to raise the money and went round their relatives .
the [being] clients helped us to raise the money and went round their relatives .

It argued that the existing two tier local government in Lothian was the best for delivering local services but if changes had to be made , the only effective alternative would be an all-purpose local authority for Edinburgh and the Lothians .
it argued that the [being] two tier local government in lothian was the best for delivering local services but if changes had to be made , the only effective alternative would be an all-purpose local authority for edinburgh and the lothians .

The Council commended the existing structure to the Secretary of State and asked him to re-consider this as an option for Lothian .
the council commended the [being] structure to the secretary of state and asked him to re-consider this as an option for lothian .

Lothian was described in the report as being the right scale : its small size , population density and well developed roads and transport make all parts accessible , even compared to many existing district council areas in Scotland .
lothian was described in the report as being the right scale : its small size , population density and well developed roads and transport make all parts accessible , even compared to many [being] district council areas in scotland .

The paper , called ‘ Restoring the Balance ’ , argued for a decentralised system of local government within the framework of the one all-purpose authority based on the existing Lothian boundary .
the paper , called ‘ restoring the balance ’ , argued for a decentralised system of local government within the framework of the one all-purpose authority based on the [being] lothian boundary .

The government could also help Scottish consumers by agreeing to write off existing debt on water and sewerage to create equal conditions with English and Welsh water and sewerage arrangements .
the government could also help scottish consumers by agreeing to write off [being] debt on water and sewerage to create equal conditions with english and welsh water and sewerage arrangements .

The Government reiterated that the vast majority of local government staff would transfer to one of the new councils on existing pay and conditions , but the proposals put the future prosperity of the Lothians in doubt .
the government reiterated that the vast majority of local government staff would transfer to one of the new councils on [being] pay and conditions , but the proposals put the future prosperity of the lothians in doubt .

The City of Edinburgh becomes a unitary council based on the existing district council boundary
the city of edinburgh becomes a unitary council based on the [being] district council boundary

On site , blast cleaning of the existing steelwork and stonework , installation of the cast iron panels and painting of the steelwork , required detailed traffic and pedestrian management over the major traffic route .
on site , blast cleaning of the [being] steelwork and stonework , installation of the cast iron panels and painting of the steelwork , required detailed traffic and pedestrian management over the major traffic route .

Action will be taken to reinforce existing regulations regarding restraining infants in cars .
action will be taken to reinforce [being] regulations regarding restraining infants in cars .

This report will recommend on any new local initiatives which could add to existing efforts in reducing drink related road accidents .
this report will recommend on any new local initiatives which could add to [being] efforts in reducing drink related road accidents .

Maintain existing levels of expenditure on existing road safety programmes which include :
maintain [being] levels of expenditure on [being] road safety programmes which include :

Some of the changes can be achieved by improving existing services and arrangements but a major expansion in community services will be needed to make community car a reality for everyone who needs it .
some of the changes can be achieved by improving [being] services and arrangements but a major expansion in community services will be needed to make community car a reality for everyone who needs it .

As an extra incentive , the Club is currently offering free membership for the year 1992–3 to all such graduates , ie , alumni of other universities who are not ( a ) alumni of Edinburgh University or ( b ) members of staff of Edinburgh University or ( c ) existing members of the club during 1991–2 .
as an extra incentive , the club is currently offering free membership for the year 1992–3 to all such graduates , ie , alumni of other universities who are not ( a ) alumni of edinburgh university or ( b ) members of staff of edinburgh university or ( c ) [being] members of the club during 1991–2 .

The Company 's objectives are to : Manage effectively its existing reserves portfolio ; find and develop efficiently additional reserves which offer significant potential to add value for shareholders ; build a business which is profitable even at low oil prices ; and provide a strong financial base to support its operations .
the company 's objectives are to : manage effectively its [being] reserves portfolio ; find and develop efficiently additional reserves which offer significant potential to add value for shareholders ; build a business which is profitable even at low oil prices ; and provide a strong financial base to support its operations .

The company intends to maintain a balance between its existing assets in established and mature areas , with the exposure to significant new reserves in proven under-explored oil and gas provinces .
the company intends to maintain a balance between its [being] assets in established and mature areas , with the exposure to significant new reserves in proven under-explored oil and gas provinces .

In other areas , such as Colombia and Italy , our exploration efforts will continue with a view to maximising value from our existing portfolio by building on success and exploiting our technical expertise .
in other areas , such as colombia and italy , our exploration efforts will continue with a view to maximising value from our [being] portfolio by building on success and exploiting our technical expertise .

Proven and probable reserves are estimated quantities of commercially producible hydrocarbons which existing geological , geophysical and engineering data show to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs .
proven and probable reserves are estimated quantities of commercially producible hydrocarbons which [being] geological , geophysical and engineering data show to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs .

The £100 million 9 ½ per cent 1999 Notes were issued on 16 December 1992 for net proceeds of £99.4 million , to refinance existing debt and for general corporate purposes .
the £100 million 9 ½ per cent 1999 notes were issued on 16 december 1992 for net proceeds of £99.4 million , to refinance [being] debt and for general corporate purposes .

As the article by Dr Stuart Nelson in this issue ( p11 ) points out , most SMEs are looking for immediate benefits by improving their products and processes with existing technology at low risk .
as the article by dr stuart nelson in this issue ( p11 ) points out , most smes are looking for immediate benefits by improving their products and processes with [being] technology at low risk .

The ultimate innovation is the production of a brand new product or process which revolutionises an existing market or creates a new one .
the ultimate innovation is the production of a brand new product or process which revolutionises an [being] market or creates a new one .

Thus , the study concluded , on the one hand a number of the best practice companies relied on technology ( existing and new ) to generate a stream of new ideas , while on the other less successful companies could improve their position significantly by upgrading their technological competence , and by forging links with other companies and academia possibly with the help of government support schemes .
thus , the study concluded , on the one hand a number of the best practice companies relied on technology ( [being] and new ) to generate a stream of new ideas , while on the other less successful companies could improve their position significantly by upgrading their technological competence , and by forging links with other companies and academia possibly with the help of government support schemes .

We have to allow for the gradual loss of existing members — an allowance of 5 % may be a reasonable figure .
we have to allow for the gradual loss of [being] members — an allowance of 5 % may be a reasonable figure .

How could an alternative response to the Agri-Environment Regulation help integrate and simplify existing and proposed schemes ?
how could an alternative response to the agri-environment regulation help integrate and simplify [being] and proposed schemes ?

Should existing schemes be included in the package ? How ?
should [being] schemes be included in the package ? how ?

Conversion Of An Existing Cliff Top Caravan Site At Meadow House , near Amroth , by 150 Permanent Holiday Chalets
conversion of an [being] cliff top caravan site at meadow house , near amroth , by 150 permanent holiday chalets

The existing caravans , and particularly the new brick and stone built communal facilities already obtrude unacceptably into the landscape .
the [being] caravans , and particularly the new brick and stone built communal facilities already obtrude unacceptably into the landscape .

It is clear that the existing site already disturbs the pleasing pattern of enclosed grass fields abutting an attractive cliff slope of natural vegetation .
it is clear that the [being] site already disturbs the pleasing pattern of enclosed grass fields abutting an attractive cliff slope of natural vegetation .

The density of the development , achieving as it does the virtual replacement of existing static caravans practically one-for-one , is quite out of proportion with the density of surrounding settlements .
the density of the development , achieving as it does the virtual replacement of [being] static caravans practically one-for-one , is quite out of proportion with the density of surrounding settlements .

The design of individual chalets , while having some merit , will do nothing to prevent them from becoming even more obtrusive than the existing caravans .
the design of individual chalets , while having some merit , will do nothing to prevent them from becoming even more obtrusive than the [being] caravans .

The proposed development , though of an equivalent scale to the existing one in terms of the number of ‘ units ’ , would in reality be comparable to a medium sized village .
the proposed development , though of an equivalent scale to the [being] one in terms of the number of ‘ units ’ , would in reality be comparable to a medium sized village .

Such a community would put pressure on existing services and infrastructure .
such a community would put pressure on [being] services and infrastructure .

National Power Plc initially tried to suggest that this could be done under its existing licence to burn oil .
national power plc initially tried to suggest that this could be done under its [being] licence to burn oil .

campaigning for better use of the existing housing stock to cater for smaller households ;
campaigning for better use of the [being] housing stock to cater for smaller households ;

The flaw in this Act is the requirement on planning authorities to pay compensation for restrictions and revocations of existing minerals permissions , including IDOs .
the flaw in this act is the requirement on planning authorities to pay compensation for restrictions and revocations of [being] minerals permissions , including idos .

It may be that in weighing up all relevant factors , extending an existing quarry would be preferable to the wholesale removal of an old tip .
it may be that in weighing up all relevant factors , extending an [being] quarry would be preferable to the wholesale removal of an old tip .

New supplies versus existing reserves
new supplies versus [being] reserves

However , it is not unusual for existing permissions or potential new reserves of aggregates to be found in such areas .
however , it is not unusual for [being] permissions or potential new reserves of aggregates to be found in such areas .

Without prejudice to our views in paragraph 27 above , we favour a reduction in landbanks from 10 years to 5 on the basis that it would signal the urgent need to reduce the rate of supply and consumption of minerals , and conserve existing reserves .
without prejudice to our views in paragraph 27 above , we favour a reduction in landbanks from 10 years to 5 on the basis that it would signal the urgent need to reduce the rate of supply and consumption of minerals , and conserve [being] reserves .

In our detailed responses to the Secretary of State of the 30th October 1991 and the 10th June 1992 we highlighted what we saw as the threat to strategic planning policies , embodied in the existing county structure plans , as a result of the creation of 23–25 relatively small unitary authorities .
in our detailed responses to the secretary of state of the 30th october 1991 and the 10th june 1992 we highlighted what we saw as the threat to strategic planning policies , embodied in the [being] county structure plans , as a result of the creation of 23–25 relatively small unitary authorities .

We welcome the proposal to reduce the statutory time limit on all existing and future permissions which we believe is essential if minerals operations are to be brought up to and maintained at modern standards or reviewed to assess whether they should be extinguished because the environmental costs of working is too high .
we welcome the proposal to reduce the statutory time limit on all [being] and future permissions which we believe is essential if minerals operations are to be brought up to and maintained at modern standards or reviewed to assess whether they should be extinguished because the environmental costs of working is too high .

Alongside our desire to see new legislation , we believe that it is essential that positive action is taken immediately to tackle all existing minerals permissions .
alongside our desire to see new legislation , we believe that it is essential that positive action is taken immediately to tackle all [being] minerals permissions .

However , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews .
however , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as [being] ones following initial review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews .

As stated earlier , the key to achieving serious progress in the review and upgrading of old minerals permissions lies in amending the existing compensation regime .
as stated earlier , the key to achieving serious progress in the review and upgrading of old minerals permissions lies in amending the [being] compensation regime .

It may be that in weighing up all relevant factors , extending an existing quarry would be preferable to the wholesale removal of an old tip .
it may be that in weighing up all relevant factors , extending an [being] quarry would be preferable to the wholesale removal of an old tip .

New supplies versus existing reserves
new supplies versus [being] reserves

However , it is not unusual for existing permissions or potential new reserves of aggregates to be found in such areas .
however , it is not unusual for [being] permissions or potential new reserves of aggregates to be found in such areas .

Without prejudice to our views in paragraph 27 above , we favour a reduction in landbanks from 10 years to 5 on the basis that it would signal the urgent need to reduce the rate of supply and consumption of minerals , and conserve existing reserves .
without prejudice to our views in paragraph 27 above , we favour a reduction in landbanks from 10 years to 5 on the basis that it would signal the urgent need to reduce the rate of supply and consumption of minerals , and conserve [being] reserves .

We believe there is an urgent need to strengthen existing marine and coastal expertise in the Welsh Office .
we believe there is an urgent need to strengthen [being] marine and coastal expertise in the welsh office .

It would be highly beneficial to the natural environment if additions to existing works could also be made subject to planning control .
it would be highly beneficial to the natural environment if additions to [being] works could also be made subject to planning control .

In our view , rural development should be qualitatively different from its urban counterpart , given that the existence of narrow country lanes , agricultural activities and a dispersed settlement pattern make it necessary to develop a smaller scale pattern businesses closely related to existing enterprises .
in our view , rural development should be qualitatively different from its urban counterpart , given that the existence of narrow country lanes , agricultural activities and a dispersed settlement pattern make it necessary to develop a smaller scale pattern businesses closely related to [being] enterprises .

We accept that it is not the function of the planning system to preserve existing commercial interests or to inhibit competition between different methods of retailing .
we accept that it is not the function of the planning system to preserve [being] commercial interests or to inhibit competition between different methods of retailing .

As such the Centre may also be a blueprint of how central government could support wildlife conservation on redundant farmland and enable existing farming families to remain on the land with the new role of guardians of the traditional countryside and its wildlife .
as such the centre may also be a blueprint of how central government could support wildlife conservation on redundant farmland and enable [being] farming families to remain on the land with the new role of guardians of the traditional countryside and its wildlife .

If unnecessary development is to be avoided , the principle must be sustainability — making full use of the existing housing stock for the needs of local people .
if unnecessary development is to be avoided , the principle must be sustainability — making full use of the [being] housing stock for the needs of local people .

Housing for Rent — local authorities should be responsible for ensuring that rented housing was available for all local people in need of it , provided wherever possible from the existing housing stock ( in contrast to Tai Cymru 's present policy of forcing housing associations to build new houses ) . Adequate resources must be provided by central government , but much of the cost could be met from accumulated capital receipts , which councils are not allowed to spend at present !
housing for rent — local authorities should be responsible for ensuring that rented housing was available for all local people in need of it , provided wherever possible from the [being] housing stock ( in contrast to tai cymru 's present policy of forcing housing associations to build new houses ) . adequate resources must be provided by central government , but much of the cost could be met from accumulated capital receipts , which councils are not allowed to spend at present !

Help for First-time Buyers — the main element should be an extensive ‘ shared ownership ’ scheme , but once again based on the existing housing stock .
help for first-time buyers — the main element should be an extensive ‘ shared ownership ’ scheme , but once again based on the [being] housing stock .

Priority for Local People — this would further ensure access to existing housing and obviate the need for new development by giving first choice to a ‘ local band ’ of buyers and second choice to a ‘ semi-local band ’ .
priority for local people — this would further ensure access to [being] housing and obviate the need for new development by giving first choice to a ‘ local band ’ of buyers and second choice to a ‘ semi-local band ’ .

This would also have the effect of gradually restoring house prices to a local market level , but without financial loss to existing owners .
this would also have the effect of gradually restoring house prices to a local market level , but without financial loss to [being] owners .

Reappraisal of Planning Permission — all existing permissions should be reassessed according to the same criteria as above , and authorities would have the power to rescind or modify them .
reappraisal of planning permission — all [being] permissions should be reassessed according to the same criteria as above , and authorities would have the power to rescind or modify them .

We support the proposition that the provision of access beyond existing Rights of Way should be paid for out of the public purse .
we support the proposition that the provision of access beyond [being] rights of way should be paid for out of the public purse .

‘ However , the fact is that most of the work is being done in-house using existing resources .
‘ however , the fact is that most of the work is being done in-house using [being] resources .

Despite the break in exploration drilling , the Algerian project team has been busy — 30,000 kms of existing seismic data , predominantly acquired by the Algerian state oil company , Sonatrach , have been processed at Anadarko 's Algiers centre , while a further 4,500 kms of data have been acquired more recently by the joint venture .
despite the break in exploration drilling , the algerian project team has been busy — 30,000 kms of [being] seismic data , predominantly acquired by the algerian state oil company , sonatrach , have been processed at anadarko 's algiers centre , while a further 4,500 kms of data have been acquired more recently by the joint venture .

Strike or industrial action existing or notified by declaration of intent at or prior to the date of purchasing insurance .
strike or industrial action [being] or notified by declaration of intent at or prior to the date of purchasing insurance .

The Royal Bank also offers a range of special offers from loyalty bonuses for existing mortgage customers to discounts for those borrowing larger sums .
the royal bank also offers a range of special offers from loyalty bonuses for [being] mortgage customers to discounts for those borrowing larger sums .

The first report reviews existing environmental conditions , emphasising that many problems identified in the early 70s still remain .
the first report reviews [being] environmental conditions , emphasising that many problems identified in the early 70s still remain .

An investigation by a Commission taskforce into the implications of the single market also concluded that existing systems are inadequate to ensure the protection of the environment .
an investigation by a commission taskforce into the implications of the single market also concluded that [being] systems are inadequate to ensure the protection of the environment .

In relation to resources , efforts will be required to amend existing texts and to supply a range of materials appropriate to Resource-based Learning .
in relation to resources , efforts will be required to amend [being] texts and to supply a range of materials appropriate to resource-based learning .

Targets as presented in Working Paper 7 are easily attainable within the existing programmes in Catholic schools .
targets as presented in working paper 7 are easily attainable within the [being] programmes in catholic schools .

Within the Catholic sector the existing allocation of time is essential for the current Religious Education programme .
within the catholic sector the [being] allocation of time is essential for the current religious education programme .

Nonetheless the possibility of Voluntary Aided tertiaries should be explored and meanwhile strategies devised 80 that the effects of existing constraints can be minimised .
nonetheless the possibility of voluntary aided tertiaries should be explored and meanwhile strategies devised 80 that the effects of [being] constraints can be minimised .

In such cases a clean break at 16+ removed many existing constraints and frustrations .
in such cases a clean break at 16+ removed many [being] constraints and frustrations .

One of Guinness Brewing Worldwide 's key strengths is the careful selection of such companies , those with excellent potential , which will take us into new markets or geographical areas , or consolidate our presence , and which can be integrated smoothly and add value to existing operations .
one of guinness brewing worldwide 's key strengths is the careful selection of such companies , those with excellent potential , which will take us into new markets or geographical areas , or consolidate our presence , and which can be integrated smoothly and add value to [being] operations .

Expansion by organic growth is also important , developing existing business areas , evaluating market knowledge and demonstrating confidence in the products .
expansion by organic growth is also important , developing [being] business areas , evaluating market knowledge and demonstrating confidence in the products .

While we believe that it is important to continue researching and improving existing products , we also devote more than 50 per cent of our Research and Development resource to developing new products , pushing back the frontiers of technology .
while we believe that it is important to continue researching and improving [being] products , we also devote more than 50 per cent of our research and development resource to developing new products , pushing back the frontiers of technology .

Statutory controls should be introduced on industrial and commercial development , and resources made available for the removal of existing inappropriate developments .
statutory controls should be introduced on industrial and commercial development , and resources made available for the removal of [being] inappropriate developments .

This runs through an existing tunnel , but it has not been in operation since 1970 .
this runs through an [being] tunnel , but it has not been in operation since 1970 .

From October 1993 , all existing models will have to be adapted to them .
from october 1993 , all [being] models will have to be adapted to them .

The University is actively seeking funds under the Development Campaign for a proposed Institute for American Studies , designed to link and to reinforce existing interests in American History , Law , Politics , and Literature .
the university is actively seeking funds under the development campaign for a proposed institute for american studies , designed to link and to reinforce [being] interests in american history , law , politics , and literature .

5 and 6 above , the developments in European Studies and American Studies are expected to consolidate and build on existing research strengths in these fields .
5 and 6 above , the developments in european studies and american studies are expected to consolidate and build on [being] research strengths in these fields .

The need for improved facilities for Arts and Social Studies , as an aid to the recruitment and retention of academic staff and to assist in the improvement of research activity , has caused the University to launch a review or three sites ( namely the area around the St Cross Building , the central site surrounding the Bodleian Library , and the Taylorian/Ashmolean site ) to see what scope there is for the rationalisation of existing uses and what changes can be made to make better use of them , with a view to defining a comprehensive and coherent scheme for the development of each site which has most to commend it on academic grounds .
the need for improved facilities for arts and social studies , as an aid to the recruitment and retention of academic staff and to assist in the improvement of research activity , has caused the university to launch a review or three sites ( namely the area around the st cross building , the central site surrounding the bodleian library , and the taylorian/ashmolean site ) to see what scope there is for the rationalisation of [being] uses and what changes can be made to make better use of them , with a view to defining a comprehensive and coherent scheme for the development of each site which has most to commend it on academic grounds .

Alaska 's largest existing oil field , at Prudhoe Bay , is declining in productivity , and the state 's oil-based economy is facing recession .
alaska 's largest [being] oil field , at prudhoe bay , is declining in productivity , and the state 's oil-based economy is facing recession .

Agency heads have been instructed to work within existing budgets and no extra funds have been granted for energy-saving equipment and renovation .
agency heads have been instructed to work within [being] budgets and no extra funds have been granted for energy-saving equipment and renovation .

Also on the Bank 's agenda are the setting up of companies to manufacture clean-up equipment and loans to strengthen existing environmental agencies responsible for overseeing environmental matters .
also on the bank 's agenda are the setting up of companies to manufacture clean-up equipment and loans to strengthen [being] environmental agencies responsible for overseeing environmental matters .

As a longer-term insurance , the report proposes creating seed banks of crop species that could be wiped out in their existing locations as a result of global warming .
as a longer-term insurance , the report proposes creating seed banks of crop species that could be wiped out in their [being] locations as a result of global warming .

Critics have accused the council of blighting existing properties which lie inside the setback line .
critics have accused the council of blighting [being] properties which lie inside the setback line .

Government officials have acknowledged that existing policies to limit acidic emissions — notably of sulphur dioxide — are inadequate .
government officials have acknowledged that [being] policies to limit acidic emissions — notably of sulphur dioxide — are inadequate .

We propose that the Community should adopt a European Environmental Charter , bringing together and building upon existing provisions for environmental protection in order to protect the individual 's right to a better environment .
we propose that the community should adopt a european environmental charter , bringing together and building upon [being] provisions for environmental protection in order to protect the individual 's right to a better environment .

The first priority is to ensure the most effective possible legislation to implement the Charter 's existing provisions .
the first priority is to ensure the most effective possible legislation to implement the charter 's [being] provisions .

It should have the right to initiate legislation for consideration by the Commission and the Committee of Ministers in addition to its existing right to comment on those bodies ' legislative proposals .
it should have the right to initiate legislation for consideration by the commission and the committee of ministers in addition to its [being] right to comment on those bodies ' legislative proposals .

The government has unveiled plans for nine new `` community forests `` , to take shape on existing farmland and derelict ground , over the coming decades .
the government has unveiled plans for nine new `` community forests `` , to take shape on [being] farmland and derelict ground , over the coming decades .

In each case , they will comprise a blend of new and existing woodland , with some areas allocated to housing , industry and farmland , reflecting the fact that they are all on the fringe of population centres .
in each case , they will comprise a blend of new and [being] woodland , with some areas allocated to housing , industry and farmland , reflecting the fact that they are all on the fringe of population centres .

Those responsibilities not taken over by the newly privatised gas , petroleum and electricity industries are expected to be handed over to existing departments such as Trade and Industry and Environment .
those responsibilities not taken over by the newly privatised gas , petroleum and electricity industries are expected to be handed over to [being] departments such as trade and industry and environment .

It does stress , however , that `` existing equipment would not have to be instantly scrapped and replaced by untested prototypes .
it does stress , however , that `` [being] equipment would not have to be instantly scrapped and replaced by untested prototypes .

It is expected that assignments to the headship will normally occur on a five-year cycle , with the existing head eligible to be redesignated .
it is expected that assignments to the headship will normally occur on a five-year cycle , with the [being] head eligible to be redesignated .

Some of Britain 's rarest landscapes — such as the Flow Country of Caithness and Sutherland , with their unique peat bogs — would be destroyed by large-scale planting , together with their existing animal and plant life , say the conservationists .
some of britain 's rarest landscapes — such as the flow country of caithness and sutherland , with their unique peat bogs — would be destroyed by large-scale planting , together with their [being] animal and plant life , say the conservationists .

The existing `` freight facility `` grants available to companies who wish to build their own private sidings and freight depots are to be tripled .
the [being] `` freight facility `` grants available to companies who wish to build their own private sidings and freight depots are to be tripled .

Under the scheme , forest management and surveillance will be maintained and local people will be permitted to continue to exploit the forest in ways that are supportive of existing ecosystems .
under the scheme , forest management and surveillance will be maintained and local people will be permitted to continue to exploit the forest in ways that are supportive of [being] ecosystems .

After much deliberation , six horse-drawn vehicles were selected to complement the existing road transport collections .
after much deliberation , six horse-drawn vehicles were selected to complement the [being] road transport collections .

In addition to the existing benefits , entry to the Museum of Flight at East Fortune and the refurbished Shambellie House Museum of Costume will be free to our members .
in addition to the [being] benefits , entry to the museum of flight at east fortune and the refurbished shambellie house museum of costume will be free to our members .

The programme for their recovery will involve extensive management and conservation of the panda 's bamboo forest habitat , notably increased patrolling of existing reserves and the `` corridors `` of bamboo which lie between remote forest areas .
the programme for their recovery will involve extensive management and conservation of the panda 's bamboo forest habitat , notably increased patrolling of [being] reserves and the `` corridors `` of bamboo which lie between remote forest areas .

( i ) shares of an existing class already listed are to be issued which would increase the issued shares of that class by 10 per cent or more , or ( ii ) securities of a new class are to be offered as consideration which are to be listed , or ( iii ) debt securities of any amount are to be offered as consideration which are to be listed .
( i ) shares of an [being] class already listed are to be issued which would increase the issued shares of that class by 10 per cent or more , or ( ii ) securities of a new class are to be offered as consideration which are to be listed , or ( iii ) debt securities of any amount are to be offered as consideration which are to be listed .

If between them they acquire ( when aggregated with their existing holdings of shares ) 30 per cent or more of the target 's voting rights they might similarly breach Rule 5 or trigger an obligation to make a mandatory offer for the target themselves .
if between them they acquire ( when aggregated with their [being] holdings of shares ) 30 per cent or more of the target 's voting rights they might similarly breach rule 5 or trigger an obligation to make a mandatory offer for the target themselves .

The resolution must stipulate the maximum number of shares authorised to be acquired ( s166 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) , which will usually be expressed as a percentage of the existing issued share capital .
the resolution must stipulate the maximum number of shares authorised to be acquired ( s166 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) , which will usually be expressed as a percentage of the [being] issued share capital .

The alternative scheme likely to be used will involve the transfer of the existing shares in the target to the bidder ( or at least those not already owned by the bidder ) by a person nominated by the court to execute transfers on their behalf in return for the delivery to them by the bidder of the agreed consideration .
the alternative scheme likely to be used will involve the transfer of the [being] shares in the target to the bidder ( or at least those not already owned by the bidder ) by a person nominated by the court to execute transfers on their behalf in return for the delivery to them by the bidder of the agreed consideration .

( a ) where the offer is for equity share capital and the offeror already holds shares carrying 50 per cent or less of voting rights , it must be conditional on the offeror acquiring more than 50 per cent of the voting rights ( when aggregated with the existing holding of the offeror ) ;
( a ) where the offer is for equity share capital and the offeror already holds shares carrying 50 per cent or less of voting rights , it must be conditional on the offeror acquiring more than 50 per cent of the voting rights ( when aggregated with the [being] holding of the offeror ) ;

( g ) one disadvantage with convertible loan stock is that there can be a tendency for stockholders to convert when profits and share prices are rising ( thus diluting the equity profit of existing ordinary shareholders and depriving them of the advantage of the cheaper gearing which such stock provides ) and to retain the stock when profits and share prices are falling , thus maintaining the debt burden of the company at a time when it may be least able to service it ; and
( g ) one disadvantage with convertible loan stock is that there can be a tendency for stockholders to convert when profits and share prices are rising ( thus diluting the equity profit of [being] ordinary shareholders and depriving them of the advantage of the cheaper gearing which such stock provides ) and to retain the stock when profits and share prices are falling , thus maintaining the debt burden of the company at a time when it may be least able to service it ; and

( d ) details of existing shareholdings in the target which are owned or controlled by the offeror or its concert parties , or in respect of which the offeror has received irrevocable undertakings , or in respect of which the offeror or any member of its concert parties has obtained an option to purchase ;
( d ) details of [being] shareholdings in the target which are owned or controlled by the offeror or its concert parties , or in respect of which the offeror has received irrevocable undertakings , or in respect of which the offeror or any member of its concert parties has obtained an option to purchase ;

An offer is a reverse takeover for these purposes where the offeror might as a result need to increase the existing voting equity share capital by more than 100 per cent .
an offer is a reverse takeover for these purposes where the offeror might as a result need to increase the [being] voting equity share capital by more than 100 per cent .

1.4 " Works " means the works [ of alteration and refurbishment ] which are being carried out on and to the Site by the Landlord and which are to be completed by the Landlord in accordance with clause 2 of this agreement The ( landlord 's ) works can be the alteration and refurbishment of an existing building or can be the actual building of new premises or an entire development such as a shopping centre .
1.4 " works " means the works [ of alteration and refurbishment ] which are being carried out on and to the site by the landlord and which are to be completed by the landlord in accordance with clause 2 of this agreement the ( landlord 's ) works can be the alteration and refurbishment of an [being] building or can be the actual building of new premises or an entire development such as a shopping centre .

Ideally , this provision should be deleted , or at the very least it should be amended so that it applies only to the consent of a mortgagee or superior landlord actually required under the terms of an existing mortgage or superior lease . The clause should be amended to read as follows :
ideally , this provision should be deleted , or at the very least it should be amended so that it applies only to the consent of a mortgagee or superior landlord actually required under the terms of an [being] mortgage or superior lease . the clause should be amended to read as follows :

Any provisions in this Lease relating to the consent or approval of the Landlord shall be construed as also requiring the consent or approval of any existing mortgagee of the Premises and any existing superior Landlord where such consent or approval shall be required and the Landlord shall use all reasonable endeavours to obtain such consent or approval with all due expedition
any provisions in this lease relating to the consent or approval of the landlord shall be construed as also requiring the consent or approval of any [being] mortgagee of the premises and any [being] superior landlord where such consent or approval shall be required and the landlord shall use all reasonable endeavours to obtain such consent or approval with all due expedition

5.4.3 To clean the Premises and keep them in a clean neat and tidy condition and ( without prejudice to the generality of the above ) to clean both sides of all windows and window frames in the Premises [ at least [ once ] every [ week ] or as often as is [ reasonably ] necessary ] It is quite easy to devote a whole chapter to the subject of repair and the Law Commission has recently published a consultation paper on the state and condition of leasehold property with a view to considering existing obligations and how the law can be improved with regard to them .
5.4.3 to clean the premises and keep them in a clean neat and tidy condition and ( without prejudice to the generality of the above ) to clean both sides of all windows and window frames in the premises [ at least [ once ] every [ week ] or as often as is [ reasonably ] necessary ] it is quite easy to devote a whole chapter to the subject of repair and the law commission has recently published a consultation paper on the state and condition of leasehold property with a view to considering [being] obligations and how the law can be improved with regard to them .

In any situation there may be unforeseen pitfalls or legal difficulties , and any business contemplating preparing a set of standard terms , or changing an existing set , would be well advised to obtain legal advice rather than go it alone .
in any situation there may be unforeseen pitfalls or legal difficulties , and any business contemplating preparing a set of standard terms , or changing an [being] set , would be well advised to obtain legal advice rather than go it alone .

When writing to a building society , never omit the mortgage reference number , or there may be some delay in receiving a reply , and if you act for your client 's bank , building society , etc , you will of course normally ask them to send the deeds direct to you ; in such a case include in your letter , if there is an existing mortgage to be discharged on completion ( as there will be in the case of a building society and may be in the case of a bank ) , an undertaking to hold the deeds on behalf of the bank or society , to return them on demand , not to part with the same except on completion of the sale , and to discharge the society 's mortgage .
when writing to a building society , never omit the mortgage reference number , or there may be some delay in receiving a reply , and if you act for your client 's bank , building society , etc , you will of course normally ask them to send the deeds direct to you ; in such a case include in your letter , if there is an [being] mortgage to be discharged on completion ( as there will be in the case of a building society and may be in the case of a bank ) , an undertaking to hold the deeds on behalf of the bank or society , to return them on demand , not to part with the same except on completion of the sale , and to discharge the society 's mortgage .

In cases where a covenant must be imposed to observe existing restrictions , on behalf of a buyer always insert in the covenant such words as `` so far as the same affect the property hereby conveyed and are subsisting and capable of being enforced `` , because for one reason or another the odds are ten to one that nobody can legally enforce them ; but the case might be otherwise if you impose the restrictions afresh .
in cases where a covenant must be imposed to observe [being] restrictions , on behalf of a buyer always insert in the covenant such words as `` so far as the same affect the property hereby conveyed and are subsisting and capable of being enforced `` , because for one reason or another the odds are ten to one that nobody can legally enforce them ; but the case might be otherwise if you impose the restrictions afresh .

The following are examples of additional special conditions : Whether the sale is with vacant possession on completion , or subject to an existing tenancy .
the following are examples of additional special conditions : whether the sale is with vacant possession on completion , or subject to an [being] tenancy .

If the conveyancer for the lessor refuses to delete it , or if you act for a purchase of an existing lease that includes such a provision , you should always explain to your client the nature of the provision , its unusual nature and its disadvantages ( putting off a subsequent prospective buyer or mortgagee , delay and expense in taking up references and obtaining the licence ) .
if the conveyancer for the lessor refuses to delete it , or if you act for a purchase of an [being] lease that includes such a provision , you should always explain to your client the nature of the provision , its unusual nature and its disadvantages ( putting off a subsequent prospective buyer or mortgagee , delay and expense in taking up references and obtaining the licence ) .

As stipulated above , if a property is being sold subject to and with the benefit of existing tenancies , instead of vacant possession of the whole property being given , the buyer will require an authority addressed to each tenant signed either by the seller-landlord or by his or her solicitor notifying the tenant of the sale and authorising the tenant to pay future rent to the buyer ( see Chapter 9 , head 7 ) .
as stipulated above , if a property is being sold subject to and with the benefit of [being] tenancies , instead of vacant possession of the whole property being given , the buyer will require an authority addressed to each tenant signed either by the seller-landlord or by his or her solicitor notifying the tenant of the sale and authorising the tenant to pay future rent to the buyer ( see chapter 9 , head 7 ) .

To this Lord Reid said that to regulate a person 's existing trade may be a greater restraint than prohibiting him from engaging in a new trade .
to this lord reid said that to regulate a person 's [being] trade may be a greater restraint than prohibiting him from engaging in a new trade .

Once it has been established what the relevant scope of the employer 's business is , the next question is whether the restriction does no more than protect any existing customer connection .
once it has been established what the relevant scope of the employer 's business is , the next question is whether the restriction does no more than protect any [being] customer connection .

With regard to the former , the approach typically involves an existing subject matter by reference to its position in time and space .
with regard to the former , the approach typically involves an [being] subject matter by reference to its position in time and space .

Special rules apply in relation to closing out of futures and other derivatives positions , in which case it is necessary to give all details not only of the closing trade but also of the existing trade which is being closed out and the profit or loss arising on the closing out .
special rules apply in relation to closing out of futures and other derivatives positions , in which case it is necessary to give all details not only of the closing trade but also of the [being] trade which is being closed out and the profit or loss arising on the closing out .

It is important to know how the new regime will affect existing orders and pending proceedings .
it is important to know how the new regime will affect [being] orders and pending proceedings .

In formulating the plan `` it is important to recognise the benefits of developing packages of services appropriate to the assessed needs of individual children and their families , rather than directing them to existing services which may not be appropriate `` ( para 2.11 ) .
in formulating the plan `` it is important to recognise the benefits of developing packages of services appropriate to the assessed needs of individual children and their families , rather than directing them to [being] services which may not be appropriate `` ( para 2.11 ) .

The court may give directions or vary or revoke an existing direction at any stage in the proceedings provided that the parties are given notice and an opportunity to attend and be heard or to make written representations .
the court may give directions or vary or revoke an [being] direction at any stage in the proceedings provided that the parties are given notice and an opportunity to attend and be heard or to make written representations .

Any party , including the guardian ad litem , may apply in writing for specific directions or for an existing direction to be varied or revoked .
any party , including the guardian ad litem , may apply in writing for specific directions or for an [being] direction to be varied or revoked .

An existing certificate may be amended for this purpose .
an [being] certificate may be amended for this purpose .

Action which the exchange purports to take under existing rules will not be valid if , on the facts , the action amounts not to the exercise of an existing power contained in the rules but to the creation of a new rule .
action which the exchange purports to take under [being] rules will not be valid if , on the facts , the action amounts not to the exercise of an [being] power contained in the rules but to the creation of a new rule .

Implied terms can thus supplement express rules , or introduce new rules , but can not directly contradict an existing rule .
implied terms can thus supplement express rules , or introduce new rules , but can not directly contradict an [being] rule .

This can be doing running down actions for existing private clients or as an adjunct to one of their other areas of litigation .
this can be doing running down actions for [being] private clients or as an adjunct to one of their other areas of litigation .

Recruiting a specialist practitioner is often a less time-consuming and more successful exercise than starting from scratch with your existing staff .
recruiting a specialist practitioner is often a less time-consuming and more successful exercise than starting from scratch with your [being] staff .

Existing employers and partners can also have a lot to say on this point and do not take kindly to large chunks of their work being removed by an exiting employee .
[being] employers and partners can also have a lot to say on this point and do not take kindly to large chunks of their work being removed by an exiting employee .

Consider if you can utilise any existing hardware .
consider if you can utilise any [being] hardware .

All failed because they were unable to gain either electoral backing or the support of sections of the existing parties .
all failed because they were unable to gain either electoral backing or the support of sections of the [being] parties .

Leftism `` suggests opposition to existing policies or institutions , and within the labour movement it had come to mean dedication to rapid socialization of the economy whether through parliamentary or revolutionary methods ( see below , chapters 12 , 13 , and 15 ) .
leftism `` suggests opposition to [being] policies or institutions , and within the labour movement it had come to mean dedication to rapid socialization of the economy whether through parliamentary or revolutionary methods ( see below , chapters 12 , 13 , and 15 ) .

Until 1918 it was a `` movement `` in the sense of having little central discipline and being bound together by an agreement to accept all ideological positions critical of existing society and postulated on social change through political action .
until 1918 it was a `` movement `` in the sense of having little central discipline and being bound together by an agreement to accept all ideological positions critical of [being] society and postulated on social change through political action .

Many British Labour leaders were already hostile to radical Marxists for their opposition to the war and their encouragement of syndicalist movements challenging existing trade-union practices .
many british labour leaders were already hostile to radical marxists for their opposition to the war and their encouragement of syndicalist movements challenging [being] trade-union practices .

the emphasis of political discussion moved away from domestic problems to the international scene , although states like the Soviet Union or Nazi Germany were often used as symbols for forces existing in British politics .
the emphasis of political discussion moved away from domestic problems to the international scene , although states like the soviet union or nazi germany were often used as symbols for forces [being] in british politics .

In terms of software , a general rule is that new computers will run most of the old software but that new software , written for updated versions of existing microcomputers is often incompatible with earlier versions .
in terms of software , a general rule is that new computers will run most of the old software but that new software , written for updated versions of [being] microcomputers is often incompatible with earlier versions .

Thirdly , the report will be attempting to introduce new approaches to existing curricular work , with implications for the use of resources in the library and in the classroom , for teaching methods presently used in the school and for the skills pupils will use before , during and after they use the microcomputer i.e .
thirdly , the report will be attempting to introduce new approaches to [being] curricular work , with implications for the use of resources in the library and in the classroom , for teaching methods presently used in the school and for the skills pupils will use before , during and after they use the microcomputer i.e .

What the report should try to do is to appear to offer an improvement in existing facilities and support to teachers and pupils without calling for a dramatic reorganization of timetables , syllabi or teaching methods .
what the report should try to do is to appear to offer an improvement in [being] facilities and support to teachers and pupils without calling for a dramatic reorganization of timetables , syllabi or teaching methods .

An important point here is that existing school staff may have little experience of using microcomputers for information retrieval and the school librarian needs to impress the staff by her/his ability in using the microcomputer .
an important point here is that [being] school staff may have little experience of using microcomputers for information retrieval and the school librarian needs to impress the staff by her/his ability in using the microcomputer .

Once the project has been carried out and shown to be successful , subsequent written or verbal reports can outline other uses of the microcomputer based in the school library , leading to the acquisition of a library based microcomputer or the reallocation of an existing microcomputer to the school library .
once the project has been carried out and shown to be successful , subsequent written or verbal reports can outline other uses of the microcomputer based in the school library , leading to the acquisition of a library based microcomputer or the reallocation of an [being] microcomputer to the school library .

Discussion of task Decide purpose of task Discussion of time-scale Creation of word web using existing knowledge
discussion of task decide purpose of task discussion of time-scale creation of word web using [being] knowledge

To protect themselves mamluks returned to their slave markets of origin to purchase boys who were then reared in existing mamluk households creating an isolated military caste to rule Egypt .
to protect themselves mamluks returned to their slave markets of origin to purchase boys who were then reared in [being] mamluk households creating an isolated military caste to rule egypt .

( a ) First mortgage only The court may order that : The Respondent shall as beneficial owner transfer to the Petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this Order the property at 1 Blackacre Drive , Blackacre , subject to the existing mortgage in favour of the Blackacre Building Society .
( a ) first mortgage only the court may order that : the respondent shall as beneficial owner transfer to the petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this order the property at 1 blackacre drive , blackacre , subject to the [being] mortgage in favour of the blackacre building society .

The court may order the husband to convey or transfer his interest in the home to the wife absolutely in the following manner : It is ordered that the Respondent shall transfer to the Petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this Order all his estate and interest in the property 1 Blackacre Drive , Blackacre [ subject to the existing Mortgage to the Blackacre Building Society , the Petitioner indemnifying the Respondent against all claims in respect thereof ] .
the court may order the husband to convey or transfer his interest in the home to the wife absolutely in the following manner : it is ordered that the respondent shall transfer to the petitioner absolutely within 28 days from the date of this order all his estate and interest in the property 1 blackacre drive , blackacre [ subject to the [being] mortgage to the blackacre building society , the petitioner indemnifying the respondent against all claims in respect thereof ] .

Although it may be agreed , or the court may order , that the matrimonial home be conveyed or transferred to the wife alone subject to the existing mortgage , the mortgagee may not be willing to release the husband therefrom .
although it may be agreed , or the court may order , that the matrimonial home be conveyed or transferred to the wife alone subject to the [being] mortgage , the mortgagee may not be willing to release the husband therefrom .

In such case there will be a conveyance or transfer to the wife alone subject to the existing mortgage with the husband taking an indemnity in respect thereof from the wife .
in such case there will be a conveyance or transfer to the wife alone subject to the [being] mortgage with the husband taking an indemnity in respect thereof from the wife .

In a case where the husband owns the house alone , subject to mortgage , and the wife and new husband decide to buy him out , the most usual procedure would be for the conveyance to the wife and new husband to take place contemporaneously with the redemption of the existing mortgage and the taking of the new mortgage .
in a case where the husband owns the house alone , subject to mortgage , and the wife and new husband decide to buy him out , the most usual procedure would be for the conveyance to the wife and new husband to take place contemporaneously with the redemption of the [being] mortgage and the taking of the new mortgage .

The East stand is somewhat of a boon for us ‘ traditionalists ’ who like to stand to watch our teams play … when the Leeds Bond came out one of the perks was season tickets for the new seats in the East Stand at Kop standing prices ( for then existing Kop season ticket holders ) which is/was 180 quid .
the east stand is somewhat of a boon for us ‘ traditionalists ’ who like to stand to watch our teams play … when the leeds bond came out one of the perks was season tickets for the new seats in the east stand at kop standing prices ( for then [being] kop season ticket holders ) which is/was 180 quid .

Alternative excise duty structures could maintain existing revenue levels with less distortion of consumer choice .
alternative excise duty structures could maintain [being] revenue levels with less distortion of consumer choice .

Figure 4.3 shows how raising real excise duties on wines and beers and lowering real excise duties on spirits , could achieve existing revenue targets .
figure 4.3 shows how raising real excise duties on wines and beers and lowering real excise duties on spirits , could achieve [being] revenue targets .

Given the own price elasticities adopted by the Treasury , such an outcome would also have the advantage of meeting revenue targets , while reducing the existing excise duty differentials .
given the own price elasticities adopted by the treasury , such an outcome would also have the advantage of meeting revenue targets , while reducing the [being] excise duty differentials .

The existing structure of excise duties clearly has a perverse impact on the balance of trade .
the [being] structure of excise duties clearly has a perverse impact on the balance of trade .

That means Henry McLeish , John McFall and Maria Fyfe all retain their existing jobs .
that means henry mcleish , john mcfall and maria fyfe all retain their [being] jobs .

To service the new freighters , and minimise their turn around time , Associated British Ports have commissioned a new riverside freight terminal in Hull , adjacent to the existing King George Dock .
to service the new freighters , and minimise their turn around time , associated british ports have commissioned a new riverside freight terminal in hull , adjacent to the [being] king george dock .

They can interfere with existing uses and revoke a permission already given , even if the development has actually been carried out .
they can interfere with [being] uses and revoke a permission already given , even if the development has actually been carried out .

In rejecting a discontinuance order on a scrap metal business in an ‘ attractive residential area ’ , for instance , the minister said : ‘ the fact that such a business is out of place in an attractive residential area must be weighed in the light of an important distinction between the withdrawal of existing use rights , as sought in the discontinuance order , and the refusal of new rights ’ .
in rejecting a discontinuance order on a scrap metal business in an ‘ attractive residential area ’ , for instance , the minister said : ‘ the fact that such a business is out of place in an attractive residential area must be weighed in the light of an important distinction between the withdrawal of [being] use rights , as sought in the discontinuance order , and the refusal of new rights ’ .

It needs to be stressed that British planning legislation does not assume that existing non-conforming uses must disappear if planning policy is to be made effective .
it needs to be stressed that british planning legislation does not assume that [being] non-conforming uses must disappear if planning policy is to be made effective .

This may often be the avowed policy , but the planning acts explicitly permit the continuance of existing uses .
this may often be the avowed policy , but the planning acts explicitly permit the continuance of [being] uses .

The question whether the right to maintain , replace , extend and us an existing building is to subsist in perpetuity , notwithstanding that the building does not conform to the provisions of the scheme is fundamental in relation to the replanning of built-up areas .
the question whether the right to maintain , replace , extend and us an [being] building is to subsist in perpetuity , notwithstanding that the building does not conform to the provisions of the scheme is fundamental in relation to the replanning of built-up areas .

On the one hand , it would not be equitable , without compensation , at any time and for any reason to remove , or to prohibit the maintenance , replacement , extension or use of an existing building .
on the one hand , it would not be equitable , without compensation , at any time and for any reason to remove , or to prohibit the maintenance , replacement , extension or use of an [being] building .

On the other hand , an unqualified right , unless compensation is paid , to replace non-conforming buildings and to maintain existing uses permanently is inconsistent with the present conception of planning .
on the other hand , an unqualified right , unless compensation is paid , to replace non-conforming buildings and to maintain [being] uses permanently is inconsistent with the present conception of planning .

Though this was unacceptable to the government , the 1981 Act established a range of new powers within the existing planning system and a totally new system for compensation .
though this was unacceptable to the government , the 1981 act established a range of new powers within the [being] planning system and a totally new system for compensation .

Second , to provide that existing conditions on a mineral planning permission can be changed with reduced or no compensation payable , provided the changes do not affect certain fundamental elements of the permission .
second , to provide that [being] conditions on a mineral planning permission can be changed with reduced or no compensation payable , provided the changes do not affect certain fundamental elements of the permission .

The report estimated that about 38,000 of the 60,000 caravans were on sites for which permission , usually conditional or temporary , had been given ; about 12,000 had ‘ existing use ’ rights ; and about 10,000 were on sites which appeared to contravene planning control .
the report estimated that about 38,000 of the 60,000 caravans were on sites for which permission , usually conditional or temporary , had been given ; about 12,000 had ‘ [being] use ’ rights ; and about 10,000 were on sites which appeared to contravene planning control .

‘ The question to be considered in every case is whether the land in its existing state , taking into account operations and uses for which planning permission … is not required , is ‘ incapable of reasonably beneficial use ’ … In considering what capacity for use the land has , relevant factors are the physical state of the land , its size , shape and surroundings , and the general patterns of land-uses in the area ; a use of relatively low value may be regarded as reasonably beneficial if such a use is common for similar land in the vicinity .
‘ the question to be considered in every case is whether the land in its [being] state , taking into account operations and uses for which planning permission … is not required , is ‘ incapable of reasonably beneficial use ’ … in considering what capacity for use the land has , relevant factors are the physical state of the land , its size , shape and surroundings , and the general patterns of land-uses in the area ; a use of relatively low value may be regarded as reasonably beneficial if such a use is common for similar land in the vicinity .

Dobry 's view that ‘ it is not so much the system which is wrong but the way in which it is used ’ was endorsed , and his Final Report was commended to students of our planning system as an invaluable compendium of information about the working of the existing development control process , and to local authorities and developers as a source of advice on the best way to operate within it .
dobry 's view that ‘ it is not so much the system which is wrong but the way in which it is used ’ was endorsed , and his final report was commended to students of our planning system as an invaluable compendium of information about the working of the [being] development control process , and to local authorities and developers as a source of advice on the best way to operate within it .

There is no relaxation of planning controls in national parks , areas of outstanding natural beauty and existing conservation areas .
there is no relaxation of planning controls in national parks , areas of outstanding natural beauty and [being] conservation areas .

It is clear that under a system of well-conceived planning the resolution of competing claims and the allocation of land for the various requirements must proceed on the basis of selecting the most suitable land for the particular purpose , irrespective of the existing values which may attach to the individual parcels of land . Uthwatt Report 1942
it is clear that under a system of well-conceived planning the resolution of competing claims and the allocation of land for the various requirements must proceed on the basis of selecting the most suitable land for the particular purpose , irrespective of the [being] values which may attach to the individual parcels of land . uthwatt report 1942

This problem of compensation and betterment arises fundamentally ‘ from the existing legal position with regard to the use of land , which attempts largely to preserve , in a highly developed economy , the purely individualistic approach to land ownership ’ .
this problem of compensation and betterment arises fundamentally ‘ from the [being] legal position with regard to the use of land , which attempts largely to preserve , in a highly developed economy , the purely individualistic approach to land ownership ’ .

the whole conception is that the value of land is divided into two parts — the value restricted to its existing use and the development value .
the whole conception is that the value of land is divided into two parts — the value restricted to its [being] use and the development value .

If , by the action of the State , the development value is no longer in the possession of the owner of the land , then all he has left is the existing use value .
if , by the action of the state , the development value is no longer in the possession of the owner of the land , then all he has left is the [being] use value .

As a result landowners only ‘ owned ’ the existing use rights of their land and it thus followed , first , that if permission to develop was refused no compensation was payable , and , secondly , that the price paid to public authorities for the compulsory acquisition of land would be equal to the existing use value , that is , its value excluding any allowance for future development .
as a result landowners only ‘ owned ’ the [being] use rights of their land and it thus followed , first , that if permission to develop was refused no compensation was payable , and , secondly , that the price paid to public authorities for the compulsory acquisition of land would be equal to the [being] use value , that is , its value excluding any allowance for future development .

It is certainly true that conditions were such that developers were prepared to pay more than existing use prices for land ; but the conditions were extraordinary .
it is certainly true that conditions were such that developers were prepared to pay more than [being] use prices for land ; but the conditions were extraordinary .

The evidence available to the Board of prices paid for land for development suggests that sales at or near existing use value are more the exception than the rule .
the evidence available to the board of prices paid for land for development suggests that sales at or near [being] use value are more the exception than the rule .

The theory that the development charge would leave the developer unwilling or unable to pay more than the existing use value for his land is not at present working out in practice , especially since a would-be house owner who pays building value to the seller of the land .
the theory that the development charge would leave the developer unwilling or unable to pay more than the [being] use value for his land is not at present working out in practice , especially since a would-be house owner who pays building value to the seller of the land .

as well as a development charge to the Board , is still paying less in the total cost of his house than he would have to pay for an existing house with vacant possession .
as well as a development charge to the board , is still paying less in the total cost of his house than he would have to pay for an [being] house with vacant possession .

These powers were used , not as a general means of facilitating the supply of land at existing use prices .
these powers were used , not as a general means of facilitating the supply of land at [being] use prices .

Furthermore , they were used only where an owner had actually offered his land for sale at a price above existing use value .
furthermore , they were used only where an owner had actually offered his land for sale at a price above [being] use value .

The basic difficulty was that the purchasers of land were compelled to pay a premium above the existing use value in order to persuade an owner to sell : a development charge of 100 per cent therefore constituted a permanent addition to the cost of development . Moreover , the basis of the development charge was uncertain :
the basic difficulty was that the purchasers of land were compelled to pay a premium above the [being] use value in order to persuade an owner to sell : a development charge of 100 per cent therefore constituted a permanent addition to the cost of development . moreover , the basis of the development charge was uncertain :

Compensation both for planning restrictions ( in cases where a claim had been admitted ) and for compulsory purchase by public authorities was to be paid on the basis of existing use plus any admitted 1947 development value , but private sales would be at current market prices .
compensation both for planning restrictions ( in cases where a claim had been admitted ) and for compulsory purchase by public authorities was to be paid on the basis of [being] use plus any admitted 1947 development value , but private sales would be at current market prices .

In the first case the owner retains the existing use value of his land and is worse off only in comparison with owners who have been fortunate in owning land on which development is permitted and who can therefore realise a capital gain .
in the first case the owner retains the [being] use value of his land and is worse off only in comparison with owners who have been fortunate in owning land on which development is permitted and who can therefore realise a capital gain .

But in the latter case the public authority would pay only the existing ( 1947 ) use value plus any agreed claim for loss of 1947 development value .
but in the latter case the public authority would pay only the [being] ( 1947 ) use value plus any agreed claim for loss of 1947 development value .

As land prices increased , due partly to planning controls , the gap between existing use and market values widened , particularly in suburban areas near green belt land .
as land prices increased , due partly to planning controls , the gap between [being] use and market values widened , particularly in suburban areas near green belt land .

The former benefited from the full market value of his site in residential use , whereas the latter could benefit only from its existing use value .
the former benefited from the full market value of his site in residential use , whereas the latter could benefit only from its [being] use value .

Thus ( ignoring a few complications and qualifications ) , if a piece of land was worth £500 in its existing use but was sold for £3,500 with planning permission , the levy was applied to the difference , that is , £3,000 ; the levy , at the initial rate , was £1,200 .
thus ( ignoring a few complications and qualifications ) , if a piece of land was worth £500 in its [being] use but was sold for £3,500 with planning permission , the levy was applied to the difference , that is , £3,000 ; the levy , at the initial rate , was £1,200 .

If , however , the land were sold ( at existing use value plus a ‘ hope ’ value that planning permission might be obtained ) at £1,000 , while the full development value was £3,500 , the levy would be paid by both seller and purchaser : £200 by the former and £1,000 by the latter .
if , however , the land were sold ( at [being] use value plus a ‘ hope ’ value that planning permission might be obtained ) at £1,000 , while the full development value was £3,500 , the levy would be paid by both seller and purchaser : £200 by the former and £1,000 by the latter .

Our existing negative planning control provides a valuable check on the market , and would at first sight seem capable of safeguarding our heritage and resolving the conflict between private interests and the public good .
our [being] negative planning control provides a valuable check on the market , and would at first sight seem capable of safeguarding our heritage and resolving the conflict between private interests and the public good .

This is not to deny that plan-making is a very valuable function of our local authorities ; it is rather to point out that the existing powers to implement their plans are restricted by the price that the market puts on some land , and by the fact that the planners ' resource is in the hands of private owners rather than at the disposal of the community .
this is not to deny that plan-making is a very valuable function of our local authorities ; it is rather to point out that the [being] powers to implement their plans are restricted by the price that the market puts on some land , and by the fact that the planners ' resource is in the hands of private owners rather than at the disposal of the community .

This involves estimating such factors as new household formation ( which itself can be affected by housing supply and prices ) , the rate of slum clearance , the role of improvements and major repairs to existing houses , and the geographic shift of jobs , retirement migration , second homes , and improved housing standards .
this involves estimating such factors as new household formation ( which itself can be affected by housing supply and prices ) , the rate of slum clearance , the role of improvements and major repairs to [being] houses , and the geographic shift of jobs , retirement migration , second homes , and improved housing standards .

’ This may well have been the intention , but in fact the implications are clear : demolition rates are too low , compulsory purchase of homes for redevelopment is inevitable in the future ; owner-occupiers can not be trusted to be the final arbiters of whether their homes arc unfit ' ; and some existing environments may be so drab as to be not worth preserving ' .
’ this may well have been the intention , but in fact the implications are clear : demolition rates are too low , compulsory purchase of homes for redevelopment is inevitable in the future ; owner-occupiers can not be trusted to be the final arbiters of whether their homes arc unfit ' ; and some [being] environments may be so drab as to be not worth preserving ' .

This is clearly debatable , but the major point is important : the amount of demand for new land will be determined in part by the amount of available land in existing urbanised areas , and this in turn will be determined in part by slum clearance .
this is clearly debatable , but the major point is important : the amount of demand for new land will be determined in part by the amount of available land in [being] urbanised areas , and this in turn will be determined in part by slum clearance .

Apart from some limited rounding-off of existing small towns and villages , no further urban expansion is to be allowed within this belt … In other parts of the country , certain planning authorities are endeavouring , by administrative action , to restrict further building development around the large urban areas .
apart from some limited rounding-off of [being] small towns and villages , no further urban expansion is to be allowed within this belt … in other parts of the country , certain planning authorities are endeavouring , by administrative action , to restrict further building development around the large urban areas .

Local planning authorities are now required to ensure that conditions ( preferably reinforced by tree preservation orders ) are imposed for the protection of existing trees and for the planting of new ones .
local planning authorities are now required to ensure that conditions ( preferably reinforced by tree preservation orders ) are imposed for the protection of [being] trees and for the planting of new ones .

And certain existing circumstances often appear to influence the likelihood of their occurrence .
and certain [being] circumstances often appear to influence the likelihood of their occurrence .

Existing ties may help to reduce the number of events experienced ( arrow h , Figure 7.1 ) , reduce the likelihood that events will be perceived as stressful ( arrow j ) , and provide emotional support after the event ( arrows i and k ) .
[being] ties may help to reduce the number of events experienced ( arrow h , figure 7.1 ) , reduce the likelihood that events will be perceived as stressful ( arrow j ) , and provide emotional support after the event ( arrows i and k ) .

Jamie was moping around his flat , existing on cups of tea and stale bread toast .
jamie was moping around his flat , [being] on cups of tea and stale bread toast .

will the work be done with an existing installation or with specially built apparatus ?
will the work be done with an [being] installation or with specially built apparatus ?

The higher the current market rate of interest , the lower will be the market price of existing bonds .
the higher the current market rate of interest , the lower will be the market price of [being] bonds .

It is just a case of existing money changing hands .
it is just a case of [being] money changing hands .

Similarly , existing holders of securities will probably sell them while the price is high , hoping to buy them back again when the price falls , thus making a capital gain .
similarly , [being] holders of securities will probably sell them while the price is high , hoping to buy them back again when the price falls , thus making a capital gain .

If existing money circulates faster , there will be less shortage of money and less upward pressure on interest rates .
if [being] money circulates faster , there will be less shortage of money and less upward pressure on interest rates .

Similarly , high interest rates may discourage householders from taking on new mortgages , but existing mortgages are unlikely to be reduced .
similarly , high interest rates may discourage householders from taking on new mortgages , but [being] mortgages are unlikely to be reduced .

However , those advocating an outright ban on new sole practices and a phased abolition of existing ones constituted only a small , if not insignificant , minority of respondents .
however , those advocating an outright ban on new sole practices and a phased abolition of [being] ones constituted only a small , if not insignificant , minority of respondents .

( b ) it was felt that the circumstances envisaged in the question were already catered for adequately in the existing rules and principles of professional conduct relating to conflicts of interests ;
( b ) it was felt that the circumstances envisaged in the question were already catered for adequately in the [being] rules and principles of professional conduct relating to conflicts of interests ;

In contrast to the views of the majority of local law societies , the Conference of Presidents and Secretaries concluded that existing conflict rules were ineffective , and they reluctantly supported the introduction of a prohibition .
in contrast to the views of the majority of local law societies , the conference of presidents and secretaries concluded that [being] conflict rules were ineffective , and they reluctantly supported the introduction of a prohibition .

Indeed , of the biotic explanations of how existing plant species avoid competition , some are based on time-sharing of animal agents .
indeed , of the biotic explanations of how [being] plant species avoid competition , some are based on time-sharing of animal agents .

advocating a review of the Careers Service , the Council proposed that reform within the existing structure of local authority control of the Careers Service should be examined before committing this function to radical restructuring under other management .
advocating a review of the careers service , the council proposed that reform within the [being] structure of local authority control of the careers service should be examined before committing this function to radical restructuring under other management .

The available body of existing tempo evidence may appear to Neumann to be slim , but this does not mean that it is insignificant .
the available body of [being] tempo evidence may appear to neumann to be slim , but this does not mean that it is insignificant .

It is difficult to break in to existing programmes .
it is difficult to break in to [being] programmes .

We will use existing , successful programmes like ‘ From Our Own Correspondent ’ , but increase their range so that they cover home stories as well .
we will use [being] , successful programmes like ‘ from our own correspondent ’ , but increase their range so that they cover home stories as well .

She knew that they both considered it a good solution to the difficulties existing at present , and this was disturbing .
she knew that they both considered it a good solution to the difficulties [being] at present , and this was disturbing .

The previously existing subduction zone is converted into a suture zone marking where the two continents are welded together .
the previously [being] subduction zone is converted into a suture zone marking where the two continents are welded together .

There are two main types of chemical bond existing between atoms contained in the compounds constituting the Earth 's rock-forming minerals — ionic bonds and covalent bonds .
there are two main types of chemical bond [being] between atoms contained in the compounds constituting the earth 's rock-forming minerals — ionic bonds and covalent bonds .

Primary minerals with an existing layered structure , such as biotite , can be fairly readily altered into a clay mineral ( often illite which is similarly potassium-rich ) , whereas most other silicate minerals require a more fundamental reorganization of their crystal structure .
primary minerals with an [being] layered structure , such as biotite , can be fairly readily altered into a clay mineral ( often illite which is similarly potassium-rich ) , whereas most other silicate minerals require a more fundamental reorganization of their crystal structure .

Current European efforts to preserve electronic information are paltry as most of the existing data archives concentrate on the retention of datasets produced by researchers .
current european efforts to preserve electronic information are paltry as most of the [being] data archives concentrate on the retention of datasets produced by researchers .

It is a commonplace that computers have the potential to revolutionise the way we communicate ; perhaps less commonplace , because less obvious , that because our starting-point is our existing methods and practices , we can be very slow to adapt to the computer 's potential and find radically new ways of working .
it is a commonplace that computers have the potential to revolutionise the way we communicate ; perhaps less commonplace , because less obvious , that because our starting-point is our [being] methods and practices , we can be very slow to adapt to the computer 's potential and find radically new ways of working .

Even within existing state bodies , the workings of legal or administrative imperatives are being complicated by commercial forces , which reflect the revolution in the bureaucratic culture of British institutions over the past decade .
even within [being] state bodies , the workings of legal or administrative imperatives are being complicated by commercial forces , which reflect the revolution in the bureaucratic culture of british institutions over the past decade .

With more efficient use of the existing electronic information resources in our Town Halls this is an approach that could bear much fruit .
with more efficient use of the [being] electronic information resources in our town halls this is an approach that could bear much fruit .

Unless existing custodial protection can be extended to include software , the first step towards systematic acquisition will have faltered , and a justification for special provision will need to be articulated ab initio in much the same way as film and sound archives emerged as distinct organisational entities outside the object-centred museum establishment .
unless [being] custodial protection can be extended to include software , the first step towards systematic acquisition will have faltered , and a justification for special provision will need to be articulated ab initio in much the same way as film and sound archives emerged as distinct organisational entities outside the object-centred museum establishment .

However persuasively we argue to include software in the existing fold of custodial protection , the need for the special provision of resources can not be evaded .
however persuasively we argue to include software in the [being] fold of custodial protection , the need for the special provision of resources can not be evaded .

There are any number of examples in Britain , the rest of Europe , and the United States , and the core curriculum developed recently is likely to consolidate and extend existing initiatives .
there are any number of examples in britain , the rest of europe , and the united states , and the core curriculum developed recently is likely to consolidate and extend [being] initiatives .

But existing markets are not ‘ perfect ’ and operate under institutional structures enforceable by law .
but [being] markets are not ‘ perfect ’ and operate under institutional structures enforceable by law .

the ‘ library ’ taken narrowly as the traditional collection of books , journals and a wide range of other media , with its existing set of facilities , operations and services ;
the ‘ library ’ taken narrowly as the traditional collection of books , journals and a wide range of other media , with its [being] set of facilities , operations and services ;

Outside the Review the whole area of digitisation of existing research library material is an important one for the 1990s .
outside the review the whole area of digitisation of [being] research library material is an important one for the 1990s .

Existing software which incorporates documentation procedures is being evaluated with a view to using it as a basis for this development .
[being] software which incorporates documentation procedures is being evaluated with a view to using it as a basis for this development .

Because of the financial value attached to insurance policies , records were preserved with extreme care and existing records migrated to a new medium only when two criteria were met : first , that the technology was completely proven , and second , that the number of policies in force made the transition practical .
because of the financial value attached to insurance policies , records were preserved with extreme care and [being] records migrated to a new medium only when two criteria were met : first , that the technology was completely proven , and second , that the number of policies in force made the transition practical .

But if some existing races could be shown to be closer to the apes than others , would this not prove their inferiority ?
but if some [being] races could be shown to be closer to the apes than others , would this not prove their inferiority ?

The process of undercutting the existing wage rate would continue until all of those willing to work had been absorbed into employment .
the process of undercutting the [being] wage rate would continue until all of those willing to work had been absorbed into employment .

Men are in voluntarily unemployed if , in the event of a small rise in the price of wage-goods relatively to the money-wage , both the aggregate supply of labour willing to work for the current money-wage and the aggregate demand for it at that wage would be greater than the existing volume of employment .
men are in voluntarily unemployed if , in the event of a small rise in the price of wage-goods relatively to the money-wage , both the aggregate supply of labour willing to work for the current money-wage and the aggregate demand for it at that wage would be greater than the [being] volume of employment .

The third party is served ( as in a fixed date action ) with the notice , a copy of the summons and any existing pleadings .
the third party is served ( as in a fixed date action ) with the notice , a copy of the summons and any [being] pleadings .

Thus , when a partner retires , agreement may be reached with the continuing partners to exonerate or indemnify him from or against existing liabilities of the firm , and a new partner joining the firm in his place may be required to accept additional liability in that respect .
thus , when a partner retires , agreement may be reached with the continuing partners to exonerate or indemnify him from or against [being] liabilities of the firm , and a new partner joining the firm in his place may be required to accept additional liability in that respect .

Whilst an announcement in the London Gazette is good notice to all persons who are not existing clients or creditors , it is always a question of fact as to whether persons who have had dealings with the firm have received sufficient notice of changes .
whilst an announcement in the london gazette is good notice to all persons who are not [being] clients or creditors , it is always a question of fact as to whether persons who have had dealings with the firm have received sufficient notice of changes .

Whenever difficulty is experienced in the course of business , such as dealing with a partner who appears not to be pulling his full weight or a developing personality clash between two partners , if the existing agreement proves inadequate to the task of resolving the dispute it should as a matter of priority be revised so that from then on it sufficiently deals with such matters in a way that takes account of the actual experience .
whenever difficulty is experienced in the course of business , such as dealing with a partner who appears not to be pulling his full weight or a developing personality clash between two partners , if the [being] agreement proves inadequate to the task of resolving the dispute it should as a matter of priority be revised so that from then on it sufficiently deals with such matters in a way that takes account of the actual experience .

Subject to the contrary agreement of the partners : ( 5 ) Every partner may take part in the management of the partnership business ( 7 ) No partner may be introduced as a partner without the consent of all existing partners ( 8 ) Any difference arising as to ordinary matters connected with the partnership business may be decided by a majority of the partners , but no change may be made in the nature of the partnership business without the consent of all existing partners It is obvious enough that if a partner is to be held responsible for the acts of his co-partners committed in the name of the firm he should in principle have : ( 1 ) unrestricted access to information about those acts ; ( 2 ) every right , indeed a duty , to assume personal responsibility ( equally with his co-partners ) for the conduct of the firm 's affairs ; and ( 3 ) the right ( by exercise of a veto ) to prevent any act for which he is unwilling to accept liability .
subject to the contrary agreement of the partners : ( 5 ) every partner may take part in the management of the partnership business ( 7 ) no partner may be introduced as a partner without the consent of all [being] partners ( 8 ) any difference arising as to ordinary matters connected with the partnership business may be decided by a majority of the partners , but no change may be made in the nature of the partnership business without the consent of all [being] partners it is obvious enough that if a partner is to be held responsible for the acts of his co-partners committed in the name of the firm he should in principle have : ( 1 ) unrestricted access to information about those acts ; ( 2 ) every right , indeed a duty , to assume personal responsibility ( equally with his co-partners ) for the conduct of the firm 's affairs ; and ( 3 ) the right ( by exercise of a veto ) to prevent any act for which he is unwilling to accept liability .

Conversely , where existing competition is light and the traditional catchment area of the firm large , a wide restraint may be expected to be upheld ; and ( 4 ) a prohibition against accepting instructions from any person who has at any time , or over a long period , been a client of the outgoing partner 's former firm .
conversely , where [being] competition is light and the traditional catchment area of the firm large , a wide restraint may be expected to be upheld ; and ( 4 ) a prohibition against accepting instructions from any person who has at any time , or over a long period , been a client of the outgoing partner 's former firm .

They may be used to prevent a reference to an expert after that date , in which case an existing determination , made by or on behalf of one of the parties but not accepted by the other , may have to stand .
they may be used to prevent a reference to an expert after that date , in which case an [being] determination , made by or on behalf of one of the parties but not accepted by the other , may have to stand .

This would have the effect of either : ( 1 ) turning a `` non-speaking `` decision into a 'speaking `` one , where the expert had not been specifically instructed beforehand to produce a speaking decision ; or ( 2 ) giving more detail to an existing 'speaking `` decision . ``
this would have the effect of either : ( 1 ) turning a `` non-speaking `` decision into a 'speaking `` one , where the expert had not been specifically instructed beforehand to produce a speaking decision ; or ( 2 ) giving more detail to an [being] 'speaking `` decision . ``

If the tenant accepts that the property may be redeveloped he will probably wish to be looking for alternative accommodation sooner rather than later , and he will wish to move in and terminate his liability under his existing lease as soon as he finds it .
if the tenant accepts that the property may be redeveloped he will probably wish to be looking for alternative accommodation sooner rather than later , and he will wish to move in and terminate his liability under his [being] lease as soon as he finds it .

4.16 Similarly , a disabled plaintiff often requires special living accommodation ( eg a bungalow equipped with doors suitable for the passage of a wheel-chair ) or requires special appliances to be installed in his existing accommodation .
4.16 similarly , a disabled plaintiff often requires special living accommodation ( eg a bungalow equipped with doors suitable for the passage of a wheel-chair ) or requires special appliances to be installed in his [being] accommodation .

This information should enable the investor to decide : ( a ) if the size of the workforce is to be reduced , at what cost , bearing in mind the notice periods , age and length of service of the employees ; ( b ) if the workforce is to be increased , at what cost ; ( c ) whether the existing terms of employment , benefits and so on are appropriate , or too great a burden for the target business ; ( d ) the importance of key individuals and whether any action should be taken to ensure their loyalty or protect the company 's position by , for example , keyman insurance ( particularly important in service industries ) ; and ( e ) action to be taken in respect of any share option arrangements , incentive schemes , or the funding ( or under-funding ) of pension schemes .
this information should enable the investor to decide : ( a ) if the size of the workforce is to be reduced , at what cost , bearing in mind the notice periods , age and length of service of the employees ; ( b ) if the workforce is to be increased , at what cost ; ( c ) whether the [being] terms of employment , benefits and so on are appropriate , or too great a burden for the target business ; ( d ) the importance of key individuals and whether any action should be taken to ensure their loyalty or protect the company 's position by , for example , keyman insurance ( particularly important in service industries ) ; and ( e ) action to be taken in respect of any share option arrangements , incentive schemes , or the funding ( or under-funding ) of pension schemes .

For certain businesses the purchaser may require the prior consent or approval of an industry regulator before it can commence the new business or amalgamate it into its existing business .
for certain businesses the purchaser may require the prior consent or approval of an industry regulator before it can commence the new business or amalgamate it into its [being] business .

If the price paid for the business has been calculated on turnover it is important to the purchaser that he benefits from all existing contracts .
if the price paid for the business has been calculated on turnover it is important to the purchaser that he benefits from all [being] contracts .

The Yellow Book is currently being revised and the existing edition is due to be entirely replaced .
the yellow book is currently being revised and the [being] edition is due to be entirely replaced .

Such undertakings will normally be unacceptable to the purchaser who may wish to dispose of part of the assets or reduce inherent costs by utilising existing central services such as its own accounts department .
such undertakings will normally be unacceptable to the purchaser who may wish to dispose of part of the assets or reduce inherent costs by utilising [being] central services such as its own accounts department .

In a rights issue the purchaser offers to its existing shareholders the right to subscribe in cash for such number of shares in proportion to their existing holdings as will raise a sum ( after deduction of the rights issue costs ) equal to the consideration needed for the acquisition .
in a rights issue the purchaser offers to its [being] shareholders the right to subscribe in cash for such number of shares in proportion to their [being] holdings as will raise a sum ( after deduction of the rights issue costs ) equal to the consideration needed for the acquisition .

As with any other policy the insurers will commonly require exclusions against the following : ( 1 ) The adequacy of insurance arrangements The view of the insurers is that it should be for the purchaser to determine whether existing insurance cover for the business is adequate and if it is not to increase the level of cover with effect from completion .
as with any other policy the insurers will commonly require exclusions against the following : ( 1 ) the adequacy of insurance arrangements the view of the insurers is that it should be for the purchaser to determine whether [being] insurance cover for the business is adequate and if it is not to increase the level of cover with effect from completion .

For example , the employees that he takes over may have more generous terms of employment than his existing staff , or the vendor may have a collective agreement with or have recognised a trade union .
for example , the employees that he takes over may have more generous terms of employment than his [being] staff , or the vendor may have a collective agreement with or have recognised a trade union .

Alternatively , the purchaser may decide that he can operate the business more efficiently than the vendor either by a general reorganisation of job responsibilities or by his existing staff taking on a greater workload .
alternatively , the purchaser may decide that he can operate the business more efficiently than the vendor either by a general reorganisation of job responsibilities or by his [being] staff taking on a greater workload .

Regional fishing organisations to police catches are seen as one possible answer , although the existing North Atlantic Fisheries Organisation has failed to protect stocks from over-exploitation .
regional fishing organisations to police catches are seen as one possible answer , although the [being] north atlantic fisheries organisation has failed to protect stocks from over-exploitation .

The plan calls for government action in six areas : payments for farmers who take measures to manage their land for the benefit of wildlife , landscape and conservation ; an increase in resources for environmentally sensitive farming ; better integration of existing environmental schemes ; the opportunity to enter a voluntary scheme covering the whole of a farm for a five-year or longer period of conservation work ; government pressure on the European Commission to give greater recognition to the potential for production controls and other mechanisms to benefit the environment ; and the introduction of environmental training programmes for farmers .
the plan calls for government action in six areas : payments for farmers who take measures to manage their land for the benefit of wildlife , landscape and conservation ; an increase in resources for environmentally sensitive farming ; better integration of [being] environmental schemes ; the opportunity to enter a voluntary scheme covering the whole of a farm for a five-year or longer period of conservation work ; government pressure on the european commission to give greater recognition to the potential for production controls and other mechanisms to benefit the environment ; and the introduction of environmental training programmes for farmers .

The Slovak Agency for the Environment , based in Banska Bystrica , in Central Slovakia , incorporates several existing environmental protection organizations .
the slovak agency for the environment , based in banska bystrica , in central slovakia , incorporates several [being] environmental protection organizations .

Schmuck said existing political parties were failing to make the environment a priority and that economic and environmental restructuring can be combined .
schmuck said [being] political parties were failing to make the environment a priority and that economic and environmental restructuring can be combined .

It adjoins existing parks in Alaska and Canada 's Yukon Territory , creating the world 's largest protected area that crosses national boundaries .
it adjoins [being] parks in alaska and canada 's yukon territory , creating the world 's largest protected area that crosses national boundaries .

The space agencies of the United States , Russia , Europe , Japan , China and Brazil have agreed to a joint programme which will use both existing and new satellites to monitor changes in the global environment .
the space agencies of the united states , russia , europe , japan , china and brazil have agreed to a joint programme which will use both [being] and new satellites to monitor changes in the global environment .

FoE says that alternatives are in use and existing stocks will be adequate well past the year 2000 , when the Montreal Protocol requires an end to their use .
foe says that alternatives are in use and [being] stocks will be adequate well past the year 2000 , when the montreal protocol requires an end to their use .

Marketing and distribution assistance is also needed , as are changes in existing regulations that hinder small-scale food processing .
marketing and distribution assistance is also needed , as are changes in [being] regulations that hinder small-scale food processing .

Western governments and companies are spending twice as much money on expanding nuclear power in the former Soviet bloc as they are on improving the safety of existing reactors , according to a study by Friends of the Earth .
western governments and companies are spending twice as much money on expanding nuclear power in the former soviet bloc as they are on improving the safety of [being] reactors , according to a study by friends of the earth .

The minister estimated that over 50,000 million roubles will be required to undertake research , set up experimental sites to produce substitutes for ozone-depleting chemicals and convert existing production sites .
the minister estimated that over 50,000 million roubles will be required to undertake research , set up experimental sites to produce substitutes for ozone-depleting chemicals and convert [being] production sites .

The law does , however , exempt those who had a `` valid , existing right `` to the coal , although this was not clearly defined by Congress .
the law does , however , exempt those who had a `` valid , [being] right `` to the coal , although this was not clearly defined by congress .

The Malaysian government has banned new industries from using chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) and halon gases and has imposed ceilings on their use by existing industries .
the malaysian government has banned new industries from using chlorofluorocarbons ( cfcs ) and halon gases and has imposed ceilings on their use by [being] industries .

One in three householders believed bills were less than they would have been under the existing system ( of flat-rate charges ) , nearly one in five said bills were about the same , while more than one in three said they were higher .
one in three householders believed bills were less than they would have been under the [being] system ( of flat-rate charges ) , nearly one in five said bills were about the same , while more than one in three said they were higher .

Household waste can still be exported to neighbouring countries such as the Netherlands and Belgium under existing contracts .
household waste can still be exported to neighbouring countries such as the netherlands and belgium under [being] contracts .

Under intense pressure to revitalise the severely-depressed Australian economy , Hawke 's successor , Prime Minister Paul Keating , has repealed existing conservation laws .
under intense pressure to revitalise the severely-depressed australian economy , hawke 's successor , prime minister paul keating , has repealed [being] conservation laws .

This would be sufficient to allow the government to open 160 new waste treatment plants over the next decade , and to close down all the existing 6,700 public tips .
this would be sufficient to allow the government to open 160 new waste treatment plants over the next decade , and to close down all the [being] 6,700 public tips .

The Department of the Environment has rejected the report , claiming that it contained misleading information and that the existing statutory framework was effective in controlling pollution .
the department of the environment has rejected the report , claiming that it contained misleading information and that the [being] statutory framework was effective in controlling pollution .

The report also argues that existing measures such as cameras are unlikely to ensure enforcement and calls for the installation of mechanical speed-limiting equipment in cars and lorries .
the report also argues that [being] measures such as cameras are unlikely to ensure enforcement and calls for the installation of mechanical speed-limiting equipment in cars and lorries .

The newly-imposed French import ban applies to all countries except those with existing direct waste disposal arrangements with France .
the newly-imposed french import ban applies to all countries except those with [being] direct waste disposal arrangements with france .

Among the cities most in danger around the world are : * Bangkok , which faces a sea level rise of six feet by 2010 ; * Shanghai , also threatened by a six feet rise , coupled with the danger that salt water would advance 40 miles up the Yangtze River , causing severe drinking water shortages ; * Hong Kong , where seas may engulf newly-reclaimed coastal land , and an increased frequency of typhoons , due to climate disruption , threaten the whole territory ; * Alexandria — the whole city " may disappear " unless major defence works are undertaken ; * Tokyo , which will need £40 billion of flood defences in order to protect new suburbs ; * Rio de Janeiro , whose tourist beaches and nearby coastal villages are in danger ; * London , where there is concern that the existing Thames flood barrier may prove insufficient .
among the cities most in danger around the world are : * bangkok , which faces a sea level rise of six feet by 2010 ; * shanghai , also threatened by a six feet rise , coupled with the danger that salt water would advance 40 miles up the yangtze river , causing severe drinking water shortages ; * hong kong , where seas may engulf newly-reclaimed coastal land , and an increased frequency of typhoons , due to climate disruption , threaten the whole territory ; * alexandria — the whole city " may disappear " unless major defence works are undertaken ; * tokyo , which will need £40 billion of flood defences in order to protect new suburbs ; * rio de janeiro , whose tourist beaches and nearby coastal villages are in danger ; * london , where there is concern that the [being] thames flood barrier may prove insufficient .

Existing export permits are to be revoked .
[being] export permits are to be revoked .

The exact cost , and hence the viability , of the energy source remains to be determined , though it is projected to be about 10 pence a unit , five times the existing price of coal but only twice the cost of nuclear power .
the exact cost , and hence the viability , of the energy source remains to be determined , though it is projected to be about 10 pence a unit , five times the [being] price of coal but only twice the cost of nuclear power .

Central to the committee 's 50 recommendations was a call for a national forestry strategy , to assess what types of forests were required , and how best to manage existing woodland .
central to the committee 's 50 recommendations was a call for a national forestry strategy , to assess what types of forests were required , and how best to manage [being] woodland .

The committee expressed concern over loss of public access as Forestry Commission woodland was sold off , and said that as a first step , all existing rights of way should be maintained .
the committee expressed concern over loss of public access as forestry commission woodland was sold off , and said that as a first step , all [being] rights of way should be maintained .

Existing nuclear storage facilities are either full to overflowing or close to it .
[being] nuclear storage facilities are either full to overflowing or close to it .

Existing models of global warming have not taken this into account , according to Cox .
[being] models of global warming have not taken this into account , according to cox .

In a report on sea pollution , the committee declared that existing legal sanctions against discharges were `` virtually ineffective `` and did not act as a deterrent .
in a report on sea pollution , the committee declared that [being] legal sanctions against discharges were `` virtually ineffective `` and did not act as a deterrent .

The expedition was invited because Siberian oil companies plan to extend their operations north from the existing centre at Noyabrsk into the Krasnoselkup region , which covers an area of 106,000 square kilometres , almost the size of England .
the expedition was invited because siberian oil companies plan to extend their operations north from the [being] centre at noyabrsk into the krasnoselkup region , which covers an area of 106,000 square kilometres , almost the size of england .

Critics of the government , in particular the Greens , believe that the emission targets are not attainable within the existing and planned array of measures .
critics of the government , in particular the greens , believe that the emission targets are not attainable within the [being] and planned array of measures .

Environmentalists opposed to the operation claim that existing and planned plantations could supply 95 per cent of the woodchip industry 's needs .
environmentalists opposed to the operation claim that [being] and planned plantations could supply 95 per cent of the woodchip industry 's needs .

The report acknowledges that industrialized countries bear much of the responsibility for existing environmental problems , and hence should bear the brunt of the cost of tackling them .
the report acknowledges that industrialized countries bear much of the responsibility for [being] environmental problems , and hence should bear the brunt of the cost of tackling them .

The ban is to take effect after six months , allowing merchants time to liquidate their existing stocks .
the ban is to take effect after six months , allowing merchants time to liquidate their [being] stocks .

The report criticises a number of existing projects .
the report criticises a number of [being] projects .

The new compressor eliminates the crank used in existing models , increasing efficiency .
the new compressor eliminates the crank used in [being] models , increasing efficiency .

Launching a document called Green Power , energy spokesman Kevin Barron , said that Labour would change the existing levy on fossil fuels used for other energy sources ( primarily nuclear power ) into a clean energy levy .
launching a document called green power , energy spokesman kevin barron , said that labour would change the [being] levy on fossil fuels used for other energy sources ( primarily nuclear power ) into a clean energy levy .

It urges the government to revoke all existing planning permissions for extracting peat .
it urges the government to revoke all [being] planning permissions for extracting peat .

Describing the FoE reports , Do Not Disturb and The Global Status of Peatlands and their Role in Carbon Cycling , as a `` valuable addition to our existing knowledge of this habitat `` , English Nature said in a statement that : `` In a commercial sense , bogs … are not a renewable resource .
describing the foe reports , do not disturb and the global status of peatlands and their role in carbon cycling , as a `` valuable addition to our [being] knowledge of this habitat `` , english nature said in a statement that : `` in a commercial sense , bogs … are not a renewable resource .

Commissioned by the Department of Energy ( before it was merged with the Department of Trade and Industry ) , the report , entitled " The Social Cost of Fuel Cycles " , draws on existing information to calculate money values for the non-market costs of fuels .
commissioned by the department of energy ( before it was merged with the department of trade and industry ) , the report , entitled " the social cost of fuel cycles " , draws on [being] information to calculate money values for the non-market costs of fuels .

The Italian government headed by Giulliano Amato has declared its intention to simplify and strengthen the country 's existing environmental legislation .
the italian government headed by giulliano amato has declared its intention to simplify and strengthen the country 's [being] environmental legislation .

The exception is Singapore , where the catalysts ' effect will be reinforced by existing restrictions on traffic density , principally achieved through limiting the number of new car registrations .
the exception is singapore , where the catalysts ' effect will be reinforced by [being] restrictions on traffic density , principally achieved through limiting the number of new car registrations .

The new report confirmed these concerns , questioning whether existing toxicity tests were sufficient to take account of these issues .
the new report confirmed these concerns , questioning whether [being] toxicity tests were sufficient to take account of these issues .

He said that the existing system of Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSIs ) had proved ineffectual , with over 500 SSSIs destroyed in the past two years , and that the legal protection to be given to SACs was still unclear .
he said that the [being] system of sites of special scientific interest ( sssis ) had proved ineffectual , with over 500 sssis destroyed in the past two years , and that the legal protection to be given to sacs was still unclear .

Conservationists expect the government to rely on the existing network of 5,800 sites of special scientific interest ( SSSIs ) , which are given only limited protection under the 1981 Wildlife and Countryside Act .
conservationists expect the government to rely on the [being] network of 5,800 sites of special scientific interest ( sssis ) , which are given only limited protection under the 1981 wildlife and countryside act .

It would apply to new plants almost immediately , while new licenses for existing plants would have to be sought within 10 years , and renewed at least every decade to take account of advances in pollution control technology .
it would apply to new plants almost immediately , while new licenses for [being] plants would have to be sought within 10 years , and renewed at least every decade to take account of advances in pollution control technology .

Environmentalists argue that this target could be met within a year by using existing technology such as improved insulation and door seals .
environmentalists argue that this target could be met within a year by using [being] technology such as improved insulation and door seals .

Hence , one might expect the middle class to opt for the political party most likely to conserve the existing state of affairs .
hence , one might expect the middle class to opt for the political party most likely to conserve the [being] state of affairs .

The new class of electors had different and greater demands than those of the existing middle-class electors .
the new class of electors had different and greater demands than those of the [being] middle-class electors .

For many critics of the existing Constitution , parliamentary sovereignty no longer constitutes an encouragement to the rule of law but rather exists as an impediment to its attainment .
for many critics of the [being] constitution , parliamentary sovereignty no longer constitutes an encouragement to the rule of law but rather exists as an impediment to its attainment .

Under existing legislation , the commissioners are required to review electoral boundaries every 10-15 years .
under [being] legislation , the commissioners are required to review electoral boundaries every 10-15 years .

The other more recent criticisms of the electoral system has derived from the characterization of the existing political system as an adversary one .
the other more recent criticisms of the electoral system has derived from the characterization of the [being] political system as an adversary one .

Despite this pressure for reform , the existing system retains its supporters .
despite this pressure for reform , the [being] system retains its supporters .

There may be some discontinuity in policy occasioned by governments of different political persuasions pursuing different paths , but that is the price — an acceptable price — one has to pay for the advantages offered by the existing system .
there may be some discontinuity in policy occasioned by governments of different political persuasions pursuing different paths , but that is the price — an acceptable price — one has to pay for the advantages offered by the [being] system .

The main reason for this was that the units themselves resented a very young officer , heavily laden with acting rank , which meant that an existing officer of the same rank had to he disposed of to make way for an operational type doing a rest period .
the main reason for this was that the units themselves resented a very young officer , heavily laden with acting rank , which meant that an [being] officer of the same rank had to he disposed of to make way for an operational type doing a rest period .

In reply to the enquiry asking if there was any order , draft order or scheme for the construction of a new trunk road or special road or any proposals for the alteration or improvement of an existing road involving the construction , whether or not within existing highway limits within 200 metres of the property or construction of a new road or alteration or improvement of an existing road the Council stated no but the County Council intend to improve the Dane Street/Station Road within the next 10 years .
in reply to the enquiry asking if there was any order , draft order or scheme for the construction of a new trunk road or special road or any proposals for the alteration or improvement of an [being] road involving the construction , whether or not within [being] highway limits within 200 metres of the property or construction of a new road or alteration or improvement of an [being] road the council stated no but the county council intend to improve the dane street/station road within the next 10 years .

But of course , you may prefer to join The Ramblers ' Association simply to add your voice to that of our 63,000 existing members and to keep in touch with what is going on in the countryside .
but of course , you may prefer to join the ramblers ' association simply to add your voice to that of our 63,000 [being] members and to keep in touch with what is going on in the countryside .

Mont Blanc exists , and it will go on existing until it wears away or an earthquake knocks it over .
mont blanc exists , and it will go on [being] until it wears away or an earthquake knocks it over .

Mutation has to work by modifying the existing processes of embryonic development .
mutation has to work by modifying the [being] processes of embryonic development .

For example , when the Lucas workers were asked if there were ways in which it would be possible to protect workers on the North Sea oil pipelines from the hazards experienced there , they were conscious that their initial reaction was typical of the existing forms of science and technology : they thought of designing a robotic device which would eliminate the human being altogether .
for example , when the lucas workers were asked if there were ways in which it would be possible to protect workers on the north sea oil pipelines from the hazards experienced there , they were conscious that their initial reaction was typical of the [being] forms of science and technology : they thought of designing a robotic device which would eliminate the human being altogether .

The alternative to this , he suggests , is , `` to subdivide and codify the design process incorporating the knowledge of the existing designers so that it is reduced to a sequence of simple choices `` .
the alternative to this , he suggests , is , `` to subdivide and codify the design process incorporating the knowledge of the [being] designers so that it is reduced to a sequence of simple choices `` .

Some of the terms of the existing agreements indirectly touch on the quality of working life .
some of the terms of the [being] agreements indirectly touch on the quality of working life .

The existing provisions for public enquiries prior to construction offers some opportunity for the public to respond , but this feedback is likely to have only minimal impact on the chosen design , unless new procedures are introduced .
the [being] provisions for public enquiries prior to construction offers some opportunity for the public to respond , but this feedback is likely to have only minimal impact on the chosen design , unless new procedures are introduced .

The study highlighted the themes of the high cost of energy as a major problem for consumers ; their ignorance of the true effect of existing and potential energy saving measures , and available ( but unpublicised ) credit facilities ; and their belief that any energy savings achieved will lead to high fuel prices .
the study highlighted the themes of the high cost of energy as a major problem for consumers ; their ignorance of the true effect of [being] and potential energy saving measures , and available ( but unpublicised ) credit facilities ; and their belief that any energy savings achieved will lead to high fuel prices .

It is worth noting that the bulk of the existing forces of production have been built upon fossil fuels , high energy and non-renewable resources and have evolved an infrastructure and internal relationships with a clear economic rationality , despite their ecological unsoundness .
it is worth noting that the bulk of the [being] forces of production have been built upon fossil fuels , high energy and non-renewable resources and have evolved an infrastructure and internal relationships with a clear economic rationality , despite their ecological unsoundness .

As we biotechnologicalise our existing forces of production we may well one day come to extend Marx 's aphorism by adding : and the advanced bioreactor ( fermenter ) gives you society with the Ecotopian .
as we biotechnologicalise our [being] forces of production we may well one day come to extend marx 's aphorism by adding : and the advanced bioreactor ( fermenter ) gives you society with the ecotopian .

Starting with a quotation from Larkin 's account of the writing of a poem , Peter Verdonk 's `` Poems as Text and Discourse `` aims to link the formal features of poems to the dynamic communicative process existing between the author and the reader in the process of the creation and of the consumption of literature .
starting with a quotation from larkin 's account of the writing of a poem , peter verdonk 's `` poems as text and discourse `` aims to link the formal features of poems to the dynamic communicative process [being] between the author and the reader in the process of the creation and of the consumption of literature .

The relationships between persons of which the bible tells are relations between people existing in a patriarchal society .
the relationships between persons of which the bible tells are relations between people [being] in a patriarchal society .

As successive batches of immigrants strove to carve out their own territories and perhaps take over existing farm and hunting lands by force , the already established settlers built impressive hill-forts to watch over their possessions and shelter people and livestock in time of emergency .
as successive batches of immigrants strove to carve out their own territories and perhaps take over [being] farm and hunting lands by force , the already established settlers built impressive hill-forts to watch over their possessions and shelter people and livestock in time of emergency .

to identify existing and potential local initiatives for economic development in West Belfast .
to identify [being] and potential local initiatives for economic development in west belfast .

Most traditional employment practices , such as word-of-mouth recruitment , the use of unsolicited applications , preferences for friends and relations of existing employees and preferences for seniority , are practices which favour the ‘ haves ’ and disadvantage the ‘ have nots ’ .
most traditional employment practices , such as word-of-mouth recruitment , the use of unsolicited applications , preferences for friends and relations of [being] employees and preferences for seniority , are practices which favour the ‘ haves ’ and disadvantage the ‘ have nots ’ .

It also says that very little of the new money is being spent on things which are genuinely different and distinguishable from existing statutory programmes and policies .
it also says that very little of the new money is being spent on things which are genuinely different and distinguishable from [being] statutory programmes and policies .

It was suggested that the best way for trade unions to fight unemployment was to defend already existing jobs that are under threat — for example , to fight redundancies in Mackies and to strike against privatisation in the hospitals and schools .
it was suggested that the best way for trade unions to fight unemployment was to defend already [being] jobs that are under threat — for example , to fight redundancies in mackies and to strike against privatisation in the hospitals and schools .

The next part of the meeting concentrated on the link between poor housing and ill health and a number of reports were commented upon as evidence of a clear link existing in this area .
the next part of the meeting concentrated on the link between poor housing and ill health and a number of reports were commented upon as evidence of a clear link [being] in this area .

Not only is there no government strategy for economic development for women but the current government policies attack the existing rights of women .
not only is there no government strategy for economic development for women but the current government policies attack the [being] rights of women .

How do existing training and employment policies discriminate against women ?
how do [being] training and employment policies discriminate against women ?

How do existing training and employment policies discriminate against people with disabilities ?
how do [being] training and employment policies discriminate against people with disabilities ?

St. Asaph — One of the smallest cities in Britain the existing cathedral buildings date from the thirteenth century .
st. asaph — one of the smallest cities in britain the [being] cathedral buildings date from the thirteenth century .

Whether she responds to it by producing special kinds of eggs destined to be soldiers or whether the workers treat the existing larvae in a special way is not certain .
whether she responds to it by producing special kinds of eggs destined to be soldiers or whether the workers treat the [being] larvae in a special way is not certain .

Instead , the context has to be discovered and constructed from the text itself and from other existing knowledge the reader may have .
instead , the context has to be discovered and constructed from the text itself and from other [being] knowledge the reader may have .

In ordinary usage , and also in science , the term ‘ predict ’ is used of a conscious , deliberate attempt to make a forecast of a future event on the basis of existing knowledge and assumption .
in ordinary usage , and also in science , the term ‘ predict ’ is used of a conscious , deliberate attempt to make a forecast of a future event on the basis of [being] knowledge and assumption .

There are probably few people who would now dispute that beginners ' use of their existing knowledge of language is important and should be encouraged .
there are probably few people who would now dispute that beginners ' use of their [being] knowledge of language is important and should be encouraged .

But the notion of an ‘ appeal ’ , of a direct address to the French people — over and above existing intermediaries , authorities , parliaments and parties — has a long tradition in France .
but the notion of an ‘ appeal ’ , of a direct address to the french people — over and above [being] intermediaries , authorities , parliaments and parties — has a long tradition in france .

This was much higher than pre-war figures , and there seemed little prospect , on existing policies , of any significant decline .
this was much higher than pre-war figures , and there seemed little prospect , on [being] policies , of any significant decline .

When it comes to finding a new job , you 'll obviously start by trying to get one that uses your existing skills .
when it comes to finding a new job , you 'll obviously start by trying to get one that uses your [being] skills .

For where the first stage , the mechanised production in factories of consumer goods for an existing colonial market virtually monopolised by Britain , promised and provided immediate and enormous profit on a relatively modest outlay , the second did not .
for where the first stage , the mechanised production in factories of consumer goods for an [being] colonial market virtually monopolised by britain , promised and provided immediate and enormous profit on a relatively modest outlay , the second did not .

In a broader context , it can , as ideological preference may urge , be regarded either as part of the exercise in the 1860s of that liberal political wisdom which freely conceded timely advances to the advocates of change and so harnessed their energies and aspirations to the support of the general interest in the maintenance of stability and the creation of wealth in a prospering nation ; or as part of the calculated manipulation of events so as to ensure the preservation of the existing social structure against fundamental changes such as the institution of a juster order would require .
in a broader context , it can , as ideological preference may urge , be regarded either as part of the exercise in the 1860s of that liberal political wisdom which freely conceded timely advances to the advocates of change and so harnessed their energies and aspirations to the support of the general interest in the maintenance of stability and the creation of wealth in a prospering nation ; or as part of the calculated manipulation of events so as to ensure the preservation of the [being] social structure against fundamental changes such as the institution of a juster order would require .

’ These are , the chapter says , creating new pressures for the extension of joint regulation which ‘ inevitably raise the question whether existing institutions can be developed to provide for employee involvement at this level , or whether new institutions are needed .
’ these are , the chapter says , creating new pressures for the extension of joint regulation which ‘ inevitably raise the question whether [being] institutions can be developed to provide for employee involvement at this level , or whether new institutions are needed .

So far under this heading ‘ trade union and legislative development ’ , as under the earlier headings , the case effectively stated remains the case for extension , within the existing dispensation , of the role of trade unions .
so far under this heading ‘ trade union and legislative development ’ , as under the earlier headings , the case effectively stated remains the case for extension , within the [being] dispensation , of the role of trade unions .

There can be no confidence that unions , existing to serve a sectional interest , will or can suppress that interest in order to support the wider interest , whether at company or national level .
there can be no confidence that unions , [being] to serve a sectional interest , will or can suppress that interest in order to support the wider interest , whether at company or national level .

Moreover the conventional presumption is for continuity with respect to bilateral treaties , and for new States formed through union or dissolution of existing States .
moreover the conventional presumption is for continuity with respect to bilateral treaties , and for new states formed through union or dissolution of [being] states .

Waldock , for example , considered that the ‘ general duty ’ upon States to respect the operation of treaties between other States , ‘ even when limited to treaties not impairing their rights or imposing disabilities upon them seems to go beyond the existing law ’ .
waldock , for example , considered that the ‘ general duty ’ upon states to respect the operation of treaties between other states , ‘ even when limited to treaties not impairing their rights or imposing disabilities upon them seems to go beyond the [being] law ’ .

Roxburgh concluded that ‘ whenever a State concludes a treaty which violates the existing rights of a third State … the latter is entitled to intervene .
roxburgh concluded that ‘ whenever a state concludes a treaty which violates the [being] rights of a third state … the latter is entitled to intervene .

You might consider moving the stops to allow for a thicker door , or if this is impractical , using a thicker door and rebating the edges to the existing thickness so that it fits the frame .
you might consider moving the stops to allow for a thicker door , or if this is impractical , using a thicker door and rebating the edges to the [being] thickness so that it fits the frame .

Making replicas of existing chairs is generally done to extend sets of antique chairs , but it can also prove a very useful introduction to chair-making techniques .
making replicas of [being] chairs is generally done to extend sets of antique chairs , but it can also prove a very useful introduction to chair-making techniques .

As they did not regard the existing ‘ Democratic Republic ’ as representative of the people of Annam and Tonkin ( the question of Cochinchina tended not to be raised ) this obviously ruled out serious negotiation .
as they did not regard the [being] ‘ democratic republic ’ as representative of the people of annam and tonkin ( the question of cochinchina tended not to be raised ) this obviously ruled out serious negotiation .

It was matched , operationally , by General Erskine 's conviction that the Chinese border could be made impregnable and the coastline sealed off to prevent external aid reaching the Vietminh ; although it was admitted this could not be done with existing forces on the border .
it was matched , operationally , by general erskine 's conviction that the chinese border could be made impregnable and the coastline sealed off to prevent external aid reaching the vietminh ; although it was admitted this could not be done with [being] forces on the border .

The first body-blow to this belief was dealt by Kinsey , Pomeroy and Martin , who concluded that , far from a high-point of sexual feeling and tension existing only in the earlier adult years and continuing only to around the mid-fifties , sexuality and sexual activity decline after youth only in the most gradual way , with no set or probable point of cessation .
the first body-blow to this belief was dealt by kinsey , pomeroy and martin , who concluded that , far from a high-point of sexual feeling and tension [being] only in the earlier adult years and continuing only to around the mid-fifties , sexuality and sexual activity decline after youth only in the most gradual way , with no set or probable point of cessation .

When the practice begins or comes to light in the context of an existing marriage or other partnership it may be distressing for the partner .
when the practice begins or comes to light in the context of an [being] marriage or other partnership it may be distressing for the partner .

It is the duty of the judge to consider each case before him in the light of existing law and established principles .
it is the duty of the judge to consider each case before him in the light of [being] law and established principles .

With this building and some rearrangement in existing rooms , the Science departments were allowed to expand , with Chemistry gaining half as much space again , and Physics three times the amount it had , by moving its laboratory into the old Art Room .
with this building and some rearrangement in [being] rooms , the science departments were allowed to expand , with chemistry gaining half as much space again , and physics three times the amount it had , by moving its laboratory into the old art room .

An existing member of staff , Mrs. Sheila Renshaw , was ready to take up her duties as Senior Mistress .
an [being] member of staff , mrs. sheila renshaw , was ready to take up her duties as senior mistress .

Existing industries expanded in leaps and bounds .
[being] industries expanded in leaps and bounds .

It can ensure compatibility , avoid unnecessary duplication of effort , enable economies to be made by cooperative use and the full employment of existing facilities .
it can ensure compatibility , avoid unnecessary duplication of effort , enable economies to be made by cooperative use and the full employment of [being] facilities .

At an already existing school with much less lavish provision , Ron Mitson of Codsall Comprehensive established a thorough change of the total organizational pattern of the school in order to provoke , stimulate and support the kind of thinking and innovation he sought from his staff . His analysis of objectives reinforces Cunningham 's :
at an already [being] school with much less lavish provision , ron mitson of codsall comprehensive established a thorough change of the total organizational pattern of the school in order to provoke , stimulate and support the kind of thinking and innovation he sought from his staff . his analysis of objectives reinforces cunningham 's :

The school is described in detail in Organizing Resources , and was very influential in the early 19705 because of its thorough-going use of existing resources : staff , equipment , space , finances and enthusiasm .
the school is described in detail in organizing resources , and was very influential in the early 19705 because of its thorough-going use of [being] resources : staff , equipment , space , finances and enthusiasm .

`` Resources `` is about co-operation , and the maximization of use of existing facilities .
`` resources `` is about co-operation , and the maximization of use of [being] facilities .

It means offering existing customers the new model two weeks before they seek a replacement from your competitors .
it means offering [being] customers the new model two weeks before they seek a replacement from your competitors .

Examine carefully every specific selling interface you and your people have with existing and potential customers .
examine carefully every specific selling interface you and your people have with [being] and potential customers .

All the same , solitary bucks — if they can find no existing holes to make use of — will sometimes scratch out short tunnels for shelter , although it is not work that they tackle at all seriously .
all the same , solitary bucks — if they can find no [being] holes to make use of — will sometimes scratch out short tunnels for shelter , although it is not work that they tackle at all seriously .

All we can do here is to draw attention to the existing divorce , and to suggest measures that may lead to reunion .
all we can do here is to draw attention to the [being] divorce , and to suggest measures that may lead to reunion .

We urge the Venezuelan people to continue the strong , democratic tradition existing in your country for the past 34 years .
we urge the venezuelan people to continue the strong , democratic tradition [being] in your country for the past 34 years .

The Reverend Horace Etemesi is now regional coordinator for Latin America/Caribbean in addition to his existing position as regional coordinator for Africa .
the reverend horace etemesi is now regional coordinator for latin america/caribbean in addition to his [being] position as regional coordinator for africa .

The existing refugee problem has now reached immeasurable proportions
the [being] refugee problem has now reached immeasurable proportions

This process will build upon existing networks and create new ones .
this process will build upon [being] networks and create new ones .

It was started as a response to the existing state education system in place under apartheid , in which ‘ black children were educated in a way geared to keeping them as a docile , compliant labour force ’ , according to a colleague of the School .
it was started as a response to the [being] state education system in place under apartheid , in which ‘ black children were educated in a way geared to keeping them as a docile , compliant labour force ’ , according to a colleague of the school .

Does this also mean that a different kind of art history will be added to that already existing in the West ?
does this also mean that a different kind of art history will be added to that already [being] in the west ?

‘ Mr and Mrs Brown ’ , a pair of shuffling shoe trees , is one of several existing works which Horn is bringing to London , but greater attention will concentrate around the four new installations which the artist is creating for the gallery .
‘ mr and mrs brown ’ , a pair of shuffling shoe trees , is one of several [being] works which horn is bringing to london , but greater attention will concentrate around the four new installations which the artist is creating for the gallery .

Participants also suggested that a study be carried out of existing materials from other countries in the South such as Nigeria , South Africa , the Philippines and some Latin American countries .
participants also suggested that a study be carried out of [being] materials from other countries in the south such as nigeria , south africa , the philippines and some latin american countries .

The main obstacle lies in the existing neo-liberal economic model which favours the powerful and encourages monopolies to rule in communications and other fields .
the main obstacle lies in the [being] neo-liberal economic model which favours the powerful and encourages monopolies to rule in communications and other fields .

Akram and Waqar have turned existing comprehension upside-down in that they are less dangerous with the new ball than with the old .
akram and waqar have turned [being] comprehension upside-down in that they are less dangerous with the new ball than with the old .

If a court feels that a particular act which is not authorized by statute requires positive legal authorization , it may be able to achieve this by extending an existing prerogative power into a new area .
if a court feels that a particular act which is not authorized by statute requires positive legal authorization , it may be able to achieve this by extending an [being] prerogative power into a new area .

Existing commercial broadcasters claim the new stations are illegal .
[being] commercial broadcasters claim the new stations are illegal .

Community broadcasters , however , argue that current legislation does not apply to them as they do not interfere with any existing broadcasting signals .
community broadcasters , however , argue that current legislation does not apply to them as they do not interfere with any [being] broadcasting signals .

It seems that the masterplan , compiled by former Tate curator Richard Francis , is recommending that the existing galleries be given over to British art , from the sixteenth century to the present day , while another building , either already in existence , or to be built , but in either case not far from Millbank , will become the gallery of modern art .
it seems that the masterplan , compiled by former tate curator richard francis , is recommending that the [being] galleries be given over to british art , from the sixteenth century to the present day , while another building , either already in existence , or to be built , but in either case not far from millbank , will become the gallery of modern art .

Programmes of a racist nature , in keeping with existing legislation , are prohibited .
programmes of a racist nature , in keeping with [being] legislation , are prohibited .

All viewers , regardless of geographical situation , have the right to receive existing and future national Hertzian stations .
all viewers , regardless of geographical situation , have the right to receive [being] and future national hertzian stations .

finding ways to acquire and set up sustainable and free media institutions , and requesting , as a right , allocation of adequate air time on government controlled radio and television media . Existing media programmes , projects and facilities of churches , including the use of airtime on state media , should move away from simply being an extension of catechism classes or a restaging of normal Sunday worship , to address human rights , development , and other socio-economic issues ;
finding ways to acquire and set up sustainable and free media institutions , and requesting , as a right , allocation of adequate air time on government controlled radio and television media . [being] media programmes , projects and facilities of churches , including the use of airtime on state media , should move away from simply being an extension of catechism classes or a restaging of normal sunday worship , to address human rights , development , and other socio-economic issues ;

to ensure that existing communication systems be used to assist the integral development of communities in the search for a more just and peaceful world .
to ensure that [being] communication systems be used to assist the integral development of communities in the search for a more just and peaceful world .

We can glimpse from these brief illustrations that the rival interpretations of liberalism constitute more than idle philosophical speculations about the rationale for the existing law of contract .
we can glimpse from these brief illustrations that the rival interpretations of liberalism constitute more than idle philosophical speculations about the rationale for the [being] law of contract .

Its entrance into the family arena escalates existing disputes .
its entrance into the family arena escalates [being] disputes .

If ‘ all criminal laws admit of cases of just excuse ’ then it is simply impossible exhaustively to describe the existing content of criminal law beyond a certain level of generality .
if ‘ all criminal laws admit of cases of just excuse ’ then it is simply impossible exhaustively to describe the [being] content of criminal law beyond a certain level of generality .

The report added that the almost total blackout on the issue in the press ‘ speaks volumes for the apathy , fear and misguidedness currently existing in this country ’ .
the report added that the almost total blackout on the issue in the press ‘ speaks volumes for the apathy , fear and misguidedness currently [being] in this country ’ .

It is this skewed nature of the existing private print media that has called for the participation of the government in the ownership and operation of the print media in this country .
it is this skewed nature of the [being] private print media that has called for the participation of the government in the ownership and operation of the print media in this country .

The existing arrangements between the Foundation established by Baron Thyssen in Barcelona and the town of Barcelona will also be fully respected and it is hoped that the relationship between the two Foundations will be developed to their mutual advantage .
the [being] arrangements between the foundation established by baron thyssen in barcelona and the town of barcelona will also be fully respected and it is hoped that the relationship between the two foundations will be developed to their mutual advantage .

The cigarette companies used this to justify tobacco advertising : they have maintained that , to reduce average tar yields , new brands will have to be introduced ( despite the fact that substantial changes have already been made to existing brands by simply altering their yields ) and advertising will be needed to make the public aware of these new brands .
the cigarette companies used this to justify tobacco advertising : they have maintained that , to reduce average tar yields , new brands will have to be introduced ( despite the fact that substantial changes have already been made to [being] brands by simply altering their yields ) and advertising will be needed to make the public aware of these new brands .

This fear of fear will both provoke further symptoms as well as preventing the existing ones from diminishing naturally .
this fear of fear will both provoke further symptoms as well as preventing the [being] ones from diminishing naturally .

Sotheby 's was approached towards the end of 1988 , and , according to Llewellyn , ‘ We told the seller that we certainly would not be prepared to sell it for him unless it was clear that there were no existing legal claims to be made by any third parties against the picture .
sotheby 's was approached towards the end of 1988 , and , according to llewellyn , ‘ we told the seller that we certainly would not be prepared to sell it for him unless it was clear that there were no [being] legal claims to be made by any third parties against the picture .

‘ The limitations on artists who wish to make works that respond to the contemporary world of existing mass media images will be very confining indeed ’ , one critic warned .
‘ the limitations on artists who wish to make works that respond to the contemporary world of [being] mass media images will be very confining indeed ’ , one critic warned .

His prescriptions for a ‘ dignified and durable tourism ’ were : first , to limit the number of visitors and levy a $ 150–200 fee that would go directly into a conservation fund ; second , include conservation awareness as part of the visit ; third , improve the existing facilities rather than build new ; and fourth , work to improve the standard of living in the adjacent city of Siem Reap .
his prescriptions for a ‘ dignified and durable tourism ’ were : first , to limit the number of visitors and levy a $ 150–200 fee that would go directly into a conservation fund ; second , include conservation awareness as part of the visit ; third , improve the [being] facilities rather than build new ; and fourth , work to improve the standard of living in the adjacent city of siem reap .

Hains allegedly took mouldings of existing works to fake minor artists while using original casts for Rodins .
hains allegedly took mouldings of [being] works to fake minor artists while using original casts for rodins .

Beginning in August the museum will present a complementary long-term display from the existing permanent collection , featuring the Sackler 's best Korean paintings , gilt bronzes , lacquers and ceramics .
beginning in august the museum will present a complementary long-term display from the [being] permanent collection , featuring the sackler 's best korean paintings , gilt bronzes , lacquers and ceramics .

The draft directive has , however , been criticised because not only would it extend data protection to manual data such as card indexes exempt under much existing legislation but it would also have a substantial impact on charities which depend on direct mail to get support and sponsorship . The proposal may also cause difficulties in the following areas :
the draft directive has , however , been criticised because not only would it extend data protection to manual data such as card indexes exempt under much [being] legislation but it would also have a substantial impact on charities which depend on direct mail to get support and sponsorship . the proposal may also cause difficulties in the following areas :

The report added that the almost total blackout on the issue in the press ‘ speaks volumes for the apathy , fear and misguidedness currently existing in this country ’ .
the report added that the almost total blackout on the issue in the press ‘ speaks volumes for the apathy , fear and misguidedness currently [being] in this country ’ .

It is this skewed nature of the existing private print media that has called for the participation of the government in the ownership and operation of the print media in this country .
it is this skewed nature of the [being] private print media that has called for the participation of the government in the ownership and operation of the print media in this country .

Depending on the particular objectives of the public relations programme , these audiences may include potential or existing customers , creditors and shareholders , schools or other educational bodies , employees , local residents , government and other authorities and non-formers in the appropriate fields .
depending on the particular objectives of the public relations programme , these audiences may include potential or [being] customers , creditors and shareholders , schools or other educational bodies , employees , local residents , government and other authorities and non-formers in the appropriate fields .

The government wants to stimulate new industry in these areas both by encouraging the growth and development of new companies and by the expansion of existing companies .
the government wants to stimulate new industry in these areas both by encouraging the growth and development of new companies and by the expansion of [being] companies .

Existing users could apply for `` licences of right `` , which permitted them to take quantities up to the maximum that had been abstracted previously .
[being] users could apply for `` licences of right `` , which permitted them to take quantities up to the maximum that had been abstracted previously .

New users of water or those who require more than the maximum amount scheduled in an existing licence have to apply for permission to take the estimated quantity to the water authority in the area in which the works is situated , which will then decide whether sufficient water is available for the new abstraction .
new users of water or those who require more than the maximum amount scheduled in an [being] licence have to apply for permission to take the estimated quantity to the water authority in the area in which the works is situated , which will then decide whether sufficient water is available for the new abstraction .

The incomer might not agree to any existing house rules or feel that they can ignore them because they were not party to them initially .
the incomer might not agree to any [being] house rules or feel that they can ignore them because they were not party to them initially .

Whether this unity of symbolic meaning is derived from an accidental similarity in the way the words are pronounced , or whether the common pronunciation came about because of an existing symbolic link , is open to debate .
whether this unity of symbolic meaning is derived from an accidental similarity in the way the words are pronounced , or whether the common pronunciation came about because of an [being] symbolic link , is open to debate .

There are now approximately 2 million more weavers operating in Persia than there were during the time of the late Shah , and , even if this trend is reversed , existing stocks are large enough to keep the Western markets more than adequately supplied for a decade or so .
there are now approximately 2 million more weavers operating in persia than there were during the time of the late shah , and , even if this trend is reversed , [being] stocks are large enough to keep the western markets more than adequately supplied for a decade or so .

Secondly , existing paper documents could be scanned into a computer and then converted to electronic form to allow further processing .
secondly , [being] paper documents could be scanned into a computer and then converted to electronic form to allow further processing .

Secondly , existing paper documents could be scanned into a computer and then converted to electronic form to allow further processing .
secondly , [being] paper documents could be scanned into a computer and then converted to electronic form to allow further processing .

Secondly , existing paper documents could be scanned into a computer and then converted to electronic form to allow further processing .
secondly , [being] paper documents could be scanned into a computer and then converted to electronic form to allow further processing .

This is an important question since ( a ) dictionaries are attempts by people to represent externally what they know about language ; and ( b ) they are an existing source of information that has evolved over hundreds of years .
this is an important question since ( a ) dictionaries are attempts by people to represent externally what they know about language ; and ( b ) they are an [being] source of information that has evolved over hundreds of years .

Smadja argues that knowledge of relations such as these is necessary to both understanding and generation , and he outlines an approach for automatically acquiring such restrictions from a corpus , and then using it to augment an existing lexicon .
smadja argues that knowledge of relations such as these is necessary to both understanding and generation , and he outlines an approach for automatically acquiring such restrictions from a corpus , and then using it to augment an [being] lexicon .

’ … publisher 's MRDs have the wrong form , and the wrong content , and while some ad hoc programming may achieve rapid partial results … further study or exploitation of existing MRDs will lead to diminishing returns . ’
’ … publisher 's mrds have the wrong form , and the wrong content , and while some ad hoc programming may achieve rapid partial results … further study or exploitation of [being] mrds will lead to diminishing returns . ’

There are certain classes of English word combinations that can not be explained using existing syntactic or semantic theories . For example , consider the use of ’ strong ’ and ’ powerful ’ in the following phrases :
there are certain classes of english word combinations that can not be explained using [being] syntactic or semantic theories . for example , consider the use of ’ strong ’ and ’ powerful ’ in the following phrases :

There are certain classes of English word combinations that can not be explained using existing syntactic or semantic theories .
there are certain classes of english word combinations that can not be explained using [being] syntactic or semantic theories .

As far as the Herbert interest was concerned , therefore , Gloucester was put at the head of an existing connection which he was expected to do little to modify .
as far as the herbert interest was concerned , therefore , gloucester was put at the head of an [being] connection which he was expected to do little to modify .

In Wales also Gloucester was expected to set himself at the head of existing officials .
in wales also gloucester was expected to set himself at the head of [being] officials .

In establishing himself in the north , Gloucester was able to build upon existing foundations .
in establishing himself in the north , gloucester was able to build upon [being] foundations .

Here , as in the duchy of Lancaster , Gloucester was able to draw on existing loyalties .
here , as in the duchy of lancaster , gloucester was able to draw on [being] loyalties .

But Gloucester 's acquisition of Skipton was as much a matter of strengthening existing connections as of creating new ones .
but gloucester 's acquisition of skipton was as much a matter of strengthening [being] connections as of creating new ones .

Again , the grant consolidated existing ducal interests , rounding out Gloucester 's influence in the honour of Pickering further east .
again , the grant consolidated [being] ducal interests , rounding out gloucester 's influence in the honour of pickering further east .

In these areas Gloucester 's appointment in 1480 as the king 's lieutenant in the north did not do much more than recognize existing realities .
in these areas gloucester 's appointment in 1480 as the king 's lieutenant in the north did not do much more than recognize [being] realities .

With the estates came the service of the existing duchy officials , but the queen was also able to establish her own connection there , and several of her servants and kinsmen were subsequently rewarded from the duchy .
with the estates came the service of the [being] duchy officials , but the queen was also able to establish her own connection there , and several of her servants and kinsmen were subsequently rewarded from the duchy .

The duke , in other words , contributed to the royal connection as well as providing a focus for existing royal servants .
the duke , in other words , contributed to the royal connection as well as providing a focus for [being] royal servants .

In the work of the French Marxist Louis Althusser , the family , as an ‘ ideological state apparatus ’ , becomes the scene of the operation of ideological processes whereby the reproduction of existing social relations of production is secured , but even this more sophisticated version assumes a functionalist fit between intention and effect .
in the work of the french marxist louis althusser , the family , as an ‘ ideological state apparatus ’ , becomes the scene of the operation of ideological processes whereby the reproduction of [being] social relations of production is secured , but even this more sophisticated version assumes a functionalist fit between intention and effect .

The family is therefore the site of both primary socialisation of children and the continuing socialisation of adults , so that ‘ socialisation ’ becomes a deterministic notion of the way in which people are manipulated by existing structures of society .
the family is therefore the site of both primary socialisation of children and the continuing socialisation of adults , so that ‘ socialisation ’ becomes a deterministic notion of the way in which people are manipulated by [being] structures of society .

In both the Parsonian model and in the orthodox Marxist version , the function of the family is to secure the maintenance of the existing social order economically , ideologically and sexually .
in both the parsonian model and in the orthodox marxist version , the function of the family is to secure the maintenance of the [being] social order economically , ideologically and sexually .

By 1845 it had been discovered that eggs were ejected spontaneously but this largely failed to affect existing views of sexuality .
by 1845 it had been discovered that eggs were ejected spontaneously but this largely failed to affect [being] views of sexuality .

The city was he believed , rightly enough , ‘ fairly representative of the conditions existing in many if not most of our provincial towns ’ , providing a range of industrial and service employment with average pay and employment levels .
the city was he believed , rightly enough , ‘ fairly representative of the conditions [being] in many if not most of our provincial towns ’ , providing a range of industrial and service employment with average pay and employment levels .

City land available for house-building was further reduced by the building of railways and roads which often swallowed up not only building land but also existing working-class housing .
city land available for house-building was further reduced by the building of railways and roads which often swallowed up not only building land but also [being] working-class housing .

In addition the spread of the franchise necessitated an electorate able to evaluate political issues , preferably in a manner acceptable to the existing controllers of politics .
in addition the spread of the franchise necessitated an electorate able to evaluate political issues , preferably in a manner acceptable to the [being] controllers of politics .

Rate support and local authority influence was expected to improve the often low standards of denominational schools , which made up a high proportion of existing elementary schools .
rate support and local authority influence was expected to improve the often low standards of denominational schools , which made up a high proportion of [being] elementary schools .

The existing flat rate tax of 1s .
the [being] flat rate tax of 1s .

He believed that the central problem was that of helping the existing aged poor who had suffered from the bad industrial conditions of the past , and that younger generations should be induced to save .
he believed that the central problem was that of helping the [being] aged poor who had suffered from the bad industrial conditions of the past , and that younger generations should be induced to save .

Both reports condemned the existing system and recommended the end of a separate Poor Law .
both reports condemned the [being] system and recommended the end of a separate poor law .

In theory a statute could do no more than declare existing law ; and statutes were cast in a declaratory form .
in theory a statute could do no more than declare [being] law ; and statutes were cast in a declaratory form .

The pretence that statutes merely declared existing law was dropped ; they occupied areas of national life which before they had only occasionally entered ; they became far more precisely drafted and the judges interpreted them a good deal less freely ; they were , by the reign of Elizabeth , the outcome of a definite and recognized procedure .
the pretence that statutes merely declared [being] law was dropped ; they occupied areas of national life which before they had only occasionally entered ; they became far more precisely drafted and the judges interpreted them a good deal less freely ; they were , by the reign of elizabeth , the outcome of a definite and recognized procedure .

The Exchequer was not really designed to provide the King with a store of liquid cash and it was no part of its role to expand existing sources of revenue , invent new ones , or curb royal expenditure .
the exchequer was not really designed to provide the king with a store of liquid cash and it was no part of its role to expand [being] sources of revenue , invent new ones , or curb royal expenditure .

If an inspector discovers a contravention of one of the provisions of the existing legislation or a contravention of a provision of the Order he can :
if an inspector discovers a contravention of one of the provisions of the [being] legislation or a contravention of a provision of the order he can :

Existing health and safety at work legislation
[being] health and safety at work legislation

The main provisions of the existing Acts covering health and safety , and regulations made under them , will be retained but will be amended , revised or repealed as necessary over a period of years .
the main provisions of the [being] acts covering health and safety , and regulations made under them , will be retained but will be amended , revised or repealed as necessary over a period of years .

It does not supersede the more detailed and specific provisions covering certain equipment contained in existing legislation , but it goes beyond such provisions in requiring a more wide-ranging assessment of risk .
it does not supersede the more detailed and specific provisions covering certain equipment contained in [being] legislation , but it goes beyond such provisions in requiring a more wide-ranging assessment of risk .

There is a specific Open Learning Scheme which can assist organisations in areas of training not already covered by existing schemes of assistance .
there is a specific open learning scheme which can assist organisations in areas of training not already covered by [being] schemes of assistance .

The counsellor acts primarily as a resource for clients , and it is the clinical team 's responsibility to ensure assessment is undertaken by an appropriate specialist so the ‘ best ’ decision is made in the interests of the client and potential child , as well as any existing children .
the counsellor acts primarily as a resource for clients , and it is the clinical team 's responsibility to ensure assessment is undertaken by an appropriate specialist so the ‘ best ’ decision is made in the interests of the client and potential child , as well as any [being] children .

Exploration of implications and outcome — particularly for people considering the use of donated gametes , so they can examine all the complexities of such treatment decisions and the possible effect on existing and unborn children .
exploration of implications and outcome — particularly for people considering the use of donated gametes , so they can examine all the complexities of such treatment decisions and the possible effect on [being] and unborn children .

Both are Asian capitalist nations existing in close proximity to very different political and economic systems ; the awareness of a shared threat , fostered in particular by South Korea , does as much as anything to bring them together .
both are asian capitalist nations [being] in close proximity to very different political and economic systems ; the awareness of a shared threat , fostered in particular by south korea , does as much as anything to bring them together .

The official imposition of conventional social forms and norms was achieved largely through the education and legal systems , but its strength lay in its manipulation of existing social values and a long-standing social system which enabled it to be internalized by the average Japanese .
the official imposition of conventional social forms and norms was achieved largely through the education and legal systems , but its strength lay in its manipulation of [being] social values and a long-standing social system which enabled it to be internalized by the average japanese .

Although external organs such as the police networks were used to enforce control , much of it was exercised through existing social institutions , for example , the family and the company , and through official organizations such as the reservists , youth leagues and women 's groups , of which membership , where appropriate , eventually became compulsory .
although external organs such as the police networks were used to enforce control , much of it was exercised through [being] social institutions , for example , the family and the company , and through official organizations such as the reservists , youth leagues and women 's groups , of which membership , where appropriate , eventually became compulsory .

Little over 15 per cent of farmers are now tenants , and fewer than 2 per cent own no land of their own , most tenanted land being rented to supplement existing holdings .
little over 15 per cent of farmers are now tenants , and fewer than 2 per cent own no land of their own , most tenanted land being rented to supplement [being] holdings .

In addition , extensive research is being undertaken to improve existing lines and develop new products .
in addition , extensive research is being undertaken to improve [being] lines and develop new products .

‘ What is the consequence for demand of a 10 pence rise in price if the existing price is 20 pence ? ’
‘ what is the consequence for demand of a 10 pence rise in price if the [being] price is 20 pence ? ’

Traditionally the first and principal line of attack is that existing domestic law is better or , if not better , is at least well known and understood .
traditionally the first and principal line of attack is that [being] domestic law is better or , if not better , is at least well known and understood .

It had been established to report on existing conditions of banking and credit , and to consider feasible steps in respect of the provision of banking and credit facilities for agriculture , industry and trade .
it had been established to report on [being] conditions of banking and credit , and to consider feasible steps in respect of the provision of banking and credit facilities for agriculture , industry and trade .

To a very large extent Chalmers ' codification did not break new ground in the Bills of Exchange Act , 1882 — adopted with notifications in the United States as its Uniform Negotiable Instruments Law — but reproduced existing law .
to a very large extent chalmers ' codification did not break new ground in the bills of exchange act , 1882 — adopted with notifications in the united states as its uniform negotiable instruments law — but reproduced [being] law .

The confusion existing in 1989 is well demonstrated by the provision that the Act applies to : ‘ state enterprises , other economic organs owned by the state , enterprises belonging to corporate bodies , to subsidiary enterprises , to co-operatives , artisans .
the confusion [being] in 1989 is well demonstrated by the provision that the act applies to : ‘ state enterprises , other economic organs owned by the state , enterprises belonging to corporate bodies , to subsidiary enterprises , to co-operatives , artisans .

The third main chapter of the Act which deals with the conversion of existing companies inter se is a natural extension of the Companies Act .
the third main chapter of the act which deals with the conversion of [being] companies inter se is a natural extension of the companies act .

In case of the conversion of a partnership into a Kft , the Act provides that the unanimous decision of the members is required and they remain jointly and severally liable for five years for the existing indebtedness of the partnership .
in case of the conversion of a partnership into a kft , the act provides that the unanimous decision of the members is required and they remain jointly and severally liable for five years for the [being] indebtedness of the partnership .

Mergers between existing companies under the Act are possible between companies of the same type ( partnership with a limited partnership , Kft with Kft , ) , and a Kft may merge with a joint-stock company .
mergers between [being] companies under the act are possible between companies of the same type ( partnership with a limited partnership , kft with kft , ) , and a kft may merge with a joint-stock company .

No existing trading company may acquire an interest exceeding 10 per cent in another security trading company .
no [being] trading company may acquire an interest exceeding 10 per cent in another security trading company .

The Act contains detailed rules regarding the minimum content of a prospectus ( whether it relates to bonds or shares and whether it is issued in connection with a new joint-stock company or an increase of the stock capital of an existing one ) .
the act contains detailed rules regarding the minimum content of a prospectus ( whether it relates to bonds or shares and whether it is issued in connection with a new joint-stock company or an increase of the stock capital of an [being] one ) .

You may have to commit yourself to buying a new home before you have sold your existing one , in which case you may need to take out a bridging loan to tide you over until you sell .
you may have to commit yourself to buying a new home before you have sold your [being] one , in which case you may need to take out a bridging loan to tide you over until you sell .

If the amount outstanding on your credit or store cards seem always to creep up rather than down ; if you put off paying the electricity bills because you have other commitments to meet ; if you are seriously thinking of accepting the offer of a ‘ consolidation ’ loan which is secured on your house to mop up all your existing credit agreements and transform them into a once a month payment , then you could be on or near the danger line .
if the amount outstanding on your credit or store cards seem always to creep up rather than down ; if you put off paying the electricity bills because you have other commitments to meet ; if you are seriously thinking of accepting the offer of a ‘ consolidation ’ loan which is secured on your house to mop up all your [being] credit agreements and transform them into a once a month payment , then you could be on or near the danger line .

This may be the trade-in price of your existing car which means you wo n't have to dip into your savings .
this may be the trade-in price of your [being] car which means you wo n't have to dip into your savings .

So , if you want to change your car before you existing loan has been fully repaid , you can .
so , if you want to change your car before you [being] loan has been fully repaid , you can .

If you want to include any existing Direct Debits or Standing Orders , that 's fine by us .
if you want to include any [being] direct debits or standing orders , that 's fine by us .

If the property you select is leasehold there must be a minimum 99 year term on new premises , and at least 25 years to run beyond the period of the mortgage on existing premises .
if the property you select is leasehold there must be a minimum 99 year term on new premises , and at least 25 years to run beyond the period of the mortgage on [being] premises .

And , do n't worry about running out of cheques , we will send you a new book automatically before your existing one is finished .
and , do n't worry about running out of cheques , we will send you a new book automatically before your [being] one is finished .

However , if you feel that the benefits of the Midland Personal Accident Plan are more suited to your needs , you may take advantage of this offer and cancel your existing Policy .
however , if you feel that the benefits of the midland personal accident plan are more suited to your needs , you may take advantage of this offer and cancel your [being] policy .

In criticizing scientific novelty , existing theories are usually available as a resource .
in criticizing scientific novelty , [being] theories are usually available as a resource .

On the victim in court project , for instance , officials from the Lord Chancellor 's Department have worked closely with Victim Support , one of the existing ‘ clients ’ of the Home Office .
on the victim in court project , for instance , officials from the lord chancellor 's department have worked closely with victim support , one of the [being] ‘ clients ’ of the home office .

It was symptomatic that when the judges were excluded from membership of the area consultative committees in the formative stages by a ruling by Lane , that it was the Circuit or courts administrators from the Lord Chancellor 's Department who were identified as being best placed to act as chairmen , rather than Home Office officials who were unable to draw on any existing regional organization .
it was symptomatic that when the judges were excluded from membership of the area consultative committees in the formative stages by a ruling by lane , that it was the circuit or courts administrators from the lord chancellor 's department who were identified as being best placed to act as chairmen , rather than home office officials who were unable to draw on any [being] regional organization .

In April 1992 , the month in which responsibility for the financing , organization and management of the Magistrates ' courts passed to the Lord Chancellor 's Department , machinery of government changes made in the aftermath of the General Election transferred five existing Home Office functions to other departments .
in april 1992 , the month in which responsibility for the financing , organization and management of the magistrates ' courts passed to the lord chancellor 's department , machinery of government changes made in the aftermath of the general election transferred five [being] home office functions to other departments .

We shall now have to consider what is the best approach to the subject in the light of existing circumstances .
we shall now have to consider what is the best approach to the subject in the light of [being] circumstances .

We need periodically to consider whether existing methods are the best that can be devised for dealing with crime in the context of society as it is at a given time .
we need periodically to consider whether [being] methods are the best that can be devised for dealing with crime in the context of society as it is at a given time .

The White Paper called for a fundamental re-examination of penal methods ‘ based on studies of the causes of crime , or rather of the factors which foster or inhibit crime ’ , supported by reliable assessments of the results achieved by existing methods .
the white paper called for a fundamental re-examination of penal methods ‘ based on studies of the causes of crime , or rather of the factors which foster or inhibit crime ’ , supported by reliable assessments of the results achieved by [being] methods .

The first was that the large majority of intentional killings within the family , or other existing personal relationships , were excluded from the death penalty , leading Professor Glanville Williams to remark :
the first was that the large majority of intentional killings within the family , or other [being] personal relationships , were excluded from the death penalty , leading professor glanville williams to remark :

The Home Office had , of course , many existing sources of advice … But there had been no overall review in recent times of the problem of crime and criminals by an independent and authoritative body .
the home office had , of course , many [being] sources of advice … but there had been no overall review in recent times of the problem of crime and criminals by an independent and authoritative body .

After bluntly pointing out the shortcomings of the existing system , the Royal Commission recommended a restructuring in which the criminal and civil work of the High Court would be separated .
after bluntly pointing out the shortcomings of the [being] system , the royal commission recommended a restructuring in which the criminal and civil work of the high court would be separated .

Parliamentary support began to coalesce , deriving mainly from the analogy which was seen between compensation for criminal injuries and the existing welfare provision for people who had sustained injuries in the course of their work .
parliamentary support began to coalesce , deriving mainly from the analogy which was seen between compensation for criminal injuries and the [being] welfare provision for people who had sustained injuries in the course of their work .

Improvements at existing establishments have also been curtailed and will be necessarily confined in the years ahead to the renewal of essential services and repairs to enable establishments to continue in full operation .
improvements at [being] establishments have also been curtailed and will be necessarily confined in the years ahead to the renewal of essential services and repairs to enable establishments to continue in full operation .

All of the existing types of offence were reduced to three categories , classified by the method of trial .
all of the [being] types of offence were reduced to three categories , classified by the method of trial .

According to Dirk Bauer , Chairman of the new co-operative , ‘ British Organic Milk Producers has been formed to keep organic dairy farmers informed and to form a stronger hand to open new , or widen existing markets ’ .
according to dirk bauer , chairman of the new co-operative , ‘ british organic milk producers has been formed to keep organic dairy farmers informed and to form a stronger hand to open new , or widen [being] markets ’ .

The two researchers do not recommend introducing pigs into existing woodland , but favour planting new areas specifically for a sylvopastoral system with pigs or planting trees on an outdoor range that is already in use .
the two researchers do not recommend introducing pigs into [being] woodland , but favour planting new areas specifically for a sylvopastoral system with pigs or planting trees on an outdoor range that is already in use .

There are farmers who with the existing lack of any political support are looking at different avenues to improve their profits or even make a profit .
there are farmers who with the [being] lack of any political support are looking at different avenues to improve their profits or even make a profit .

Technological change is one of the most potent forces for upsetting existing industry structures .
technological change is one of the most potent forces for upsetting [being] industry structures .

competition from the new commodity , the new technology , the new source of supply , the new type of organization … competition which commands a decisive cost or quality advantage and which strikes not at the margins of the profits and the outputs of the existing firms ( and possibly even entire national economies ) but it their foundations and their very lives .
competition from the new commodity , the new technology , the new source of supply , the new type of organization … competition which commands a decisive cost or quality advantage and which strikes not at the margins of the profits and the outputs of the [being] firms ( and possibly even entire national economies ) but it their foundations and their very lives .

Johnson ( 1975b ) picked up this theme : ‘ Innovative capacity should be viewed as a basic source of difference in comparative advantage , and technological change as a chronic disturber of existing patterns of comparative advantage ’ .
johnson ( 1975b ) picked up this theme : ‘ innovative capacity should be viewed as a basic source of difference in comparative advantage , and technological change as a chronic disturber of [being] patterns of comparative advantage ’ .

Even Vernon 's model has fallen foul of the continuing disturbance to existing patterns , as he himself acknowledged ( 1979 ) .
even vernon 's model has fallen foul of the continuing disturbance to [being] patterns , as he himself acknowledged ( 1979 ) .

In the petrochemicals industry , the advent of non-traditional exporters — Saudi Arabia , Brazil , Canada — has done little to disturb existing structures .
in the petrochemicals industry , the advent of non-traditional exporters — saudi arabia , brazil , canada — has done little to disturb [being] structures .

The price of such dependency is that local suppliers are vulnerable when each new generation of technology arrives to upset existing patterns of supply .
the price of such dependency is that local suppliers are vulnerable when each new generation of technology arrives to upset [being] patterns of supply .

National resources , combined with policy choice , affect both the appropriateness of various forms of firm strategy and the nation 's attractiveness to existing and potential investors .
national resources , combined with policy choice , affect both the appropriateness of various forms of firm strategy and the nation 's attractiveness to [being] and potential investors .

Training would be done jointly , and existing patterns of primary service contact would be maintained .
training would be done jointly , and [being] patterns of primary service contact would be maintained .

It is because of the lack of community care resources and professionals who do n't understand the scope of their powers under the existing law .
it is because of the lack of community care resources and professionals who do n't understand the scope of their powers under the [being] law .

Authorities ranging from North Yorkshire to Dorset have been pressing for funds to convert existing boys ' attendance centres into mixed facilities .
authorities ranging from north yorkshire to dorset have been pressing for funds to convert [being] boys ' attendance centres into mixed facilities .

This is an even more beguiling picture since the forecasted increase in demand will bring the existing plants up to capacity and necessitate the building of a new one , of course on much the same technological base as exists today .
this is an even more beguiling picture since the forecasted increase in demand will bring the [being] plants up to capacity and necessitate the building of a new one , of course on much the same technological base as exists today .

One of the areas where risk can well be minimized is avoiding the temptation of a total step out from your existing field of business .
one of the areas where risk can well be minimized is avoiding the temptation of a total step out from your [being] field of business .

In the past , many of these businesses have arisen almost ‘ naturally ’ as contiguous to our existing areas of skills .
in the past , many of these businesses have arisen almost ‘ naturally ’ as contiguous to our [being] areas of skills .

Although existing mainly in the form of essays , Michael Oakeshott 's work nevertheless constitutes a systematic theory of human conduct and politics .
although [being] mainly in the form of essays , michael oakeshott 's work nevertheless constitutes a systematic theory of human conduct and politics .

The activity ‘ springs neither from instant desires , nor from general principles , but from the existing behaviours themselves ’ .
the activity ‘ springs neither from instant desires , nor from general principles , but from the [being] behaviours themselves ’ .

The essence of this conception is the ‘ passionate affirmation of the value of existing institutions ’ .
the essence of this conception is the ‘ passionate affirmation of the value of [being] institutions ’ .

This conception of the individual as autonomous and as existing prior to , and separate from , society is a common characteristic of liberal theories .
this conception of the individual as autonomous and as [being] prior to , and separate from , society is a common characteristic of liberal theories .

Further , rights are rooted in society ; contrary to the beliefs of classical liberalism , the idea of rights existing prior to , or apart from , society was regarded as nonsensical .
further , rights are rooted in society ; contrary to the beliefs of classical liberalism , the idea of rights [being] prior to , or apart from , society was regarded as nonsensical .

In passages which resonate with the spirit of Bagehot , ‘ a man of genius ’ , Dicey argues that the ‘ rule of a party can not be permanently identified with the authority of the nation or with the dictates of patriotism ’ and that ‘ while popular government may be under wise leadership a good machine for simply destroying existing evils , it may turn out a very poor instrument for the construction of new institutions or the realisation of new ideals ’ The limitations in practice of his belief in ‘ democracy tempered by snobbishness ’ are finally conceded :
in passages which resonate with the spirit of bagehot , ‘ a man of genius ’ , dicey argues that the ‘ rule of a party can not be permanently identified with the authority of the nation or with the dictates of patriotism ’ and that ‘ while popular government may be under wise leadership a good machine for simply destroying [being] evils , it may turn out a very poor instrument for the construction of new institutions or the realisation of new ideals ’ the limitations in practice of his belief in ‘ democracy tempered by snobbishness ’ are finally conceded :

Today the marketing executive has the responsibility for co-ordinating all aspects of a product or service : packaging , labelling and presenting the product in a manner likely to improve its saleability , then fully exploiting existing markets , always thinking of new ideas and plans for creating new markets .
today the marketing executive has the responsibility for co-ordinating all aspects of a product or service : packaging , labelling and presenting the product in a manner likely to improve its saleability , then fully exploiting [being] markets , always thinking of new ideas and plans for creating new markets .

Only one practice had employed a person ( part time ) with the title ‘ financial advisor , ’ and this had caused friction with the existing practice manager .
only one practice had employed a person ( part time ) with the title ‘ financial advisor , ’ and this had caused friction with the [being] practice manager .

Constant scientific , technological , political , and social changes generate a stream of new vocabulary and alter the way in which existing words are used .
constant scientific , technological , political , and social changes generate a stream of new vocabulary and alter the way in which [being] words are used .

Ideally an entry which is at present only a cross-reference might be better made into a full entry , while the existing entries might be better turned into cross-references , and so on .
ideally an entry which is at present only a cross-reference might be better made into a full entry , while the [being] entries might be better turned into cross-references , and so on .

Existing Equipment
[being] equipment

An editorial recently went so far as to say that more important than establishing a framework for research and development was doing something about the failure to disseminate and apply existing knowledge .
an editorial recently went so far as to say that more important than establishing a framework for research and development was doing something about the failure to disseminate and apply [being] knowledge .

Instead , additional user procedures may be introduced , existing user procedures may be amended , or data may be altered .
instead , additional user procedures may be introduced , [being] user procedures may be amended , or data may be altered .

Nevertheless , when it came to seeking allies in Congress , Carter 's position was much weakened , first , by the fact that so few members had any reason to be grateful to the president for their election and , second , because he had so conspicuously run against the existing political order which included , of course , Congress .
nevertheless , when it came to seeking allies in congress , carter 's position was much weakened , first , by the fact that so few members had any reason to be grateful to the president for their election and , second , because he had so conspicuously run against the [being] political order which included , of course , congress .

The work of regulatory agencies was also undermined by budget cuts and a concerted unwillingness to enforce existing regulations .
the work of regulatory agencies was also undermined by budget cuts and a concerted unwillingness to enforce [being] regulations .

They held conservative views , some of them very radical in their implications , but they remained realists endeavouring to work within the existing political system .
they held conservative views , some of them very radical in their implications , but they remained realists endeavouring to work within the [being] political system .

Under the existing system , royal governors entrusted with judicial and tax-collecting powers ‘ fed ’ upon the local population , using their very brief tenure of office to line their own pockets .
under the [being] system , royal governors entrusted with judicial and tax-collecting powers ‘ fed ’ upon the local population , using their very brief tenure of office to line their own pockets .

He created the Holy Alliance of Christian monarchs dedicated to peace and upholding the existing order , and in subsequent years urged Great Power intervention against national revolutions in Spain , piedmont , Naples and , with less conviction , Orthodox Greece .
he created the holy alliance of christian monarchs dedicated to peace and upholding the [being] order , and in subsequent years urged great power intervention against national revolutions in spain , piedmont , naples and , with less conviction , orthodox greece .

The idea of establishing elective councils outside the existing administration with responsibilities for some aspects of local government therefore made sense to ministers .
the idea of establishing elective councils outside the [being] administration with responsibilities for some aspects of local government therefore made sense to ministers .

Reacting both against existing conditions in Russia and against the prospect of capitalist development they built upon the specifically Russian socialism adumbrated by the Petrashevtsy and spelled out by Herzen .
reacting both against [being] conditions in russia and against the prospect of capitalist development they built upon the specifically russian socialism adumbrated by the petrashevtsy and spelled out by herzen .

is also concerned with the status of existing academic personnel .
is also concerned with the status of [being] academic personnel .

Here again there is good evidence that reconnection supplies the energy and that interaction of emerging flux with existing coronal magnetic structures is usually involved .
here again there is good evidence that reconnection supplies the energy and that interaction of emerging flux with [being] coronal magnetic structures is usually involved .

Many more organ donors , however , are available than are being assessed through existing organ procurement efforts .
many more organ donors , however , are available than are being assessed through [being] organ procurement efforts .

The two basic strategies for reducing smoking related disease are to support existing smokers in giving up and to dissuade young people from starting .
the two basic strategies for reducing smoking related disease are to support [being] smokers in giving up and to dissuade young people from starting .

This builds on their existing knowledge of local services and the potential for their development .
this builds on their [being] knowledge of local services and the potential for their development .

Both share the tradition of a strong voluntary sector which , in Victoria , has found expression in health charities as determined to apply existing knowledge for prevention as to support the development of the new .
both share the tradition of a strong voluntary sector which , in victoria , has found expression in health charities as determined to apply [being] knowledge for prevention as to support the development of the new .

In Bassetlaw the care manager for mental health is on maternity leave and the existing social work team is having to try out the new procedures .
in bassetlaw the care manager for mental health is on maternity leave and the [being] social work team is having to try out the new procedures .

She wondered , however , whether the philosophy of matching services closely to needs might eventually mean that existing residents who were relatively independent might be thought unsuitable for Mencap 's homes .
she wondered , however , whether the philosophy of matching services closely to needs might eventually mean that [being] residents who were relatively independent might be thought unsuitable for mencap 's homes .

Elsewhere in the north strong rulers , the kings , the counts of Flanders and Anjou , increased standardization by modifying customs when they confirmed them , or by persuading new communities to accept wholesale already existing customs .
elsewhere in the north strong rulers , the kings , the counts of flanders and anjou , increased standardization by modifying customs when they confirmed them , or by persuading new communities to accept wholesale already [being] customs .

Later astronomers made extensive alterations , and added new groups made up of stars stolen from the existing 48 .
later astronomers made extensive alterations , and added new groups made up of stars stolen from the [being] 48 .

The debate about social welfare is but one example of the way even the multi-dimensional negotiation is organized around the general commitment to preserving Japan 's existing social priorities .
the debate about social welfare is but one example of the way even the multi-dimensional negotiation is organized around the general commitment to preserving japan 's [being] social priorities .

Until the mid-1970s , additional equity finance was obtained through rights issues to existing stockholders at par rather than market share values making this a less attractive option for corporate borrowers .
until the mid-1970s , additional equity finance was obtained through rights issues to [being] stockholders at par rather than market share values making this a less attractive option for corporate borrowers .

Adjusting the output of existing products and rapidly expanding the share of new ones , requires flexibility in the labour market and it is here that the Japanese have even bigger advantages .
adjusting the output of [being] products and rapidly expanding the share of new ones , requires flexibility in the labour market and it is here that the japanese have even bigger advantages .

Lexicographers will create new entries , discard others , and create new versions of existing entries .
lexicographers will create new entries , discard others , and create new versions of [being] entries .

New versions of existing entries may not be stored in the database unless they have first been obtained for update by a known lexicographer , who is the only lexicographer allowed to return it .
new versions of [being] entries may not be stored in the database unless they have first been obtained for update by a known lexicographer , who is the only lexicographer allowed to return it .

Such requests could be met by providing new processes rather than by changing existing routines .
such requests could be met by providing new processes rather than by changing [being] routines .

The physical limitations of the processor and memory in the existing configuration are reflected quantitatively in the performance of the system .
the physical limitations of the processor and memory in the [being] configuration are reflected quantitatively in the performance of the system .

Art construction in all its forms is simply the choosing of separate or possibly groups of atoms and molecules from diverse existing structures and re-grouping them with mental science .
art construction in all its forms is simply the choosing of separate or possibly groups of atoms and molecules from diverse [being] structures and re-grouping them with mental science .

It is possible to allow the child to move the existing words about the screen by means of a light pen , cursor control or joystick , but requiring him or her to type them in encourages correct spelling and concentration .
it is possible to allow the child to move the [being] words about the screen by means of a light pen , cursor control or joystick , but requiring him or her to type them in encourages correct spelling and concentration .

He reinterpreted Kummer 's concept of ideal number in terms of collections of already existing numbers , called these collections `` ideals `` ( see Sections 3.4 and 3.9 ) , and showed how every ideal could be expressed uniquely as a product of prime ideals ( see Section 3.9 ) .
he reinterpreted kummer 's concept of ideal number in terms of collections of already [being] numbers , called these collections `` ideals `` ( see sections 3.4 and 3.9 ) , and showed how every ideal could be expressed uniquely as a product of prime ideals ( see section 3.9 ) .

There will always be some who are apt to ask whether existing electoral arrangements do conform to the basic principle of popular power ; or whether this principle should not be applied in areas of privilege and power hitherto untouched by it .
there will always be some who are apt to ask whether [being] electoral arrangements do conform to the basic principle of popular power ; or whether this principle should not be applied in areas of privilege and power hitherto untouched by it .

The male working-class vote was , from the start , divided between the existing parties , and when socialist or social democratic parties appeared on the scene they seldom attained the political dominance which the solid support of the workers would have assured for them .
the male working-class vote was , from the start , divided between the [being] parties , and when socialist or social democratic parties appeared on the scene they seldom attained the political dominance which the solid support of the workers would have assured for them .

Instead , the definition of democracy itself has been revised , adapted , narrowed and diluted to render it compatible with the persisting belief in the necessity or the virtue of rule by elites , with an equally persistent mistrust of `` the masses `` and , perhaps most important of all , to render it compatible with the existing political systems of the Western world which call themselves `` democracies `` .
instead , the definition of democracy itself has been revised , adapted , narrowed and diluted to render it compatible with the persisting belief in the necessity or the virtue of rule by elites , with an equally persistent mistrust of `` the masses `` and , perhaps most important of all , to render it compatible with the [being] political systems of the western world which call themselves `` democracies `` .

Their attempts to abandon many of the ideas and ideals of classical democratic theory were immediately challenged by other theorists ; while their celebrations of actually existing democracies founded on lukewarm politics and `` a mainly passive electorate `` were countered by the marked revival of popular activity and radical commitment which was already taking off in the late 1950s when these texts were being written and published .
their attempts to abandon many of the ideas and ideals of classical democratic theory were immediately challenged by other theorists ; while their celebrations of actually [being] democracies founded on lukewarm politics and `` a mainly passive electorate `` were countered by the marked revival of popular activity and radical commitment which was already taking off in the late 1950s when these texts were being written and published .

In some parts of the world , such as South America , existing democracies with traditions of constitutionalism such as Chile and Uruguay have been destroyed and replaced with military-authoritarian regimes of exceptional brutality .
in some parts of the world , such as south america , [being] democracies with traditions of constitutionalism such as chile and uruguay have been destroyed and replaced with military-authoritarian regimes of exceptional brutality .

On the contrary , it is clear that some pressure groups and their campaigns are successful because they are the expressions of existing economic power , because they are lavishly financed , and because they are supported by `` important `` people rather than ordinary people .
on the contrary , it is clear that some pressure groups and their campaigns are successful because they are the expressions of [being] economic power , because they are lavishly financed , and because they are supported by `` important `` people rather than ordinary people .

Our earlier discussion of unanimity and of majority rule was based , at least in part , on the assumption of direct personal participation by each citizen in decision-making ; and although many examples have been used from the practice of existing states which claim to be democracies , we have not as yet considered the principles of representation , or any of the procedures and processes which might bring indirect democracy more closely into line with the original ideal of rule by the people .
our earlier discussion of unanimity and of majority rule was based , at least in part , on the assumption of direct personal participation by each citizen in decision-making ; and although many examples have been used from the practice of [being] states which claim to be democracies , we have not as yet considered the principles of representation , or any of the procedures and processes which might bring indirect democracy more closely into line with the original ideal of rule by the people .

In the above brief description of a gonopod we have , in effect , interpreted the genitalia as appendicular derivatives , with homologies existing between the various components of the male and female organs .
in the above brief description of a gonopod we have , in effect , interpreted the genitalia as appendicular derivatives , with homologies [being] between the various components of the male and female organs .

Graded assessment , referred to as `` Graduated tests `` in the Cockcroft Report , has a number of features associated with it , some or all of which may be found in existing schemes .
graded assessment , referred to as `` graduated tests `` in the cockcroft report , has a number of features associated with it , some or all of which may be found in [being] schemes .

But what has been said so far , that the flipping and the circumstance including it were required for the wipers ' starting to work , is consistent with the cause existing without that effect .
but what has been said so far , that the flipping and the circumstance including it were required for the wipers ' starting to work , is consistent with the cause [being] without that effect .

Stalnaker , 1975 ) Or , to interpret the idea in a way less ontologically extravagant , a way which does not seem to commit us to a plurality of somehow existing worlds , what the conditional means is this : if our actual world were different in that it were raining , and differences overall were in a sense the smallest possible , the balcony would be wet .
stalnaker , 1975 ) or , to interpret the idea in a way less ontologically extravagant , a way which does not seem to commit us to a plurality of somehow [being] worlds , what the conditional means is this : if our actual world were different in that it were raining , and differences overall were in a sense the smallest possible , the balcony would be wet .

It was from a firm understanding that everyone is capable of expressing and communicating ideas , through the arts that Basil quietly but firmly challenged existing views .
it was from a firm understanding that everyone is capable of expressing and communicating ideas , through the arts that basil quietly but firmly challenged [being] views .

Occasionally an existing convention is formalised as , for example , section 4 of the Statute of Westminster 1931 .
occasionally an [being] convention is formalised as , for example , section 4 of the statute of westminster 1931 .

Any willingness on the part of our courts to accord supremacy to community law is thus limited by two factors : ( a ) an unwillingness to hold that Parliament has limited its power to pass legislation conflicting with existing obligations under community law ; ( b ) lack of precedent for challenges to the validity of an Act of Parliament .
any willingness on the part of our courts to accord supremacy to community law is thus limited by two factors : ( a ) an unwillingness to hold that parliament has limited its power to pass legislation conflicting with [being] obligations under community law ; ( b ) lack of precedent for challenges to the validity of an act of parliament .

This could be on the basis of multi-member constituencies and some form of proportional representation or on the existing first past the post system .
this could be on the basis of multi-member constituencies and some form of proportional representation or on the [being] first past the post system .

Section 26 repeals a number of existing statutory provisions which allowed summary arrest .
section 26 repeals a number of [being] statutory provisions which allowed summary arrest .

In addition , it will be useful to examine the idea that pre-literate societies , either in antiquity or those existing in the contemporary world , have more ( or more far-fetched ) mystical ideas about dreaming than our own .
in addition , it will be useful to examine the idea that pre-literate societies , either in antiquity or those [being] in the contemporary world , have more ( or more far-fetched ) mystical ideas about dreaming than our own .

If the requirement for in situ hybridization to chromosomes is to probe for the completely unknown localization of unique sequences in the mouse genome , existing techniques are limited to tissue samples which give a plentiful supply of both slides and mitotic cells .
if the requirement for in situ hybridization to chromosomes is to probe for the completely unknown localization of unique sequences in the mouse genome , [being] techniques are limited to tissue samples which give a plentiful supply of both slides and mitotic cells .

The aspirational look of the existing advertising had begun to be copied — the pack reverently placed on velvet and satin together with an orchid and a string of pearls .
the aspirational look of the [being] advertising had begun to be copied — the pack reverently placed on velvet and satin together with an orchid and a string of pearls .

Your client is a major supplier of household cleaning products , and has produced a really effective and long-lasting anti-static furniture polish which will sell at treble the price of his existing product .
your client is a major supplier of household cleaning products , and has produced a really effective and long-lasting anti-static furniture polish which will sell at treble the price of his [being] product .

So he does n't recognise the effect of things like : dis- in- mis- additions which work by adding on to existing words , thus : disappear misspell inlay .
so he does n't recognise the effect of things like : dis- in- mis- additions which work by adding on to [being] words , thus : disappear misspell inlay .

It is true that the Victoria and Caledonian experiments did not introduce women into an existing office , but neither were they exclusively all-women affairs .
it is true that the victoria and caledonian experiments did not introduce women into an [being] office , but neither were they exclusively all-women affairs .

This was important for relations with the existing women compositors , none of whose own jobs was under threat .
this was important for relations with the [being] women compositors , none of whose own jobs was under threat .

When surgery is planned there is time to correct existing problems and reduce the risk of potential problems .
when surgery is planned there is time to correct [being] problems and reduce the risk of potential problems .

1 the existing dressing is heavily soiled or wet with exudate
1 the [being] dressing is heavily soiled or wet with exudate

The existing tank was in the attic .
the [being] tank was in the attic .

No overall policy for learning resource provision and little coordination of the existing resources
no overall policy for learning resource provision and little coordination of the [being] resources

To this end an Inservice Panel was created with the task of planning and organising appropriate activities and synchronising these with the county 's existing inservice programme .
to this end an inservice panel was created with the task of planning and organising appropriate activities and synchronising these with the county 's [being] inservice programme .

the substitution of new elements for some of the existing elements of the status quo ;
the substitution of new elements for some of the [being] elements of the status quo ;

Statements about infrastructural developments highlighted a number of weaknesses in existing provision , including the poor geographical location of the library building , the problem of split-site provision , the difficulties involved in freeing the library from timetabling for subject lessons , and the poor decoration and furnishing of the rooms themselves .
statements about infrastructural developments highlighted a number of weaknesses in [being] provision , including the poor geographical location of the library building , the problem of split-site provision , the difficulties involved in freeing the library from timetabling for subject lessons , and the poor decoration and furnishing of the rooms themselves .

The head and key staff ( including a senior teacher , then acting deputy head , and a teacher-librarian already in post ) were already in discussion about the obvious inadequacies of the existing stock and premises .
the head and key staff ( including a senior teacher , then acting deputy head , and a teacher-librarian already in post ) were already in discussion about the obvious inadequacies of the [being] stock and premises .

To improve and enhance existing book stocks .
to improve and enhance [being] book stocks .

As already noted , this was not always a smooth process , not least because this newcomer challenged the rather modest conception which the existing committee had already established .
as already noted , this was not always a smooth process , not least because this newcomer challenged the rather modest conception which the [being] committee had already established .

Given the fact that schools selected for a Minor award were being encouraged to develop existing good practice , it is , perhaps , surprising that the formation of a permanent library committee , as in the case of the Major Project , was not made a prerequisite for their participation .
given the fact that schools selected for a minor award were being encouraged to develop [being] good practice , it is , perhaps , surprising that the formation of a permanent library committee , as in the case of the major project , was not made a prerequisite for their participation .

In all four schools , participation in the project had made a range of departments and a number of individual teachers look closely at their existing library resources for the purposes of stock editing and selection .
in all four schools , participation in the project had made a range of departments and a number of individual teachers look closely at their [being] library resources for the purposes of stock editing and selection .

In Sections 4.4 and 4.7 we described the way in which schools set about spending their project grants and the key role played by the DCSLs in advising schools on the `` weeding `` of existing stock , the range of available books and materials , and the mechanics of ordering , cataloguing and shelving their acquisitions .
in sections 4.4 and 4.7 we described the way in which schools set about spending their project grants and the key role played by the dcsls in advising schools on the `` weeding `` of [being] stock , the range of available books and materials , and the mechanics of ordering , cataloguing and shelving their acquisitions .

Rather than adopting a full-blooded process model in which the content of the curriculum might be indistinguishable from the activity of enquiry , schools have tended to see the teaching of a separate study skills course ( albeit sometimes under another name ) , which then facilitates the accessing of content for existing curriculum subjects , as the appropriate path to follow .
rather than adopting a full-blooded process model in which the content of the curriculum might be indistinguishable from the activity of enquiry , schools have tended to see the teaching of a separate study skills course ( albeit sometimes under another name ) , which then facilitates the accessing of content for [being] curriculum subjects , as the appropriate path to follow .

The Essex project was , after all , mounted on an assumption of an existing perspective of the professional teacher whose sense of duty and/or good will made attendance at committee meetings , the lunchtime opening of the library and so on , reasonable expectations .
the essex project was , after all , mounted on an assumption of an [being] perspective of the professional teacher whose sense of duty and/or good will made attendance at committee meetings , the lunchtime opening of the library and so on , reasonable expectations .

The second issue is to do with other existing roles and job specifications .
the second issue is to do with other [being] roles and job specifications .

The degree to which any particular development is exclusively attributable to the project remains a moot point , but in our view this is less important than the degree to which the project complemented and extended existing and coincidental developments , and in this respect the project has been most successful .
the degree to which any particular development is exclusively attributable to the project remains a moot point , but in our view this is less important than the degree to which the project complemented and extended [being] and coincidental developments , and in this respect the project has been most successful .

Within existing Compacts , companies have funded prizes for attendance , computers , conferences and other activities .
within [being] compacts , companies have funded prizes for attendance , computers , conferences and other activities .

Trade Unions have been invited to participate in existing Partnerships developing Compacts , and trade unionists from Compact companies have worked with teachers and students in schools .
trade unions have been invited to participate in [being] partnerships developing compacts , and trade unionists from compact companies have worked with teachers and students in schools .

The Teachers ' unions support the initiative , while recognising their responsibility to ensure that Compacts are of educational value , and that they enhance existing educational provision .
the teachers ' unions support the initiative , while recognising their responsibility to ensure that compacts are of educational value , and that they enhance [being] educational provision .

It is most unlikely that there would be any conflict of interest between existing employees and newly-recruited young people .
it is most unlikely that there would be any conflict of interest between [being] employees and newly-recruited young people .

To expect existing staff to contribute to an extensive public relations exercise without adequate support of staff , training or materials is unrealistic .
to expect [being] staff to contribute to an extensive public relations exercise without adequate support of staff , training or materials is unrealistic .

It is one thing to determine that better use could be made of staff , it is another to change the existing situation .
it is one thing to determine that better use could be made of staff , it is another to change the [being] situation .

Determine how skills can be obtained and take executive action either to recruit or to develop existing staff .
determine how skills can be obtained and take executive action either to recruit or to develop [being] staff .

Whatever the existing shift pattern it will be possible to identify points in the day when the workload is predictably higher ; for example , parts of the morning or evening .
whatever the [being] shift pattern it will be possible to identify points in the day when the workload is predictably higher ; for example , parts of the morning or evening .

The alternative is a reinforcement of existing job segregation and a poor quality of future employment for both women and men .
the alternative is a reinforcement of [being] job segregation and a poor quality of future employment for both women and men .

Since more than half the states at present existing are less than 40 years old , this seriously limits the incidence of the traditional ‘ principle of nationality ’ .
since more than half the states at present [being] are less than 40 years old , this seriously limits the incidence of the traditional ‘ principle of nationality ’ .

Decolonisation meant that , by and large , independent states were created out of existing areas of colonial administration , within their colonial frontiers .
decolonisation meant that , by and large , independent states were created out of [being] areas of colonial administration , within their colonial frontiers .

Herr Winter tells us that it has been a family business ever since it was established by his grandfather , who also took the opportunity to purchase one of the three existing original Nipper paintings .
herr winter tells us that it has been a family business ever since it was established by his grandfather , who also took the opportunity to purchase one of the three [being] original nipper paintings .

It is difficult , given Korngold 's Hollywood output , not to imagine this as a mighty movie score , but it is none the worse for that , and those existing admirers of Korngold 's music should get great pleasure from this .
it is difficult , given korngold 's hollywood output , not to imagine this as a mighty movie score , but it is none the worse for that , and those [being] admirers of korngold 's music should get great pleasure from this .

One of the highlights in the latest batch of Chandos 's midprice Collect series is a triptych which offers excellent Australian performances of the five best numbers from Bliss 's colourful Checkmate ballet , the only existing version of Rubbra 's powerful Fifth Symphony and ( added for this reissue ) Tippett 's Little Music for string orchestra .
one of the highlights in the latest batch of chandos 's midprice collect series is a triptych which offers excellent australian performances of the five best numbers from bliss 's colourful checkmate ballet , the only [being] version of rubbra 's powerful fifth symphony and ( added for this reissue ) tippett 's little music for string orchestra .

Wharfedale have announced two new loudspeakers , the 415 and 425 , which will replace the existing 410 and 420 models .
wharfedale have announced two new loudspeakers , the 415 and 425 , which will replace the [being] 410 and 420 models .

There were also changes in the social and political structure that were not accommodated in existing local government institutions .
there were also changes in the social and political structure that were not accommodated in [being] local government institutions .

The consequent Municipal Corporations Act 1835 , gave the existing boroughs a new constitution based upon an elected council ( Redlich and Hirst 1958 : 116ff ) .
the consequent municipal corporations act 1835 , gave the [being] boroughs a new constitution based upon an elected council ( redlich and hirst 1958 : 116ff ) .

In some cases responsibility was entrusted to the municipal boroughs or the existing county institutions or parishes .
in some cases responsibility was entrusted to the municipal boroughs or the [being] county institutions or parishes .

Even after legislative efforts to remove some of the anomalies , the complexity of the system was apparent in the number of authorities existing at a local level .
even after legislative efforts to remove some of the anomalies , the complexity of the system was apparent in the number of authorities [being] at a local level .

Lipman gives figures for each of the main classes of local government existing in England and Wales in 1870 .
lipman gives figures for each of the main classes of local government [being] in england and wales in 1870 .

The structure of local government existing immediately before the changes in the 1960s and 1970s was , therefore , largely settled by the end of the nineteenth century .
the structure of local government [being] immediately before the changes in the 1960s and 1970s was , therefore , largely settled by the end of the nineteenth century .

The districts existing in the rural areas following 1929 were not as powerful as their English counterparts .
the districts [being] in the rural areas following 1929 were not as powerful as their english counterparts .

There were constant discussions , and some attempts to produce new proposals , but all foundered upon the entrenched conservatism of the existing authorities with respect to their boundaries .
there were constant discussions , and some attempts to produce new proposals , but all foundered upon the entrenched conservatism of the [being] authorities with respect to their boundaries .

The growth of suburbia and the use of the motor car , it was argued , were making the old boundaries irrelevant for planning Purposes and a cause of friction between existing local authorities .
the growth of suburbia and the use of the motor car , it was argued , were making the old boundaries irrelevant for planning purposes and a cause of friction between [being] local authorities .

In addition , many of the authorities were considered too small for existing or possible future purposes .
in addition , many of the authorities were considered too small for [being] or possible future purposes .

first , the existing local authorities argued for the retention of the status quo ; second , some Conservative Members of Parliament sought to retain the existing system as far as possible in such areas as Surrey ; third , groups concerned with some services — particularly education — pointed out weaknesses in the proposals as far as their service was concerned ( Rhodes 1970 : 120 ) .
first , the [being] local authorities argued for the retention of the status quo ; second , some conservative members of parliament sought to retain the [being] system as far as possible in such areas as surrey ; third , groups concerned with some services — particularly education — pointed out weaknesses in the proposals as far as their service was concerned ( rhodes 1970 : 120 ) .

The long-term reasons were the perceived weaknesses of the existing structure of local government in relation to socio-economic geography , size of authorities , and complex division of powers .
the long-term reasons were the perceived weaknesses of the [being] structure of local government in relation to socio-economic geography , size of authorities , and complex division of powers .

The Royal Commission did not believe that the existing local authorities were in a position to meet the challenges they had identified .
the royal commission did not believe that the [being] local authorities were in a position to meet the challenges they had identified .

The inadequacies in the existing structure of local government also meant that central government needed to keep too close a watch on the provision of local services , thus reducing the scope for local decision-making .
the inadequacies in the [being] structure of local government also meant that central government needed to keep too close a watch on the provision of local services , thus reducing the scope for local decision-making .

Third , they should be based wherever possible on existing boundaries in order to maintain continuity and build upon traditional loyalties .
third , they should be based wherever possible on [being] boundaries in order to maintain continuity and build upon traditional loyalties .

The variation in size would have been enormous as the existing parish councils would have been joined by such cities as Sheffield as ‘ local councils ’ .
the variation in size would have been enormous as the [being] parish councils would have been joined by such cities as sheffield as ‘ local councils ’ .

Second , any change in the existing structure might affect the distribution of power between the two rival communities .
second , any change in the [being] structure might affect the distribution of power between the two rival communities .

The proposals for ‘ a simplified , single-tier , strong local government system with a wide range of powers based on twelve to eighteen ‘ area councils ’ ( Arthur 1980:97 ) were strongly opposed by local interests who wished to retain their sectarian control in the existing small local authorities .
the proposals for ‘ a simplified , single-tier , strong local government system with a wide range of powers based on twelve to eighteen ‘ area councils ’ ( arthur 1980:97 ) were strongly opposed by local interests who wished to retain their sectarian control in the [being] small local authorities .

The Macrory review considered the existing proposals for reshaping local government in Northern Ireland but they were not limited to these in making their recommendations .
the macrory review considered the [being] proposals for reshaping local government in northern ireland but they were not limited to these in making their recommendations .

The conflicting demands of efficient service provision , democratic involvement , and local historical or community traditions led to different proposals for dealing with the perceived shortcomings of the existing local government system .
the conflicting demands of efficient service provision , democratic involvement , and local historical or community traditions led to different proposals for dealing with the perceived shortcomings of the [being] local government system .

In his careful assessment of this process , Wood shows how the existing authorities kept up their Pressure for local interests — essentially for as much of the existing structure as they could maintain intact — until the last possible moment for amendments ( Wood 1976 : Ch .
in his careful assessment of this process , wood shows how the [being] authorities kept up their pressure for local interests — essentially for as much of the [being] structure as they could maintain intact — until the last possible moment for amendments ( wood 1976 : ch .

Labour favoured a unitary system based on the experience of the county boroughs while the Conservatives preferred a two-tier structure based on the existing counties .
labour favoured a unitary system based on the experience of the county boroughs while the conservatives preferred a two-tier structure based on the [being] counties .

In legal terms local government in England outside London is divided into areas known as counties and districts with parishes existing in certain circumstances .
in legal terms local government in england outside london is divided into areas known as counties and districts with parishes [being] in certain circumstances .

In part this reflected the usual vested interests of existing local authorities , but there were also the special difficulties caused by an uneven distribution of population .
in part this reflected the usual vested interests of [being] local authorities , but there were also the special difficulties caused by an uneven distribution of population .

They identified the internal management of local authorities as an important factor in attracting arid retaining councillors and officers of sufficient calibre and went on to be very critical of the existing system .
they identified the internal management of local authorities as an important factor in attracting arid retaining councillors and officers of sufficient calibre and went on to be very critical of the [being] system .

These changes provide an opportunity for the ‘ mode of thought ’ of the rational model to act ‘ as a countervailing force to the well-documented tendencies within organisations and departments to perpetuate existing policies and resist innovation and change ’ ( Leach 1982:7 ) .
these changes provide an opportunity for the ‘ mode of thought ’ of the rational model to act ‘ as a countervailing force to the well-documented tendencies within organisations and departments to perpetuate [being] policies and resist innovation and change ’ ( leach 1982:7 ) .

Second , an increase in demand will sometimes occur as a consequence of maintaining existing standards as other circumstances change .
second , an increase in demand will sometimes occur as a consequence of maintaining [being] standards as other circumstances change .

The Widdicombe Committee proposed a simplification of the existing system by the replacement of the attendance allowance and financial loss allowance with a basic flat rate allowance paid as an annual sum .
the widdicombe committee proposed a simplification of the [being] system by the replacement of the attendance allowance and financial loss allowance with a basic flat rate allowance paid as an annual sum .

It would also be expensive if realistic salaries were paid and the existing number of councillors retained .
it would also be expensive if realistic salaries were paid and the [being] number of councillors retained .

Demolishing the massive existing bakery would cost a further £1m and the site costs would be inordinate because of the underlying swamp lands caused by previous uses .
demolishing the massive [being] bakery would cost a further £1m and the site costs would be inordinate because of the underlying swamp lands caused by previous uses .

Not , of course , that any of the existing competition can measure up to my prowess in matters fornicatory .
not , of course , that any of the [being] competition can measure up to my prowess in matters fornicatory .

Indeed , if the existing track record is anything to go by , aid is probably detrimental .
indeed , if the [being] track record is anything to go by , aid is probably detrimental .

Individual people may come and go , but society carries on continuously — because it can shape the incoming individuals to fit the existing state of affairs .
individual people may come and go , but society carries on continuously — because it can shape the incoming individuals to fit the [being] state of affairs .

In addition , we should consider whether there might be a link between the dominant ideas transmitted through socialisation and those people who benefit from the existing distribution of power and reward .
in addition , we should consider whether there might be a link between the dominant ideas transmitted through socialisation and those people who benefit from the [being] distribution of power and reward .

This strategy is simply to defend existing institutions and social relations as naturally right and inevitable .
this strategy is simply to defend [being] institutions and social relations as naturally right and inevitable .

Much more pressing considerations may produce a sullen acceptance of the existing social order which entails no strong commitment to the status quo .
much more pressing considerations may produce a sullen acceptance of the [being] social order which entails no strong commitment to the status quo .

According to Marx , revolutions can only occur on the basis of appropriate material conditions , where economic development is being held hack by the existing social relations .
according to marx , revolutions can only occur on the basis of appropriate material conditions , where economic development is being held hack by the [being] social relations .

For example , the ‘ enclosures ’ concentrated land and allowed new techniques , but only through completely disrupting the social relations existing in the countryside .
for example , the ‘ enclosures ’ concentrated land and allowed new techniques , but only through completely disrupting the social relations [being] in the countryside .

Every effort is being made to persuade the Government to alter the present anomalous regulations and , in company with other charities , the Institution still fears that it could lose its existing zero-rating status after European harmonisation in 1992 .
every effort is being made to persuade the government to alter the present anomalous regulations and , in company with other charities , the institution still fears that it could lose its [being] zero-rating status after european harmonisation in 1992 .

In the fund raising and marketing department we will endeavour to strike the right balance between having the most cost- effective membership scheme and safeguarding the needs of our existing members .
in the fund raising and marketing department we will endeavour to strike the right balance between having the most cost- effective membership scheme and safeguarding the needs of our [being] members .

Right : Vi-Spring will custom-make any of its bed bases to fit existing bedsteads , adding blocks underneath so that the divan fits snugly and securely on to the frame .
right : vi-spring will custom-make any of its bed bases to fit [being] bedsteads , adding blocks underneath so that the divan fits snugly and securely on to the frame .

The company will also fill your existing baskets and containers with flowers of your choice .
the company will also fill your [being] baskets and containers with flowers of your choice .

Manufacturing industries , too , were finding existing sites , many dating from the end of the last century or even the 1930s , becoming cramped .
manufacturing industries , too , were finding [being] sites , many dating from the end of the last century or even the 1930s , becoming cramped .

The class , it will be noticed , was regulated by the traditional order and discipline existing before the ‘ permissive ’ deluge .
the class , it will be noticed , was regulated by the traditional order and discipline [being] before the ‘ permissive ’ deluge .

’ Even so , as Arnold Freeman argued in Boy Life and Labour ( 1914 ) if it were not for the admittedly frail system of compulsory schooling , ‘ we should be manufacturing a race of hooligans who would make our existing civilisation an impossibility ’ .
’ even so , as arnold freeman argued in boy life and labour ( 1914 ) if it were not for the admittedly frail system of compulsory schooling , ‘ we should be manufacturing a race of hooligans who would make our [being] civilisation an impossibility ’ .

The task , then , was to supplement the existing system of elementary education and an extraordinary range of schemes were proposed ( although not necessarily implemented ) for gymnasia and football pitches , Continuation Schools and night classes , schemes of physical training and drill , fresh air funds and camping holidays , and all manner of initiatives within the boy 's club movement from Bible classes to boxing clubs .
the task , then , was to supplement the [being] system of elementary education and an extraordinary range of schemes were proposed ( although not necessarily implemented ) for gymnasia and football pitches , continuation schools and night classes , schemes of physical training and drill , fresh air funds and camping holidays , and all manner of initiatives within the boy 's club movement from bible classes to boxing clubs .

And when we begin to gain , if only the merest glimpse of the deeply ingrained brutalities and prejudices embodied in what was judged to be ‘ right ’ , then we can see more clearly that the Garotter 's Act was not so much a moment of panic which led respectable England off its true course , but a mature expression of the existing social relations — including the self-assumption of the mighty , and their attitudes and actions towards the lower orders and the plebs .
and when we begin to gain , if only the merest glimpse of the deeply ingrained brutalities and prejudices embodied in what was judged to be ‘ right ’ , then we can see more clearly that the garotter 's act was not so much a moment of panic which led respectable england off its true course , but a mature expression of the [being] social relations — including the self-assumption of the mighty , and their attitudes and actions towards the lower orders and the plebs .

What was worse , England and France supported opposing sides on this issue , so that the Schism , one of the most important factors dividing western Christianity in the years 1378–1417 , also accentuated the existing political divisions between the two countries .
what was worse , england and france supported opposing sides on this issue , so that the schism , one of the most important factors dividing western christianity in the years 1378–1417 , also accentuated the [being] political divisions between the two countries .

It has been in the initial stage in which wishing prevails over thinking , generalisation over observation , and in which little attempt is made at a critical analysis of existing facts or available means .
it has been in the initial stage in which wishing prevails over thinking , generalisation over observation , and in which little attempt is made at a critical analysis of [being] facts or available means .

This is a common pattern , says Matthew , triggered more by mounting anxiety than by deep-seated dissatisfaction with the existing specialist .
this is a common pattern , says matthew , triggered more by mounting anxiety than by deep-seated dissatisfaction with the [being] specialist .

As a result , Jesus is no longer a shadowy figure existing in the simplistic , fairy-tale world of the Gospels .
as a result , jesus is no longer a shadowy figure [being] in the simplistic , fairy-tale world of the gospels .

This not only brought it into harmony with the existing regime , but also enabled it to further dissociate itself from its Judaic origins .
this not only brought it into harmony with the [being] regime , but also enabled it to further dissociate itself from its judaic origins .

The starting points for the revision of the existing Conventions of 1905 and 1954 were a dissatisfaction with the indirect consular channel , as being inappropriate in current conditions , and a concern that the non-obligatory nature of the channels provided for in the existing text enabled some countries to make use of the system of notification au parquet to which increasing exception was taken .
the starting points for the revision of the [being] conventions of 1905 and 1954 were a dissatisfaction with the indirect consular channel , as being inappropriate in current conditions , and a concern that the non-obligatory nature of the channels provided for in the [being] text enabled some countries to make use of the system of notification au parquet to which increasing exception was taken .

Each Contracting State must designate such a Central Authority to receive requests for service coming from other Contracting States ; the expectation , borne out in practice , was that this would involve not the creation of some new agency but the designation as Central Authority for the purposes of this Convention of some existing office or ministry .
each contracting state must designate such a central authority to receive requests for service coming from other contracting states ; the expectation , borne out in practice , was that this would involve not the creation of some new agency but the designation as central authority for the purposes of this convention of some [being] office or ministry .

Just over fifty years later a second Montevideo Congress produced a revised Convention , that on International Procedural Law of 19 March 1940 , To the existing text of what became Article 11 were added two further sentences , one requiring that letters rogatory be translated into the language of the state of destination and the other dispensing with the requirement of legalisation provided transmission was through the diplomatic ( or , in their absence , consular ) agents of the state of origin .
just over fifty years later a second montevideo congress produced a revised convention , that on international procedural law of 19 march 1940 , to the [being] text of what became article 11 were added two further sentences , one requiring that letters rogatory be translated into the language of the state of destination and the other dispensing with the requirement of legalisation provided transmission was through the diplomatic ( or , in their absence , consular ) agents of the state of origin .

Article 15 preserves the liberty of States Parties to apply existing or future bilateral or multilateral agreements as to letters rogatory , including of course the earlier Latin American instruments .
article 15 preserves the liberty of states parties to apply [being] or future bilateral or multilateral agreements as to letters rogatory , including of course the earlier latin american instruments .

The Committee 's Secretariat reviewed the existing models , particularly the Hague and Inter-American instruments and an Agreement relating to Writs and Letters of Request adopted in 1952 by the Council of the League of Arab States , but recommended a ‘ common integrated and comprehensive approach ’ which would cover civil and criminal matters , and both service and the taking of evidence .
the committee 's secretariat reviewed the [being] models , particularly the hague and inter-american instruments and an agreement relating to writs and letters of request adopted in 1952 by the council of the league of arab states , but recommended a ‘ common integrated and comprehensive approach ’ which would cover civil and criminal matters , and both service and the taking of evidence .

However , Article 27 ( a ) permits a State to declare that it will accept transmission of Letters of Request to its judicial authorities by other channels ( no State has done so ) ; Article 28 ( a ) enables two or more Contracting States to make other arrangements inter se ; and Article 32 protects existing bilateral Conventions .
however , article 27 ( a ) permits a state to declare that it will accept transmission of letters of request to its judicial authorities by other channels ( no state has done so ) ; article 28 ( a ) enables two or more contracting states to make other arrangements inter se ; and article 32 protects [being] bilateral conventions .

There was no great difficulty as to privileges existing under the law of the two States principally concerned , but the question of privileges under the law of third States proved much more difficult .
there was no great difficulty as to privileges [being] under the law of the two states principally concerned , but the question of privileges under the law of third states proved much more difficult .

The Bill , which will become law in 1992 , makes the existing legislation on selling cigarettes to the under-16s more effective .
the bill , which will become law in 1992 , makes the [being] legislation on selling cigarettes to the under-16s more effective .

The loop operates in the flat floored area of the lower level from the stage to the front of the tiered seating and is fed from signals from the existing amplification system and , therefore , can only be used in conjunction with that system .
the loop operates in the flat floored area of the lower level from the stage to the front of the tiered seating and is fed from signals from the [being] amplification system and , therefore , can only be used in conjunction with that system .

To supplement the existing system of informal care and prevent its breakdown .
to supplement the [being] system of informal care and prevent its breakdown .

In presenting an inside account of social order on the terraces and in the classroom attention is given to an elaboration of the social structures existing among young fans and trouble-makers and the role positions available to members .
in presenting an inside account of social order on the terraces and in the classroom attention is given to an elaboration of the social structures [being] among young fans and trouble-makers and the role positions available to members .

But a demonstration of orderliness must also involve appeal to an existing social structure which serves to ‘ institutionalize ’ action — that is , to impose a set of constraints on behaviour and , at the same time , to endow action with meaning .
but a demonstration of orderliness must also involve appeal to an [being] social structure which serves to ‘ institutionalize ’ action — that is , to impose a set of constraints on behaviour and , at the same time , to endow action with meaning .

Her parents and sisters were sympathetic but expected her to conform to the existing status quo .
her parents and sisters were sympathetic but expected her to conform to the [being] status quo .

‘ One day you will be allowed out but you will be allowed out as opposed to divorcing , ’ Penny told her , confirming Diana 's existing opinion that she would never become queen .
‘ one day you will be allowed out but you will be allowed out as opposed to divorcing , ’ penny told her , confirming diana 's [being] opinion that she would never become queen .

The structural changes which were at the heart of Big Bang necessitated a radical overhaul of the existing regulatory framework . Indeed , as Goodhart observed :
the structural changes which were at the heart of big bang necessitated a radical overhaul of the [being] regulatory framework . indeed , as goodhart observed :

In pre-Big Bang times there existed a widespread belief that the then existing regulatory framework was not only propping up an inefficient system but that it was also outmoded and fast becoming inadequate for the protection of investors .
in pre-big bang times there existed a widespread belief that the then [being] regulatory framework was not only propping up an inefficient system but that it was also outmoded and fast becoming inadequate for the protection of investors .

It is important therefore to build into the existing legal disincentives a heavy penalty to compensate for the difficulty of detection .
it is important therefore to build into the [being] legal disincentives a heavy penalty to compensate for the difficulty of detection .

In order to maximize the use of existing resources , the enforcement regime must impose heavy sanctions so as to compensate for the relatively low risk of detection and prosecution .
in order to maximize the use of [being] resources , the enforcement regime must impose heavy sanctions so as to compensate for the relatively low risk of detection and prosecution .

Any other regime is not optimal given existing resources .
any other regime is not optimal given [being] resources .

Space and existing features of the old houses have been cleverly used in the transformation work , achieving a result which is remarkably uncluttered and harmonious .
space and [being] features of the old houses have been cleverly used in the transformation work , achieving a result which is remarkably uncluttered and harmonious .

So how could change be achieved in existing medical schools ?
so how could change be achieved in [being] medical schools ?

Shifting funds to primary care under the existing system will create some new opportunities , but only if general practitioners succeed in relating to a new managed system .
shifting funds to primary care under the [being] system will create some new opportunities , but only if general practitioners succeed in relating to a new managed system .

Although new medical schools like McMaster in Canada and Maastricht in the Netherlands have had considerable success ( in terms of staff and student satisfaction ) with courses based on self directed , problem based learning , these models may be dismissed as difficult to implement in an existing course .
although new medical schools like mcmaster in canada and maastricht in the netherlands have had considerable success ( in terms of staff and student satisfaction ) with courses based on self directed , problem based learning , these models may be dismissed as difficult to implement in an [being] course .

The process should start with an audit of existing resources and services within each community , together with an analysis of needs .
the process should start with an audit of [being] resources and services within each community , together with an analysis of needs .

Any development programme for primary care must pursue three objectives simultaneously : to remedy deficits in the existing pattern of primary and community health services , to provide non-standard services for non-standard groups , and to expand the model of primary care .
any development programme for primary care must pursue three objectives simultaneously : to remedy deficits in the [being] pattern of primary and community health services , to provide non-standard services for non-standard groups , and to expand the model of primary care .

Family health services authorities , district health authorities , community health services , and local authorities within the development zone should join forces with local providers to conduct an urgent analysis of existing services in their particular patch , their staffing , and the capital stock available for primary and community health services .
family health services authorities , district health authorities , community health services , and local authorities within the development zone should join forces with local providers to conduct an urgent analysis of [being] services in their particular patch , their staffing , and the capital stock available for primary and community health services .

Existing contractual arrangements are inadequate as a means both of attracting sufficient high calibre practitioners to work in London and of rewarding them for providing an appropriate range of services .
[being] contractual arrangements are inadequate as a means both of attracting sufficient high calibre practitioners to work in london and of rewarding them for providing an appropriate range of services .

Remedy existing deficits
remedy [being] deficits

The business user decides how to describe the acquisition and puts it through the accounts or arranges finance through one of his existing sources of funding .
the business user decides how to describe the acquisition and puts it through the accounts or arranges finance through one of his [being] sources of funding .

Under the heading of political philosophy , feminist philosophers begin by arguing with the tradition , trying to reconcile feminist insights with already existing systems of thought such as liberalism or Marxism , and go on to attempt to define a new perspective in philosophy .
under the heading of political philosophy , feminist philosophers begin by arguing with the tradition , trying to reconcile feminist insights with already [being] systems of thought such as liberalism or marxism , and go on to attempt to define a new perspective in philosophy .

She argues for the view that there is such a thing as a ‘ feminist perspective ’ and criticises feminist theorists ( de Beauvoir , Millett , Firestone and Reed ) who depend too heavily on existing ( male ) theories .
she argues for the view that there is such a thing as a ‘ feminist perspective ’ and criticises feminist theorists ( de beauvoir , millett , firestone and reed ) who depend too heavily on [being] ( male ) theories .

One point which should help us to start here is already familiar from existing discussions of equality .
one point which should help us to start here is already familiar from [being] discussions of equality .

In class warfare , for instance , oppressed people easily find themselves claiming to be just as noble or gentlemanly as their supposed betters , without properly criticising existing ideas of nobility or gentility .
in class warfare , for instance , oppressed people easily find themselves claiming to be just as noble or gentlemanly as their supposed betters , without properly criticising [being] ideas of nobility or gentility .

The French psychoanalyst , Jacques Lacan , argued that Freud himself ( as well as virtually all the psychoanalysts who revised Freud 's theories ) never managed to escape fully from the assumption of an already existing gendered subjectivity which entered into the Oedipal situation .
the french psychoanalyst , jacques lacan , argued that freud himself ( as well as virtually all the psychoanalysts who revised freud 's theories ) never managed to escape fully from the assumption of an already [being] gendered subjectivity which entered into the oedipal situation .

Unscrew the existing plastic rose cover and disconnect the flex
unscrew the [being] plastic rose cover and disconnect the flex

Also remove any existing drip channels , starting strips or side strips
also remove any [being] drip channels , starting strips or side strips

It pays to drill holes in the battens , for the nails which hold the panel to the posts , to avoid splitting . Make sure you avoid existing nail positions
it pays to drill holes in the battens , for the nails which hold the panel to the posts , to avoid splitting . make sure you avoid [being] nail positions

Cut away the existing tiles with a broad-bladed steel chisel ( bolster ) and club hammer . Protect your eyes with safety specs
cut away the [being] tiles with a broad-bladed steel chisel ( bolster ) and club hammer . protect your eyes with safety specs

Ensure the existing mortar bed is smooth , then apply a dry mix of new mortar . Pva adhesive added to the mixing water will ensure a good bond
ensure the [being] mortar bed is smooth , then apply a dry mix of new mortar . pva adhesive added to the mixing water will ensure a good bond

The existing drive was covered with uneven paving slabs and areas of concrete . This could not be used as a base for blocks
the [being] drive was covered with uneven paving slabs and areas of concrete . this could not be used as a base for blocks

The simplest method is to use extension sockets plugged into an existing socket — adequate for powering several low-voltage appliances such as hi-fi and home computers , but not suitable for powerful ones such as kettles and heaters , because there is still the risk of overloading the original socket .
the simplest method is to use extension sockets plugged into an [being] socket — adequate for powering several low-voltage appliances such as hi-fi and home computers , but not suitable for powerful ones such as kettles and heaters , because there is still the risk of overloading the original socket .

Next in line comes converting existing single sockets into double or triple ones , without having to extend the wiring .
next in line comes converting [being] single sockets into double or triple ones , without having to extend the wiring .

The third option involves adding sockets to existing circuits — the best bet for most socket-starved households .
the third option involves adding sockets to [being] circuits — the best bet for most socket-starved households .

Before you start , check how your existing sockets are mounted , and work out how you 'll fit the new one .
before you start , check how your [being] sockets are mounted , and work out how you 'll fit the new one .

Adding extra sockets to the existing circuits involves running spur cables from the circuit to the new socket positions .
adding extra sockets to the [being] circuits involves running spur cables from the circuit to the new socket positions .

The spur cable can be connected at an existing socket outlet , or directly to the circuit cable using a 30amp junction box .
the spur cable can be connected at an [being] socket outlet , or directly to the circuit cable using a 30amp junction box .

Second , if you are running your spur cable from an existing socket , you have to make sure that it is on the main circuit and is not itself a spur .
second , if you are running your spur cable from an [being] socket , you have to make sure that it is on the main circuit and is not itself a spur .

Option 1 is to connect the supply cable as a spur to an existing loop-in ceiling rose or junction box .
option 1 is to connect the supply cable as a spur to an [being] loop-in ceiling rose or junction box .

In each case the new wall light will be controlled by the existing switch connected to the rose or junction box you select , unless it has an integral push-button or pull-cord switch .
in each case the new wall light will be controlled by the [being] switch connected to the rose or junction box you select , unless it has an integral push-button or pull-cord switch .

Option 2 is to do away with an existing ceiling-mounted light , and to use its power supply for your new wall lights .
option 2 is to do away with an [being] ceiling-mounted light , and to use its power supply for your new wall lights .

Disconnect the existing light 's supply cables and remove it .
disconnect the [being] light 's supply cables and remove it .

Use all four terminals where two or more cables are present , to maintain the existing circuit and switch connections , and just three if there is only one cable .
use all four terminals where two or more cables are present , to maintain the [being] circuit and switch connections , and just three if there is only one cable .

Then run a spur cable as in option 1 , taking it on from the box to the new wall light ( s ) , which will be controlled by the same switch as the existing light .
then run a spur cable as in option 1 , taking it on from the box to the new wall light ( s ) , which will be controlled by the same switch as the [being] light .

Option 3 involves making a brand new connection to an existing lighting circuit at a convenient point , using a four-terminal junction box .
option 3 involves making a brand new connection to an [being] lighting circuit at a convenient point , using a four-terminal junction box .

With the new fitting connected up and mounted , run the rest of the wiring along your selected route to the point at which it will be connected to an existing circuit , then turn off the power and make the final connections .
with the new fitting connected up and mounted , run the rest of the wiring along your selected route to the point at which it will be connected to an [being] circuit , then turn off the power and make the final connections .

Option 1 : Link into an existing ceiling rose or junction box when wiring a wall light .
option 1 : link into an [being] ceiling rose or junction box when wiring a wall light .

Option 2 : Dispense with a ceiling mounted light by reconnecting the existing light 's supply cable to a junction box …
option 2 : dispense with a ceiling mounted light by reconnecting the [being] light 's supply cable to a junction box …

My wife asked me to dismantle an island breakfast bar , and retain the units so we could incorporate them into the existing kitchen later .
my wife asked me to dismantle an island breakfast bar , and retain the units so we could incorporate them into the [being] kitchen later .

We did of course have problems : the concrete for the foundations arrived an hour early , and caught us frantically putting in the underslab insulation ; the existing house was about three inches out of square ; and the bricks we wanted were out of production .
we did of course have problems : the concrete for the foundations arrived an hour early , and caught us frantically putting in the underslab insulation ; the [being] house was about three inches out of square ; and the bricks we wanted were out of production .

If the second pane of glass is thicker ( and heavier ) than the existing one , so much the better .
if the second pane of glass is thicker ( and heavier ) than the [being] one , so much the better .

The only practical sound-insulating wall is a stud partition with the least possible attachments to the existing structure .
the only practical sound-insulating wall is a stud partition with the least possible attachments to the [being] structure .

There are other methods of dealing with floors , some of which require existing floor boards to be lifted .
there are other methods of dealing with floors , some of which require [being] floor boards to be lifted .

You can lay cold-roll macadam over old concrete , paving or existing macadam to give it a new surface , but it 's difficult to lay over hardcore with an ordinary garden roller — you need to put down two layers and use a hired plate vibrator to get a good result .
you can lay cold-roll macadam over old concrete , paving or [being] macadam to give it a new surface , but it 's difficult to lay over hardcore with an ordinary garden roller — you need to put down two layers and use a hired plate vibrator to get a good result .

You 'll also need a quantity of bitumen emulsion for use as a tack coat over the existing surface .
you 'll also need a quantity of bitumen emulsion for use as a tack coat over the [being] surface .

You will need to turn the water off before disconnecting an existing basin. , either at the mains stopcock or at the valves on the pipes leading from the cold water system .
you will need to turn the water off before disconnecting an [being] basin. , either at the mains stopcock or at the valves on the pipes leading from the cold water system .

Even if you are replacing a basin with another in the same position , it is unlikely that you will be able to use the existing tap connectors .
even if you are replacing a basin with another in the same position , it is unlikely that you will be able to use the [being] tap connectors .

If you want to keep the existing pipes ( perhaps using a tap adaptor ) , use a bath/basin spanner to disconnect them at the top .
if you want to keep the [being] pipes ( perhaps using a tap adaptor ) , use a bath/basin spanner to disconnect them at the top .

In the latter case the exchange rate will depreciate even further due to net capital outflows at the existing rate of exchange .
in the latter case the exchange rate will depreciate even further due to net capital outflows at the [being] rate of exchange .

In case ( a ) , it could be concluded that equilibrium in the balance of payments might only have been accomplished with the existing policies by accepting higher levels of unemployment .
in case ( a ) , it could be concluded that equilibrium in the balance of payments might only have been accomplished with the [being] policies by accepting higher levels of unemployment .

Sanctions meant he could no longer import spares but the value of his existing stock had increased tenfold .
sanctions meant he could no longer import spares but the value of his [being] stock had increased tenfold .

In its annual report of 1938 the Committee stated that ‘ the existing scale of benefits can not be regarded as so fully meeting needs as to make it undesirable to raise them further ’ and continued , ‘ if … the wage system made allowance for dependency , the main objection to further increase in the rates of benefit would be removed ’ ( Quoted in Green , 1938 ) .
in its annual report of 1938 the committee stated that ‘ the [being] scale of benefits can not be regarded as so fully meeting needs as to make it undesirable to raise them further ’ and continued , ‘ if … the wage system made allowance for dependency , the main objection to further increase in the rates of benefit would be removed ’ ( quoted in green , 1938 ) .

As Ellen Wilkinson ( who in the 1920s had been among the first women in the Labour Party to support family allowances ) wrote in 1938 : ‘ what the Amery type want is to feed the existing and potential cannon-fodder with the greatest economy and lack of waste .
as ellen wilkinson ( who in the 1920s had been among the first women in the labour party to support family allowances ) wrote in 1938 : ‘ what the amery type want is to feed the [being] and potential cannon-fodder with the greatest economy and lack of waste .

It was only when the war created new economic and social needs and highlighted existing problems that a universal scheme of family allowances gained sufficient additional support to be accepted and implemented .
it was only when the war created new economic and social needs and highlighted [being] problems that a universal scheme of family allowances gained sufficient additional support to be accepted and implemented .

However , if the husband were forced to pay , this would create havoc in the labour market , and would introduce an employer/employee relationship into marriage , thus exacerbating existing dependencies and ine-qualities of status between husbands and wives .
however , if the husband were forced to pay , this would create havoc in the labour market , and would introduce an employer/employee relationship into marriage , thus exacerbating [being] dependencies and ine-qualities of status between husbands and wives .

One is to depend on supplementary benefit , which will generally include money for the payment of the interest on an existing mortgage .
one is to depend on supplementary benefit , which will generally include money for the payment of the interest on an [being] mortgage .

First we must begin to recognise that a very real division is incorporated into the existing structure of housing between the public and private sectors , where the public sector is increasingly just a residual back-up for single-parent families , minority and ethnic groups .
first we must begin to recognise that a very real division is incorporated into the [being] structure of housing between the public and private sectors , where the public sector is increasingly just a residual back-up for single-parent families , minority and ethnic groups .

There are a number of problems with the above analysis , based , as it is , on Freud 's assumption that there is a basic element of latent mutual hostility existing between people .
there are a number of problems with the above analysis , based , as it is , on freud 's assumption that there is a basic element of latent mutual hostility [being] between people .

To have provided such an advance on existing theories is no mean achievement .
to have provided such an advance on [being] theories is no mean achievement .

It follows a very sensible line which makes good use of the existing paths along Dere Street and the Minchmoor , the drove road from Peebles over the Cauldstane Slap to the Lothian plain , the towpaths of the Union and the Forth-Clyde canals , and the Antonine Wall .
it follows a very sensible line which makes good use of the [being] paths along dere street and the minchmoor , the drove road from peebles over the cauldstane slap to the lothian plain , the towpaths of the union and the forth-clyde canals , and the antonine wall .

and come in sizes which fill the half size gaps between existing Rocks — smart thinking .
and come in sizes which fill the half size gaps between [being] rocks — smart thinking .

So Super Rocks , which come in sizes 1–10 , complement rather than replace existing Rocks .
so super rocks , which come in sizes 1–10 , complement rather than replace [being] rocks .

Membership from now on will be by invitation only as existing places become available through natural wastage .
membership from now on will be by invitation only as [being] places become available through natural wastage .

The move follows the adoption of a tough stance by Chelmsford Borough Council , which says it is obliged to enforce the existing Shops Act .
the move follows the adoption of a tough stance by chelmsford borough council , which says it is obliged to enforce the [being] shops act .

In the words of Home Secretary Kenneth Clarke , ‘ There is no body of opinion that finds the existing law wholly satisfactory .
in the words of home secretary kenneth clarke , ‘ there is no body of opinion that finds the [being] law wholly satisfactory .

Shell argues that rather than introducing new requirements of dubious value , governments should enforce existing regulations to force sub-standard ships out of business .
shell argues that rather than introducing new requirements of dubious value , governments should enforce [being] regulations to force sub-standard ships out of business .

These results are no less erratic than are achieved under our existing first-past-the-post system .
these results are no less erratic than are achieved under our [being] first-past-the-post system .

’ Setting aside land adjacent to or linking existing areas of high quality habitat , 20 metres wide .
’ setting aside land adjacent to or linking [being] areas of high quality habitat , 20 metres wide .

The meadowland scheme : To create new access to the countryside ( not open to land with existing public access ) .
the meadowland scheme : to create new access to the countryside ( not open to land with [being] public access ) .

Existing fitness centres can be intimidating places with not so much as an ounce of unwanted fat on display .
[being] fitness centres can be intimidating places with not so much as an ounce of unwanted fat on display .

The Department of Economic Development produces an annual report giving details of existing licences .
the department of economic development produces an annual report giving details of [being] licences .

Such work may involve research and reference to other existing works but obviously will not be copied .
such work may involve research and reference to other [being] works but obviously will not be copied .

Existing stations have low marginal and avoidable costs , contribute to diversity and security of supply , and help curb acid raid and ‘ greenhouse gas ’ emissions .
[being] stations have low marginal and avoidable costs , contribute to diversity and security of supply , and help curb acid raid and ‘ greenhouse gas ’ emissions .

Having gathered data and established the existing flow of work around the system — the Brown Paper — they proposed solutions around a second flow diagram , this time on white paper .
having gathered data and established the [being] flow of work around the system — the brown paper — they proposed solutions around a second flow diagram , this time on white paper .

Works of the 18th-century Enlightenment have long been collected by the Library to add to the existing collections : this year the purchase of the second edition of Adam Smith 's An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations ( London , 1778 ) enabled the Library to achieve a complete representation of editions of this most important work issued during the lifetime of the author .
works of the 18th-century enlightenment have long been collected by the library to add to the [being] collections : this year the purchase of the second edition of adam smith 's an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations ( london , 1778 ) enabled the library to achieve a complete representation of editions of this most important work issued during the lifetime of the author .

Area Manager for London Paul Stearn explains ; ‘ the reason for the photo session was to show potential and existing clients the extensive nature of Rentokil 's London Pest Control facilities , and the resources that can be called upon to deal with any size of pest problem . ’
area manager for london paul stearn explains ; ‘ the reason for the photo session was to show potential and [being] clients the extensive nature of rentokil 's london pest control facilities , and the resources that can be called upon to deal with any size of pest problem . ’

This of course resulted in an addition to the existing contract !
this of course resulted in an addition to the [being] contract !

The Board intends to continue to respond to this growing language requirement by introducing its existing language awards to new markets around the world .
the board intends to continue to respond to this growing language requirement by introducing its [being] language awards to new markets around the world .

‘ The existing manlifts were all equipped with a straight boom which tended to restrict their deployment to peripheral locations , ’ he said .
‘ the [being] manlifts were all equipped with a straight boom which tended to restrict their deployment to peripheral locations , ’ he said .

‘ We can also widen the scope of our existing training activities by acting as brokers for other courses . ’
‘ we can also widen the scope of our [being] training activities by acting as brokers for other courses . ’

We have therefore decided that colleges may continue to recruit students to all existing courses for session 1989–90 and this information was confirmed in a letter from the Chief Executive to Directors of Education and Principals/Directors of colleges at the end of October .
we have therefore decided that colleges may continue to recruit students to all [being] courses for session 1989–90 and this information was confirmed in a letter from the chief executive to directors of education and principals/directors of colleges at the end of october .

The implication of this three-year transition is that the existing assessment and examination system will be phased out over a number of years , as courses are transferred to the new system .
the implication of this three-year transition is that the [being] assessment and examination system will be phased out over a number of years , as courses are transferred to the new system .

2.3 The implication of this three-year transition is that the existing assessment and examination system will be phased out over a number of years , as courses are transferred to the new system .
2.3 the implication of this three-year transition is that the [being] assessment and examination system will be phased out over a number of years , as courses are transferred to the new system .

‘ Transferred Courses ’ comprise units developed by centres , individually or as consortia , as a means of transferring existing courses into the new format .
‘ transferred courses ’ comprise units developed by centres , individually or as consortia , as a means of transferring [being] courses into the new format .

‘ New Courses ’ comprise combinations of units either developed nationally or locally to create a new course , i.e. one which leads to a qualification which is substantially different from existing provision but which meets a defined local or national need .
‘ new courses ’ comprise combinations of units either developed nationally or locally to create a new course , i.e. one which leads to a qualification which is substantially different from [being] provision but which meets a defined local or national need .

For courses in which all units , or core units , are undergoing national development of unit specifications , it is intended that specified existing courses in these and closely related subjects will be converted to the new format for candidate enrolment in :
for courses in which all units , or core units , are undergoing national development of unit specifications , it is intended that specified [being] courses in these and closely related subjects will be converted to the new format for candidate enrolment in :

Throughout the year , the Group continued to invest in maintaining and enhancing the value of its tree existing core brands ; Wedgwood , Waterford and Johnson Brothers .
throughout the year , the group continued to invest in maintaining and enhancing the value of its tree [being] core brands ; wedgwood , waterford and johnson brothers .

Other properties , open market value for the existing use , for properties not surplus to requirements and open market value for other properties .
other properties , open market value for the [being] use , for properties not surplus to requirements and open market value for other properties .

So the girls set about phoning potential and existing clients and wrapping up the business .
so the girls set about phoning potential and [being] clients and wrapping up the business .

monitor compliance with existing regulations to ensure consistency of application across the Group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .
monitor compliance with [being] regulations to ensure consistency of application across the group and to confirm that compliance is taking place .

This has been achieved by due consideration of the surrounding community whenever new development projects are considered and by planned maintenance of existing plant and machinery .
this has been achieved by due consideration of the surrounding community whenever new development projects are considered and by planned maintenance of [being] plant and machinery .

how existing provision is being used to cater for the demands that 1992 will place on vocational education and training
how [being] provision is being used to cater for the demands that 1992 will place on vocational education and training

Its aim is to introduce a European dimension to existing training programmes in 12 vocational sectors .
its aim is to introduce a european dimension to [being] training programmes in 12 vocational sectors .

Changing the publication date will have an impact on the work of development groups involved in revising existing modules and developing new ones .
changing the publication date will have an impact on the work of development groups involved in revising [being] modules and developing new ones .

Eight existing modules are being revised and two new ones are being developed in video production and role play .
eight [being] modules are being revised and two new ones are being developed in video production and role play .

Two existing modules covering a very broad time-span have now been revised to cover seven shorter historical periods , allowing in-depth investigations by students .
two [being] modules covering a very broad time-span have now been revised to cover seven shorter historical periods , allowing in-depth investigations by students .

It is envisaged that the new integrated SVQs will gradually replace the existing SVQs in health care and in social care .
it is envisaged that the new integrated svqs will gradually replace the [being] svqs in health care and in social care .

Nevertheless , the Care Sector Consortium , the industry lead body for the sector , has emphasised that the existing awards will retain parity of esteem with the new SVQs .
nevertheless , the care sector consortium , the industry lead body for the sector , has emphasised that the [being] awards will retain parity of esteem with the new svqs .

They will be based on existing units devised by centres for HNCs and HNDs in areas like building , quantity surveying , and architectural technology .
they will be based on [being] units devised by centres for hncs and hnds in areas like building , quantity surveying , and architectural technology .

The new qualification will augment existing provision in the area of craft baking and baking technology .
the new qualification will augment [being] provision in the area of craft baking and baking technology .

An existing module in drystone dyking has now been revised to bring it into line with current industrial practices .
an [being] module in drystone dyking has now been revised to bring it into line with current industrial practices .

The Catalogue sub-committee also looks regularly at the Catalogue and decides on areas of work where either new modules need to be developed centrally or existing modules need to be updated to take account of modern developments , changes in standards , work of Lead Industry Bodies etc .
the catalogue sub-committee also looks regularly at the catalogue and decides on areas of work where either new modules need to be developed centrally or [being] modules need to be updated to take account of modern developments , changes in standards , work of lead industry bodies etc .

It is structured to provide information for those who have to ‘ flesh out ’ a module as well as discussing criterion-referenced assessment and choice of assessment instruments in more detail for those who might be thinking of developing their own module or seeking permission to vary the assessment instruments in an existing module .
it is structured to provide information for those who have to ‘ flesh out ’ a module as well as discussing criterion-referenced assessment and choice of assessment instruments in more detail for those who might be thinking of developing their own module or seeking permission to vary the assessment instruments in an [being] module .

Rather than providing separate certificates for each , along the lines of the existing National Certificate , it has been decided to introduce one unit-based certificate which will be used for all units .
rather than providing separate certificates for each , along the lines of the [being] national certificate , it has been decided to introduce one unit-based certificate which will be used for all units .

In a number of cases existing Industry Training Organisations have become the Lead Body for their particular sector .
in a number of cases [being] industry training organisations have become the lead body for their particular sector .

If a centre wishes to package a programme of units/modules into a group award , either a new programme to result in an existing group award title or an entirely new group award title , the proposal will be assessed against criteria which cover :
if a centre wishes to package a programme of units/modules into a group award , either a new programme to result in an [being] group award title or an entirely new group award title , the proposal will be assessed against criteria which cover :

From January 1993 , all new workstations will have to meet the requirements of the directive , whilst existing workstations will have to comply by January 1997 .
from january 1993 , all new workstations will have to meet the requirements of the directive , whilst [being] workstations will have to comply by january 1997 .

The existing requirement to exclude rodents and insects from food premises will be extended to bird pests such as sparrows and pigeons .
the [being] requirement to exclude rodents and insects from food premises will be extended to bird pests such as sparrows and pigeons .

The best way to break the chain is removing the conditions for Legionella to multiply by improving the hygiene in existing systems .
the best way to break the chain is removing the conditions for legionella to multiply by improving the hygiene in [being] systems .

Added to the existing washroom and drains maintenance service , the Water and Ventilation service means that Rentokil can look after water systems in buildings , ‘ from mains to drains ’ .
added to the [being] washroom and drains maintenance service , the water and ventilation service means that rentokil can look after water systems in buildings , ‘ from mains to drains ’ .

In addition to the existing MoT test , from 1st January your vehicle will fail the MoT if :
in addition to the [being] mot test , from 1st january your vehicle will fail the mot if :

Checks of these items — rear registration plate lamps , fog lamps and hazard warning devices — will be similar to the existing checks of lamps .
checks of these items — rear registration plate lamps , fog lamps and hazard warning devices — will be similar to the [being] checks of lamps .

This would suggest that there is an existing Home or All Risks insurance in force .
this would suggest that there is an [being] home or all risks insurance in force .

In giftware , a number of new designs , plus extensions to existing ranges have been introduced and in Jasper a stunning museum piece from the 18 century — the Rum Kettle — has been reproduced in a limited edition of 100 .
in giftware , a number of new designs , plus extensions to [being] ranges have been introduced and in jasper a stunning museum piece from the 18 century — the rum kettle — has been reproduced in a limited edition of 100 .

We are making arrangements to delete it from existing policies .
we are making arrangements to delete it from [being] policies .

Extensive stretches of the walls of his nave have been traced on each side of the existing nave , although we do not yet know if it had an aisle along each flank .
extensive stretches of the walls of his nave have been traced on each side of the [being] nave , although we do not yet know if it had an aisle along each flank .

This change should enable many members to obtain a discount who did not previously qualify whilst the discount for existing alarms is also being increased .
this change should enable many members to obtain a discount who did not previously qualify whilst the discount for [being] alarms is also being increased .

What do they mean when they say there will be no promotions at present ? Is it a holding operation until a swathe of Managers and Assistant Managers , especially those who have served their purpose , are induced into early retirement ? Is it that the overall proportion of Management to staff is too high so the balance is being put right ? Are outsiders being recruited without reference to any existing scale ?
what do they mean when they say there will be no promotions at present ? is it a holding operation until a swathe of managers and assistant managers , especially those who have served their purpose , are induced into early retirement ? is it that the overall proportion of management to staff is too high so the balance is being put right ? are outsiders being recruited without reference to any [being] scale ?

The working groups will look at particular topics , consider the existing legislation and help prepare a discussion document for wider public consultation setting out the various options for reform .
the working groups will look at particular topics , consider the [being] legislation and help prepare a discussion document for wider public consultation setting out the various options for reform .

However , existing publications on France , Spain , Portugal , Germany and Italy continued to sell modestly but steadily and it may be possible to commission further studies in due course .
however , [being] publications on france , spain , portugal , germany and italy continued to sell modestly but steadily and it may be possible to commission further studies in due course .

It was suggested that some existing pensioners , who may not have drawn the sum due to them on leaving the Bank , could now claim the sum due to them and donate it to the Fund .
it was suggested that some [being] pensioners , who may not have drawn the sum due to them on leaving the bank , could now claim the sum due to them and donate it to the fund .

To what extent are teachers aware of the range of existing resource material for health education ?
to what extent are teachers aware of the range of [being] resource material for health education ?

Any existing members who believe they qualify for this new rating category from the 1st May next should contact the Autocover staff at Frank Glennon Limited who will arrange for their premiums to be adjusted from their next renewal date .
any [being] members who believe they qualify for this new rating category from the 1st may next should contact the autocover staff at frank glennon limited who will arrange for their premiums to be adjusted from their next renewal date .

However , to ease the transition , existing Friends renewing their family membership for 1993/94 will be charged a special reduced renewal rate of £26 .
however , to ease the transition , [being] friends renewing their family membership for 1993/94 will be charged a special reduced renewal rate of £26 .

The study was specifically about school boards , but the finding are relevant also to the planning of training in other fields , especially where volunteers with varied knowledge of existing concerns and varied understanding of their responsibilities are involved .
the study was specifically about school boards , but the finding are relevant also to the planning of training in other fields , especially where volunteers with varied knowledge of [being] concerns and varied understanding of their responsibilities are involved .

The existing settlements systems , which involves banks , custodians , registrars , paper share certificates and so on is expensive by international standards .
the [being] settlements systems , which involves banks , custodians , registrars , paper share certificates and so on is expensive by international standards .

But as it turned out the solution was to prove one of the biggest problems of all , mainly because Taurus aimed to accommodate not just the users in the shape of the institutions and individuals which buy and sell shares , but also those with a vested interest in the existing system — the banks who make considerable money from their roles as registrars and custodians .
but as it turned out the solution was to prove one of the biggest problems of all , mainly because taurus aimed to accommodate not just the users in the shape of the institutions and individuals which buy and sell shares , but also those with a vested interest in the [being] system — the banks who make considerable money from their roles as registrars and custodians .

‘ The provisions of existing and newly drafted legal documents will have to be scrutinised for potential exposures .
‘ the provisions of [being] and newly drafted legal documents will have to be scrutinised for potential exposures .

Whereas Provincial can unflinchingly take what will be a brief reversal in its planned , steady reduction of the expense ratio this year as it assimilates the Prudential 's commercial business and the long-term benefits of having a direct sales force for the first time , 190,000 policies to add to its existing 800,000 , and with them premium income of £70m .
whereas provincial can unflinchingly take what will be a brief reversal in its planned , steady reduction of the expense ratio this year as it assimilates the prudential 's commercial business and the long-term benefits of having a direct sales force for the first time , 190,000 policies to add to its [being] 800,000 , and with them premium income of £70m .

It was also made clear that existing tax reliefs on international travel costs made as part of a relocation package will be available in addition to the £8,000 exemption .
it was also made clear that [being] tax reliefs on international travel costs made as part of a relocation package will be available in addition to the £8,000 exemption .

The latest Government proposals will do a lot more than just tinker with the existing liquor licensing laws in England and Wales , although the Scots will be pleased to hear that their licensing system is being used as the model for some of these proposed changes .
the latest government proposals will do a lot more than just tinker with the [being] liquor licensing laws in england and wales , although the scots will be pleased to hear that their licensing system is being used as the model for some of these proposed changes .

Such courses could teach the basics students will need or refresh existing knowledge .
such courses could teach the basics students will need or refresh [being] knowledge .

The subject under scrutiny in the 1990/91 survey was exporting to Japan and in particular the barriers that companies felt they faced in either entering the Japanese market or expanding their level of existing business .
the subject under scrutiny in the 1990/91 survey was exporting to japan and in particular the barriers that companies felt they faced in either entering the japanese market or expanding their level of [being] business .

Whereas in the home market sales and production are likely to be financed from existing working capital , the extended period of credit which is possible in the export trade may necessitate additional forms of finance .
whereas in the home market sales and production are likely to be financed from [being] working capital , the extended period of credit which is possible in the export trade may necessitate additional forms of finance .

This will undoubtedly stretch existing laboratory resources , despite an expansion in the largest of the biology teaching laboratories due for completion before the beginning of session 1992–93 .
this will undoubtedly stretch [being] laboratory resources , despite an expansion in the largest of the biology teaching laboratories due for completion before the beginning of session 1992–93 .

In the course of the year , a number of research groups were established to complement and enhance existing departmental research .
in the course of the year , a number of research groups were established to complement and enhance [being] departmental research .

Under the terms of the deal , Scottish Equitable will transfer its existing business operations and staff into a new proprietary company — Scottish Equitable plc — which will be managed by the same people who manage the existing mutual .
under the terms of the deal , scottish equitable will transfer its [being] business operations and staff into a new proprietary company — scottish equitable plc — which will be managed by the same people who manage the [being] mutual .

Either to close the new business altogether and run off its assets for the benefit of existing policyholders , or to seek new capital in a deal with another company .
either to close the new business altogether and run off its assets for the benefit of [being] policyholders , or to seek new capital in a deal with another company .

As to the loss of 40 per cent of the infrastructure profits of new and existing unitised with-profits , unit linked and non with-profits business , the theory is that a 60 per cent stake in an expanding cake is better than a 100 per cent slice of a stagnant one .
as to the loss of 40 per cent of the infrastructure profits of new and [being] unitised with-profits , unit linked and non with-profits business , the theory is that a 60 per cent stake in an expanding cake is better than a 100 per cent slice of a stagnant one .

In practice , the would mean severely restricting new business growth , so cutting the growth of infrastructure profits to zero except by squeezing existing policyholders .
in practice , the would mean severely restricting new business growth , so cutting the growth of infrastructure profits to zero except by squeezing [being] policyholders .

In other words , run off the business for the benefits of existing policyholders .
in other words , run off the business for the benefits of [being] policyholders .

‘ We basically believe that the deal with Aegon will be more profitable to existing policyholders .
‘ we basically believe that the deal with aegon will be more profitable to [being] policyholders .

But , ethical issues aside , simply parading specialisms before existing , if not new , clients is believed to be a non-starter .
but , ethical issues aside , simply parading specialisms before [being] , if not new , clients is believed to be a non-starter .

As for existing clients , the view is that amid the mountain of junk mail specialised newsletters would be lost , if not be a deterrent .
as for [being] clients , the view is that amid the mountain of junk mail specialised newsletters would be lost , if not be a deterrent .

Yet some firms have gone ahead with their own health check service , aimed at existing clients .
yet some firms have gone ahead with their own health check service , aimed at [being] clients .

For such reasons as workforce morale or diplomacy towards the existing management owners may be unable to put a ‘ for sale ’ sign on the company .
for such reasons as workforce morale or diplomacy towards the [being] management owners may be unable to put a ‘ for sale ’ sign on the company .

So property professionals are now turning their sights towards the existing occupied stocks .
so property professionals are now turning their sights towards the [being] occupied stocks .

Space audit — the assessment of a client 's existing premises to define their long-term space requirements .
space audit — the assessment of a client 's [being] premises to define their long-term space requirements .

It can involve a simple space plan of the existing building to provide a more flexible and efficient layout or alternatively , it can be used as the basis to calculate the required floor area for a new building .
it can involve a simple space plan of the [being] building to provide a more flexible and efficient layout or alternatively , it can be used as the basis to calculate the required floor area for a new building .

For now , existing law and guidance prevails .
for now , [being] law and guidance prevails .

The guidance will bring together for the first time all the relevant existing guidance into one statement and has already been the subject of previous consultation in a green paper .
the guidance will bring together for the first time all the relevant [being] guidance into one statement and has already been the subject of previous consultation in a green paper .

His answers were : ‘ Systematic activity that is directed towards providing knowledge , or adding to the understanding of existing knowledge , which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education ’ , later expressed more succinctly as ‘ systematic activity made public ’ .
his answers were : ‘ systematic activity that is directed towards providing knowledge , or adding to the understanding of [being] knowledge , which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education ’ , later expressed more succinctly as ‘ systematic activity made public ’ .

The project will assess existing courses on information seeking skills organised by the Library and design new methods and materials for future courses .
the project will assess [being] courses on information seeking skills organised by the library and design new methods and materials for future courses .

Some of the many changes include replacing existing lighting with low watt bulbs , using solar energy , introduction of low-flow shower heads , use of salt water in lavatories in some areas , replacement of disposable crockery with china and glassware and paper napkins with linen , promotion of draft rather than bottled beer , a purchasing policy favouring recyclable packaging .
some of the many changes include replacing [being] lighting with low watt bulbs , using solar energy , introduction of low-flow shower heads , use of salt water in lavatories in some areas , replacement of disposable crockery with china and glassware and paper napkins with linen , promotion of draft rather than bottled beer , a purchasing policy favouring recyclable packaging .

Whilst the above may seem obvious , there are many examples over the years of an inappropriate technique being applied with consequent waste of resource . It is easy to fall into the trap of the seductive powers of an existing technique that sounds fun and has had success elsewhere — beware ! !
whilst the above may seem obvious , there are many examples over the years of an inappropriate technique being applied with consequent waste of resource . it is easy to fall into the trap of the seductive powers of an [being] technique that sounds fun and has had success elsewhere — beware ! !

Detachment Gains : benefits from leaving existing jobs
detachment gains : benefits from leaving [being] jobs

Similarly , it has to be owned that film — and programme-making in Scotland , while existing mainly on an axis across the central belt , has its centre of gravity in ‘ that other place ’ in the West .
similarly , it has to be owned that film — and programme-making in scotland , while [being] mainly on an axis across the central belt , has its centre of gravity in ‘ that other place ’ in the west .

The new Scottish Film School opens at Napier next January , to build on existing courses at Napier , the College of Art , Stevenson and Esk Valley .
the new scottish film school opens at napier next january , to build on [being] courses at napier , the college of art , stevenson and esk valley .

The Secretary of State has asked the Employment Service to develop in 1993–94 , for possible use in 1994–5 , a target or targets for relevant elements of the Jobseeker 's charter that are not presently covered by existing Annual Performance Agreement targets .
the secretary of state has asked the employment service to develop in 1993–94 , for possible use in 1994–5 , a target or targets for relevant elements of the jobseeker 's charter that are not presently covered by [being] annual performance agreement targets .

Action should focus on the training needs of all new recruits and continually developing and improving the skills of existing employees .
action should focus on the training needs of all new recruits and continually developing and improving the skills of [being] employees .

The skills of existing employees are developed in line with business objectives .
the skills of [being] employees are developed in line with business objectives .

Roger : The Business Start Up Scheme is an expansion of an existing programme .
roger : the business start up scheme is an expansion of an [being] programme .

His answers were : ‘ Systematic activity that is directed towards providing knowledge , or adding to the understanding of existing knowledge , which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education ’ , which he later expressed more succinctly as ‘ systematic activity made public ’ .
his answers were : ‘ systematic activity that is directed towards providing knowledge , or adding to the understanding of [being] knowledge , which is of relevance for improving the effectiveness of education ’ , which he later expressed more succinctly as ‘ systematic activity made public ’ .

‘ Council notes with grave concern the proposals for dismantling the existing two tier system of local government in Lothian , as contained in the Government 's White Paper ‘ Shaping the Future — The New Councils ’ .
‘ council notes with grave concern the proposals for dismantling the [being] two tier system of local government in lothian , as contained in the government 's white paper ‘ shaping the future — the new councils ’ .

The Council reiterates its previously expressed view that the existing system of local government in Scotland should be retained , that a convincing case for change remains to be made and that the cost , confusion and disruption involved in the proposed reorganisation is not justified .
the council reiterates its previously expressed view that the [being] system of local government in scotland should be retained , that a convincing case for change remains to be made and that the cost , confusion and disruption involved in the proposed reorganisation is not justified .

There would be no buildings or other structures on the breakwater extension which would raise its height significantly above the existing breakwaters and thereby interfere with the radar station .
there would be no buildings or other structures on the breakwater extension which would raise its height significantly above the [being] breakwaters and thereby interfere with the radar station .

If you are a shift worker and , under existing arrangements , you notify your absence before your shift is due to begin , you should continue to do so .
if you are a shift worker and , under [being] arrangements , you notify your absence before your shift is due to begin , you should continue to do so .

the value of Structure Plans ‘ particularly around major cities , that ‘ generally extend beyond existing districts ’ and if authorities are not large enough , ‘ special arrangements ’ will have to be made ;
the value of structure plans ‘ particularly around major cities , that ‘ generally extend beyond [being] districts ’ and if authorities are not large enough , ‘ special arrangements ’ will have to be made ;

Existing permanent staff recruited to the Council Tax Assistant posts will receive higher overall basic earnings through the consolidation of Computer Technology Payments and placement on the salary spinal column .
[being] permanent staff recruited to the council tax assistant posts will receive higher overall basic earnings through the consolidation of computer technology payments and placement on the salary spinal column .

to ensure continuing employment with the Council for existing permanent staff affected by the restructuring , as far as possible at Chesser House ;
to ensure continuing employment with the council for [being] permanent staff affected by the restructuring , as far as possible at chesser house ;

to ‘ ring-fence ’ appointments to the above posts by restricting applications to existing permanent staff currently working on Community Charge within the Exchequer Division , Finance Department and the Regional Assessor 's Department ; and
to ‘ ring-fence ’ appointments to the above posts by restricting applications to [being] permanent staff currently working on community charge within the exchequer division , finance department and the regional assessor 's department ; and

The Finance Committee are of the view that the structure proposed for Council Tax implementation offers a very fair financial improvement for existing and future clerical staff along with a better work mix for employees .
the finance committee are of the view that the structure proposed for council tax implementation offers a very fair financial improvement for [being] and future clerical staff along with a better work mix for employees .

But the birds play a part in Marlowe 's creation of a condition of harmony existing between man and nature where , embracing the Biblical view , nature exists to accommodate and provide for man .
but the birds play a part in marlowe 's creation of a condition of harmony [being] between man and nature where , embracing the biblical view , nature exists to accommodate and provide for man .

Disposal of existing equipment at the agreed prices had been confirmed .
disposal of [being] equipment at the agreed prices had been confirmed .

These qualifications move away from the approach taken in many existing qualifications towards an emphasis on what people actually do at work .
these qualifications move away from the approach taken in many [being] qualifications towards an emphasis on what people actually do at work .

No existing qualifications will be accredited as S/NVQs as they are not based on the Occupational Standards which are currently being developed by the steering group .
no [being] qualifications will be accredited as s/nvqs as they are not based on the occupational standards which are currently being developed by the steering group .

where existing duties have simply been replaced by new legislation .
where [being] duties have simply been replaced by new legislation .

The Centre aims to encourage interdisciplinary research , as well as promoting research based around the existing interests of the staff most closely concerned with the activities of the Centre .
the centre aims to encourage interdisciplinary research , as well as promoting research based around the [being] interests of the staff most closely concerned with the activities of the centre .

Existing research focuses on the generation and implementation of information technology , on gender and technology and on industrial innovation .
[being] research focuses on the generation and implementation of information technology , on gender and technology and on industrial innovation .

Only a few years earlier , the new universities had all been started through academic planning boards which established in general terms their objectives … Each polytechnic should have been required to work out its educational objectives and the means by which it proposed to achieve them … The Department , however , believed that there was no sense in planning , indeed no way of planning , until the new directors and governing bodies were installed … There was no reason why the existing staff of the institutions concerned could not have produced academic development plans … As William Gutteridge had pointed out in 1969 , the ability of the new polytechnics to match up to the universities was drastically hampered by their lack of resources of all kinds :
only a few years earlier , the new universities had all been started through academic planning boards which established in general terms their objectives … each polytechnic should have been required to work out its educational objectives and the means by which it proposed to achieve them … the department , however , believed that there was no sense in planning , indeed no way of planning , until the new directors and governing bodies were installed … there was no reason why the [being] staff of the institutions concerned could not have produced academic development plans … as william gutteridge had pointed out in 1969 , the ability of the new polytechnics to match up to the universities was drastically hampered by their lack of resources of all kinds :

Whether the colleges saw the DipHE as a genuine alternative to existing provision , or as a structural device for redesigning their curriculum , is open to doubt .
whether the colleges saw the diphe as a genuine alternative to [being] provision , or as a structural device for redesigning their curriculum , is open to doubt .

The diversified courses that have started are limited in number and , in competition with existing courses , are not all recruiting well .
the diversified courses that have started are limited in number and , in competition with [being] courses , are not all recruiting well .

The Council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the Council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .
the council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify [being] courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .

The Council was proposing , therefore , a variety of amendments to existing validation procedures , lengthening the reins in various ways , and — in item ( v ) of the model — offering institutions a way to go beyond what was proposed .
the council was proposing , therefore , a variety of amendments to [being] validation procedures , lengthening the reins in various ways , and — in item ( v ) of the model — offering institutions a way to go beyond what was proposed .

Some models of development had been proposed which would require changes in the Charter and Statutes , but since there was no evidence that the government wished to see any change in the basic role ‘ of the Council or in the status of institutions in the maintained sector ’ , the Council had given priority in the shorter term to developments within the existing Charter and Statutes .
some models of development had been proposed which would require changes in the charter and statutes , but since there was no evidence that the government wished to see any change in the basic role ‘ of the council or in the status of institutions in the maintained sector ’ , the council had given priority in the shorter term to developments within the [being] charter and statutes .

While not doubting the pharmacological dimension to drug-addiction , it is nevertheless true to say that in many cases this is only an external consequence of an existing internal dependency which is just as addictive , even though repressed .
while not doubting the pharmacological dimension to drug-addiction , it is nevertheless true to say that in many cases this is only an external consequence of an [being] internal dependency which is just as addictive , even though repressed .

The resulting tapes would be voice-printed and compared with existing samples .
the resulting tapes would be voice-printed and compared with [being] samples .

Stefania played her role to perfection , managing to give the impression of existing only provisionally , to a limited extent , and being quite prepared at the drop of a hat either to become completely real or to vanish without trace , whichever was more convenient .
stefania played her role to perfection , managing to give the impression of [being] only provisionally , to a limited extent , and being quite prepared at the drop of a hat either to become completely real or to vanish without trace , whichever was more convenient .

Corporatism is designed to sustain the existing economic system by securing the co-operation of labour in policies for incomes , prices , profits and dividends which can only be against its long-term interests ( Panitch 1979 ; Jessop 1979 ) .
corporatism is designed to sustain the [being] economic system by securing the co-operation of labour in policies for incomes , prices , profits and dividends which can only be against its long-term interests ( panitch 1979 ; jessop 1979 ) .

If , however , existing levels of industrial concentration are insufficient for such strategic control , the state can foster industrial reorganization or cartels to facilitate it .
if , however , [being] levels of industrial concentration are insufficient for such strategic control , the state can foster industrial reorganization or cartels to facilitate it .

In place of bureaucracy , revolutionary leaders would simply need to borrow the best models furnished by the advanced countries and employ existing functionaries in the service of the new state .
in place of bureaucracy , revolutionary leaders would simply need to borrow the best models furnished by the advanced countries and employ [being] functionaries in the service of the new state .

The overlapping of political and organizational structures that creates a situation in which communist bureaucracies are strongly opposed to all organizational improvements which might endanger the existing balance of power .
the overlapping of political and organizational structures that creates a situation in which communist bureaucracies are strongly opposed to all organizational improvements which might endanger the [being] balance of power .

When industrialization takes place within a predominantly inegalitarian society , ‘ the technology and organizational work patterns developed by the dominant groups are likely to be those that reinforce , can be adapted to , or at least not incompatible with , existing hierarchical structure of social control ’ ( Fox 1980 , p. 182 ) .
when industrialization takes place within a predominantly inegalitarian society , ‘ the technology and organizational work patterns developed by the dominant groups are likely to be those that reinforce , can be adapted to , or at least not incompatible with , [being] hierarchical structure of social control ’ ( fox 1980 , p. 182 ) .

But existing power structures , not the new technology , will determine the boundaries of the new sources of power .
but [being] power structures , not the new technology , will determine the boundaries of the new sources of power .

Most important of all , there 's no attempting to push your existing system beyond its designed capacity .
most important of all , there 's no attempting to push your [being] system beyond its designed capacity .

An electric boiler will run your existing hot water radiator system without those problems which make some other boilers such a hassle .
an electric boiler will run your [being] hot water radiator system without those problems which make some other boilers such a hassle .

It was this hegemonic combination of a mighty domestic economy , a progressive ruling class ( in comparison with most others actually existing ) , and at least some desirable culturalideological features particularly attractive to ‘ modernizing ’ elites , that opened the global door to them and ensured the creation , persistence and often aggrandisement of social classes in countries all over the world willing and eager to adopt their transnational practices .
it was this hegemonic combination of a mighty domestic economy , a progressive ruling class ( in comparison with most others actually [being] ) , and at least some desirable culturalideological features particularly attractive to ‘ modernizing ’ elites , that opened the global door to them and ensured the creation , persistence and often aggrandisement of social classes in countries all over the world willing and eager to adopt their transnational practices .

In addition to jobs , the measurable benefits of economic TNPs include the exports due to foreign firms , and the backward linkages that they set up in the host economy , that is the locally produced goods and services they purchase , either from existing firms or from firms established primarily to supply the TNCs .
in addition to jobs , the measurable benefits of economic tnps include the exports due to foreign firms , and the backward linkages that they set up in the host economy , that is the locally produced goods and services they purchase , either from [being] firms or from firms established primarily to supply the tncs .

offers the suggestion of more social equity , but on balance adds to existing social disparities the phenomenon of information inequality . ( Hamelink , 1984 , p.89 )
offers the suggestion of more social equity , but on balance adds to [being] social disparities the phenomenon of information inequality . ( hamelink , 1984 , p.89 )

The global capitalist system propagates an integrated culture and ideology of consumerism through the manipulation of existing consumption needs and the creation of new ones .
the global capitalist system propagates an integrated culture and ideology of consumerism through the manipulation of [being] consumption needs and the creation of new ones .

‘ Rather than investing in research and development of new products for the poor , foreign firms invest in advertising existing products for the well-to-do ’ ( Whiting , 1985 , p.370 ) .
‘ rather than investing in research and development of new products for the poor , foreign firms invest in advertising [being] products for the well-to-do ’ ( whiting , 1985 , p.370 ) .

The study was designed to have 80 % power to detect a treatment response of 20 % with a standard deviation ( derived from existing data ) of 30 % , at significance level 0.05 .
the study was designed to have 80 % power to detect a treatment response of 20 % with a standard deviation ( derived from [being] data ) of 30 % , at significance level 0.05 .

The World Health Organization , in an attempt to assist health ministries in this process , has recommended the setting up of ‘ reference centres ’ , a new tier in the health system between existing hospitals and health centres .
the world health organization , in an attempt to assist health ministries in this process , has recommended the setting up of ‘ reference centres ’ , a new tier in the health system between [being] hospitals and health centres .

Thus in effect reference centres are indistinguishable from small district hospitals , and they are expected to relieve the perceived overload at existing specialist city hospitals .
thus in effect reference centres are indistinguishable from small district hospitals , and they are expected to relieve the perceived overload at [being] specialist city hospitals .

With about 60–80 % of government national health facility expenditure in developing countries absorbed by hospitals , an obvious source is existing hospital budgets .
with about 60–80 % of government national health facility expenditure in developing countries absorbed by hospitals , an obvious source is [being] hospital budgets .

Antiarrhythmic agents can worsen existing arrhythmias or cause new ones .
antiarrhythmic agents can worsen [being] arrhythmias or cause new ones .

Thereafter everyone will focus on practical aspects of dealing with an existing problem .
thereafter everyone will focus on practical aspects of dealing with an [being] problem .

As far as the Herbert interest was concerned , therefore , Gloucester was put at the head of an existing connection which he was expected to do little to modify .
as far as the herbert interest was concerned , therefore , gloucester was put at the head of an [being] connection which he was expected to do little to modify .

In Wales also Gloucester was expected to set himself at the head of existing officials .
in wales also gloucester was expected to set himself at the head of [being] officials .

In establishing himself in the north , Gloucester was able to build upon existing foundations .
in establishing himself in the north , gloucester was able to build upon [being] foundations .

Here , as in the duchy of Lancaster , Gloucester was able to draw on existing loyalties .
here , as in the duchy of lancaster , gloucester was able to draw on [being] loyalties .

But Gloucester 's acquisition of Skipton was as much a matter of strengthening existing connections as of creating new ones .
but gloucester 's acquisition of skipton was as much a matter of strengthening [being] connections as of creating new ones .

Again , the grant consolidated existing ducal interests , rounding out Gloucester 's influence in the honour of Pickering further east .
again , the grant consolidated [being] ducal interests , rounding out gloucester 's influence in the honour of pickering further east .

In these areas Gloucester 's appointment in 1480 as the king 's lieutenant in the north did not do much more than recognize existing realities .
in these areas gloucester 's appointment in 1480 as the king 's lieutenant in the north did not do much more than recognize [being] realities .

With the estates came the service of the existing duchy officials , but the queen was also able to establish her own connection there , and several of her servants and kinsmen were subsequently rewarded from the duchy .
with the estates came the service of the [being] duchy officials , but the queen was also able to establish her own connection there , and several of her servants and kinsmen were subsequently rewarded from the duchy .

The duke , in other words , contributed to the royal connection as well as providing a focus for existing royal servants .
the duke , in other words , contributed to the royal connection as well as providing a focus for [being] royal servants .

Valid comparisons are difficult to draw from existing publications , particularly between species .
valid comparisons are difficult to draw from [being] publications , particularly between species .

Existing reports have depended on self reported defecation frequency which is prone to wrror and on reports of straining at stool , which is unreliable because it is a symptom of irritable bowel syndrome as well as of constipation .
[being] reports have depended on self reported defecation frequency which is prone to wrror and on reports of straining at stool , which is unreliable because it is a symptom of irritable bowel syndrome as well as of constipation .

Roman cities were planned as far as possible symmetrically on a grid system , although in the case of existing towns which they took over , or of hill sites , geographical problems made this difficult .
roman cities were planned as far as possible symmetrically on a grid system , although in the case of [being] towns which they took over , or of hill sites , geographical problems made this difficult .

Parts are missing owing to damage by fire and water , but the existing remains are beautifully displayed and in magnificent condition .
parts are missing owing to damage by fire and water , but the [being] remains are beautifully displayed and in magnificent condition .

If this were the case , the drop in population in the first half of the period could have been deeper and the subsequent recovery slower than existing replacement figures suggest .
if this were the case , the drop in population in the first half of the period could have been deeper and the subsequent recovery slower than [being] replacement figures suggest .

Despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the King who could grant pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .
despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an [being] standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the king who could grant pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .

There is a substantial amount of evidence for peasant discontent before 1381 , most of it ( as far as existing evidence shows ) being concentrated in the Central and East Midlands and in the Home Counties , precisely those parts of England where manorialization was most fully developed .
there is a substantial amount of evidence for peasant discontent before 1381 , most of it ( as far as [being] evidence shows ) being concentrated in the central and east midlands and in the home counties , precisely those parts of england where manorialization was most fully developed .

But Richard of York himself made no attempt to co-ordinate his movements with Cade 's , and the demands for his inclusion among the King 's advisers probably do no more than reflect dislike of the existing court faction .
but richard of york himself made no attempt to co-ordinate his movements with cade 's , and the demands for his inclusion among the king 's advisers probably do no more than reflect dislike of the [being] court faction .

’ There were variations in detail from shire to shire , but the predominant part played by the existing land-owning families seems to have been common .
’ there were variations in detail from shire to shire , but the predominant part played by the [being] land-owning families seems to have been common .

Studies of individual towns suggest that they were severely hit , that properties were deserted and that in some cases parishes had to be united , as the existing ones were too poor to maintain the services of the Church ( 77 , pp.286–8 ) .
studies of individual towns suggest that they were severely hit , that properties were deserted and that in some cases parishes had to be united , as the [being] ones were too poor to maintain the services of the church ( 77 , pp.286–8 ) .

The difficulty for the historian is that evidence for how councillors were elected is often lacking , and one does not know how many freemen could participate in choosing them , nor when membership of councils came to be filled by the choice of the existing councillors .
the difficulty for the historian is that evidence for how councillors were elected is often lacking , and one does not know how many freemen could participate in choosing them , nor when membership of councils came to be filled by the choice of the [being] councillors .

As we saw in Chapter 7 , furthermore , the domestic cloth industry developed during the period under the tariff protection of royal taxation and as a result of war damage to existing European textile centres .
as we saw in chapter 7 , furthermore , the domestic cloth industry developed during the period under the tariff protection of royal taxation and as a result of war damage to [being] european textile centres .

The organization of the Council , borrowed from that of the universities , was by ‘ nations ’ ( principally in order to restrict the voting powers of the large number of Italians ) , but the French objected to the English existing as a separate nation from the Germans — significantly in the Arts Faculty at the University of Paris the English and the Germans were included in the same one .
the organization of the council , borrowed from that of the universities , was by ‘ nations ’ ( principally in order to restrict the voting powers of the large number of italians ) , but the french objected to the english [being] as a separate nation from the germans — significantly in the arts faculty at the university of paris the english and the germans were included in the same one .

In Turkey , an annual population growth of 1 million is predicted , on an existing population of 60 million .
in turkey , an annual population growth of 1 million is predicted , on an [being] population of 60 million .

The existing business is based in London but the owners may be willing to move .
the [being] business is based in london but the owners may be willing to move .

The bacon-curing business was for sale for £l00,000 so assuming that he could finance the remainder he engaged an accountant to check over the books of the existing business and report back to him .
the bacon-curing business was for sale for £l00,000 so assuming that he could finance the remainder he engaged an accountant to check over the books of the [being] business and report back to him .

Clean-it Plc makes washing machines and with its existing plant capacity the maximum production possible is 1,000 units per year .
clean-it plc makes washing machines and with its [being] plant capacity the maximum production possible is 1,000 units per year .

In particular , some feel that occupational groups should enjoy similar proportional increases in income which preserve existing differentials , while others , pushing for greater equality , want similar absolute increases which have the effect of narrowing differentials .
in particular , some feel that occupational groups should enjoy similar proportional increases in income which preserve [being] differentials , while others , pushing for greater equality , want similar absolute increases which have the effect of narrowing differentials .

For a government having to establish a guide to the existing extent of economic inequality and some principles as to when inequality shades to poverty and becomes a policy problem , there is the question of what policy instrument to use .
for a government having to establish a guide to the [being] extent of economic inequality and some principles as to when inequality shades to poverty and becomes a policy problem , there is the question of what policy instrument to use .

If it is the impact of government intervention over a lifetime or series of lifetimes that matters , then existing work on the snapshot distribution , however sophisticated , may have little of relevance to offer .
if it is the impact of government intervention over a lifetime or series of lifetimes that matters , then [being] work on the snapshot distribution , however sophisticated , may have little of relevance to offer .

With the inability of stable monetary and/or fiscal policy to alter the real course of the economy , it is the determinants of the ‘ natural rates ’ that are the source of concern , and this is where the supply-siders would say they come in : by highlighting the way existing government policy provisions affect utility-maximizing choices , they concern themselves with the location of the various functions involved .
with the inability of stable monetary and/or fiscal policy to alter the real course of the economy , it is the determinants of the ‘ natural rates ’ that are the source of concern , and this is where the supply-siders would say they come in : by highlighting the way [being] government policy provisions affect utility-maximizing choices , they concern themselves with the location of the various functions involved .

( This was an expenditure level equal to the existing average level . )
( this was an expenditure level equal to the [being] average level . )

the property rights are vested with existing club members . )
the property rights are vested with [being] club members . )

Because the individual moving into a local community is not concerned with the congestion costs that this implies for existing residents , her decision to move will be determined by the difference between and and there will be no incentive to move at a point when is equal to .
because the individual moving into a local community is not concerned with the congestion costs that this implies for [being] residents , her decision to move will be determined by the difference between and and there will be no incentive to move at a point when is equal to .

The share of local taxes ( which has already been taken into account in is relevant for other existing members of the locality .
the share of local taxes ( which has already been taken into account in is relevant for other [being] members of the locality .

As noted in our discussion of the optimum size of clubs , the arrival of an additional individual reduces the taxes that existing residents have to pay to finance a given level of expenditure .
as noted in our discussion of the optimum size of clubs , the arrival of an additional individual reduces the taxes that [being] residents have to pay to finance a given level of expenditure .

As a result , the benefit of one more resident in ( to the new and existing residents ) is where is the tax paid by the marginal immigrant .
as a result , the benefit of one more resident in ( to the new and [being] residents ) is where is the tax paid by the marginal immigrant .

This suggested two elements of concern in the existing system .
this suggested two elements of concern in the [being] system .

If the function of a new module is similar , but not identical to , an existing module , then a name should be chosen which identifies the difference .
if the function of a new module is similar , but not identical to , an [being] module , then a name should be chosen which identifies the difference .

Existing Software
[being] software

modify an existing package to contain all modules .
modify an [being] package to contain all modules .

If you find on reading this that an existing process would have benefited from different values at .
if you find on reading this that an [being] process would have benefited from different values at .

This simply changes the attributes with which the existing drivers are installed .
this simply changes the attributes with which the [being] drivers are installed .

Either become the package manager ( given to you by the existing manager using option 1.8.0 ) or activate the DC/DCs via a package which you own .
either become the package manager ( given to you by the [being] manager using option 1.8.0 ) or activate the dc/dcs via a package which you own .

The combined total of this and the existing active DCs ( xx ) exceeds the maximum of 10 active DCs on a package .
the combined total of this and the [being] active dcs ( xx ) exceeds the maximum of 10 active dcs on a package .

When this key is pressed , instead of overtyping , the existing characters are moved to the right of the cursor .
when this key is pressed , instead of overtyping , the [being] characters are moved to the right of the cursor .

When a second or subsequent ‘ instance ’ of an item ( one with the same value as an existing item ) is to be added , the existing instance is moved from its current position to the top of the partition .
when a second or subsequent ‘ instance ’ of an item ( one with the same value as an [being] item ) is to be added , the [being] instance is moved from its current position to the top of the partition .

This option enables you to view the substate of an existing module instance .
this option enables you to view the substate of an [being] module instance .

This option enables you to update the details of an existing module .
this option enables you to update the details of an [being] module .

If the module owner is changed , the new name must be that of an existing user , and the new module owner must be related to you ( as the module manager ) .
if the module owner is changed , the new name must be that of an [being] user , and the new module owner must be related to you ( as the module manager ) .

If the module manager is changed , the new name must be that of an existing user , and the new manager must be your ascendant or descendant .
if the module manager is changed , the new name must be that of an [being] user , and the new manager must be your ascendant or descendant .

Note that none of the existing module names can be altered using this option .
note that none of the [being] module names can be altered using this option .

Only additional module names can be entered or the existing module version ranges extended .
only additional module names can be entered or the [being] module version ranges extended .

Additional modules names may now be entered , up to a maximum of 10 , or the range of existing modules extended .
additional modules names may now be entered , up to a maximum of 10 , or the range of [being] modules extended .

Note that none of the existing module names can be altered using this option .
note that none of the [being] module names can be altered using this option .

Only additional module names can be entered or the existing module version ranges extended .
only additional module names can be entered or the [being] module version ranges extended .

This option enables you to update a Product either to enter information about a Product for the first time or to update existing information about a Product .
this option enables you to update a product either to enter information about a product for the first time or to update [being] information about a product .

This option enables you to update a Client either to enter information about a Client for the first time or to update existing information about a Client .
this option enables you to update a client either to enter information about a client for the first time or to update [being] information about a client .

This option enables you to update the details of an existing Issue .
this option enables you to update the details of an [being] issue .

You have exited the option without updating any of the existing data .
you have exited the option without updating any of the [being] data .

Specify an existing module name as the start module , up to 28 alphanumeric characters long including spaces and the special characters : ‘ — ’ , ‘ - ’ , ‘ .
specify an [being] module name as the start module , up to 28 alphanumeric characters long including spaces and the special characters : ‘ — ’ , ‘ - ’ , ‘ .

You should enter an existing package name .
you should enter an [being] package name .

You should check the spelling and enter an existing module name .
you should check the spelling and enter an [being] module name .

You should check the spelling and enter an existing module name .
you should check the spelling and enter an [being] module name .

To use an existing product , use option 5.4.4 — View Product Titles , to view the names of all existing products .
to use an [being] product , use option 5.4.4 — view product titles , to view the names of all [being] products .

Enter an existing client identifier in the range 1000 — 999999 .
enter an [being] client identifier in the range 1000 — 999999 .

Enter an existing client identifier in the range 1000 — 999999 .
enter an [being] client identifier in the range 1000 — 999999 .

Enter an existing product identifier in the range 1000 — 999999 .
enter an [being] product identifier in the range 1000 — 999999 .

Enter an existing product identifier in the range 1000 — 999999 .
enter an [being] product identifier in the range 1000 — 999999 .

Either consolidate the existing DCs or use another package to do the work .
either consolidate the [being] dcs or use another package to do the work .

If this relationship is required , it will be necessary to cancel an existing link , before a further link can be added .
if this relationship is required , it will be necessary to cancel an [being] link , before a further link can be added .

The package structure to be updated must define an existing baseline i.e. the root package must be approved , and all sub-packages must be referenced at their latest selected approved versions .
the package structure to be updated must define an [being] baseline i.e. the root package must be approved , and all sub-packages must be referenced at their latest selected approved versions .

Existing tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .
[being] tickets are valid for the new dates although refunds can be obtained if required form point of purchase .

Some of these new ‘ leasows ’ were added to existing farms or smallholdings , but elsewhere in the parish entirely new units were created ; then from the reign of Elizabeth onwards poor families who wanted a little land to go with their cottages encroached further into the remaining woods and wastes .
some of these new ‘ leasows ’ were added to [being] farms or smallholdings , but elsewhere in the parish entirely new units were created ; then from the reign of elizabeth onwards poor families who wanted a little land to go with their cottages encroached further into the remaining woods and wastes .

Industrial expansion in Birmingham and the Black Country meant the multiplication of existing types of unit .
industrial expansion in birmingham and the black country meant the multiplication of [being] types of unit .

This demonstrated the disturbed state of Russian industrial relations as the proletariat remained outside society — ; deprived of any stake in the existing order .
this demonstrated the disturbed state of russian industrial relations as the proletariat remained outside society — ; deprived of any stake in the [being] order .

Those who argue for participatory democracy believe active citizenship can not be established within the limitations set by the existing liberal-democratic framework .
those who argue for participatory democracy believe active citizenship can not be established within the limitations set by the [being] liberal-democratic framework .

Movements have accused existing parties of not reflecting the true political nature of the country , ‘ stocking the pores of civil society and frustrating and screening out political dissent ’ , thereby limiting activity in the public domain .
movements have accused [being] parties of not reflecting the true political nature of the country , ‘ stocking the pores of civil society and frustrating and screening out political dissent ’ , thereby limiting activity in the public domain .

Once operational , the existing scouring machine presently located in the dye house will be moved along-side its new partner , where foundation work has already been completed for this major operation .
once operational , the [being] scouring machine presently located in the dye house will be moved along-side its new partner , where foundation work has already been completed for this major operation .

Being a caring celebrity entails lending your name to worthy causes , donating cash , giving up royalties from existing or new compositions , making time to appear free of charge in fund-raising concerts , and sometimes even organising them , and becoming a public spokesman on behalf of that particular charity .
being a caring celebrity entails lending your name to worthy causes , donating cash , giving up royalties from [being] or new compositions , making time to appear free of charge in fund-raising concerts , and sometimes even organising them , and becoming a public spokesman on behalf of that particular charity .

Existing hard surfaces should be broken up beforehand .
[being] hard surfaces should be broken up beforehand .

On boundaries that do n't butt up to existing walls , blocks must first be concreted in position .
on boundaries that do n't butt up to [being] walls , blocks must first be concreted in position .

An existing conifer hedge had to be removed . ``
an [being] conifer hedge had to be removed . ``

Other new items added to existing ranges were also included in the Spring Launch .
other new items added to [being] ranges were also included in the spring launch .

Plans are also in the pipeline for the gradual alteration of existing storage bins to double the size of blends that can be achieved .
plans are also in the pipeline for the gradual alteration of [being] storage bins to double the size of blends that can be achieved .

These gained so much in esteem that in 1932 a bold decision was taken to scrap existing plant and to concentrate on the production of chenille Axminster and spool Axminster carpets and rugs ’ .
these gained so much in esteem that in 1932 a bold decision was taken to scrap [being] plant and to concentrate on the production of chenille axminster and spool axminster carpets and rugs ’ .

The eugenics movement was a dumping ground for racial , sexual and class prejudices , extending already existing social control and punishment of people identified as ’ inferior ’ .
the eugenics movement was a dumping ground for racial , sexual and class prejudices , extending already [being] social control and punishment of people identified as ’ inferior ’ .

The first solution to this dilemma was to harden existing Minuteman missile silos .
the first solution to this dilemma was to harden [being] minuteman missile silos .

The Air Force , again for reasons of cost , wants them based at existing missile sites in Wyoming , whence they would flee when a crisis loomed .
the air force , again for reasons of cost , wants them based at [being] missile sites in wyoming , whence they would flee when a crisis loomed .

Manual control on the stage is now possible together with the existing joystick .
manual control on the stage is now possible together with the [being] joystick .

" If you do not have an existing service agreement with Olympus it is certainly worth looking at the options available — whatever type of instrument is in use . "
" if you do not have an [being] service agreement with olympus it is certainly worth looking at the options available — whatever type of instrument is in use . "

Their new position also places them closer to their existing warehouse with its dual purposes of storage and manufacture of patterned bordered rugs .
their new position also places them closer to their [being] warehouse with its dual purposes of storage and manufacture of patterned bordered rugs .

Other additions to existing ranges were also introduced at the Brighton Show .
other additions to [being] ranges were also introduced at the brighton show .

In addition there were nineteen new items introducing the latest colours and patterns to existing ranges .
in addition there were nineteen new items introducing the latest colours and patterns to [being] ranges .

If carried out correctly , budget provides an effective way of quantifying the performance required of existing or new operations .
if carried out correctly , budget provides an effective way of quantifying the performance required of [being] or new operations .

a subsidiary of an existing company
a subsidiary of an [being] company

Other rates may apply where the development is acquired second hand , or is merely a refurbishment of an existing industrial building .
other rates may apply where the development is acquired second hand , or is merely a refurbishment of an [being] industrial building .

When these are identified , it should be possible to incorporate them directly into existing varieties , so avoiding the necessity of a lengthy breeding process .
when these are identified , it should be possible to incorporate them directly into [being] varieties , so avoiding the necessity of a lengthy breeding process .

In the meantime , advance have been made in the culturing of rhizobia and the preparation of inoculants for use with existing leguminous crops , and considerable increases in yield have been obtained when applied to crops in the field .
in the meantime , advance have been made in the culturing of rhizobia and the preparation of inoculants for use with [being] leguminous crops , and considerable increases in yield have been obtained when applied to crops in the field .

If you 're aiming to upgrade from your existing 286 machine , there could n't be a better choice .
if you 're aiming to upgrade from your [being] 286 machine , there could n't be a better choice .

The whole thrust of the current strategy whether to increase the number of shareholders or to extend parental choice in education is to strengthen the position of the existing middle class and to bring the ‘ new ' technological and service working class within the capitalist net .
the whole thrust of the current strategy whether to increase the number of shareholders or to extend parental choice in education is to strengthen the position of the [being] middle class and to bring the ‘ new ' technological and service working class within the capitalist net .

The signature of the agreement had been delayed from December 1989 , partly over the question of East German access to the Schengen area , it being finally agreed that border controls would apply only at East Germany 's borders with Poland and Czechoslovakia and not at the existing inter-German border .
the signature of the agreement had been delayed from december 1989 , partly over the question of east german access to the schengen area , it being finally agreed that border controls would apply only at east germany 's borders with poland and czechoslovakia and not at the [being] inter-german border .

42 should be discarded but it was understood that some members of the Cabinet favoured new press legislation to replace the decree , while others thought that the existing criminal code was enough to ensure a responsible press .
42 should be discarded but it was understood that some members of the cabinet favoured new press legislation to replace the decree , while others thought that the [being] criminal code was enough to ensure a responsible press .

These involved the introduction of a number of nominated rather than elected MPs , and the creation of an executive presidency in place of the existing ceremonial one .
these involved the introduction of a number of nominated rather than elected mps , and the creation of an executive presidency in place of the [being] ceremonial one .

Labour relations were adversely affected by inflation , the impact of credit controls , privatization plans , the government 's refusal to use existing consultative machinery and new laws allowing for easier legal dismissals .
labour relations were adversely affected by inflation , the impact of credit controls , privatization plans , the government 's refusal to use [being] consultative machinery and new laws allowing for easier legal dismissals .

Can be used as New Roof or to Replace Existing Faulty Roofing
can be used as new roof or to replace [being] faulty roofing

Timber framework is constructed on top of existing roof to give as much fall as possible .
timber framework is constructed on top of [being] roof to give as much fall as possible .

Officials emphasized that this move , anticipated to last not more than three months , did not constitute a step towards a state of emergency but simply formalised the existing situation .
officials emphasized that this move , anticipated to last not more than three months , did not constitute a step towards a state of emergency but simply formalised the [being] situation .

Deputy Prime Minister Ted Diro responded to the setback on May 8 by announcing a tightening of the existing blockade to allow access to Bougainville only by ships and aircraft carrying essential supplies .
deputy prime minister ted diro responded to the setback on may 8 by announcing a tightening of the [being] blockade to allow access to bougainville only by ships and aircraft carrying essential supplies .

On May 16 the Collective State Presidency issued a warning clearly directed at Slovenia and Croatia that a `` serious breakdown of the system established by the Constitution `` and `` disregard for existing federal laws `` meant that Yugoslavia had entered a critical period of instability .
on may 16 the collective state presidency issued a warning clearly directed at slovenia and croatia that a `` serious breakdown of the system established by the constitution `` and `` disregard for [being] federal laws `` meant that yugoslavia had entered a critical period of instability .

In November 1989 it was announced that the Falkland Islands Company ( now owned by Anglo United , a UK-based mining and fuel distribution group which had taken over Coalite , the Falkland Islands Company 's existing owner , in August 1989 ) would be appointing a chief executive who would be based for the first time on the islands themselves .
in november 1989 it was announced that the falkland islands company ( now owned by anglo united , a uk-based mining and fuel distribution group which had taken over coalite , the falkland islands company 's [being] owner , in august 1989 ) would be appointing a chief executive who would be based for the first time on the islands themselves .

Under existing arrangements oil revenues were simply added to government revenue , and in recent years concern had grown among all political parties that the oil boom had led to wasteful investment .
under [being] arrangements oil revenues were simply added to government revenue , and in recent years concern had grown among all political parties that the oil boom had led to wasteful investment .

Disagreement hinged on the new Prime Minister 's insistence that the opposition should join the existing administration .
disagreement hinged on the new prime minister 's insistence that the opposition should join the [being] administration .

The Argentine Foreign Minister Domingo Cavallo supported moves to decentralize East European economies and envisaged that opportunities in Eastern Europe for Latin American industrial and manufactured goods would widen trade opportunities from the existing commercial exchanges in agricultural products and agricultural by-products .
the argentine foreign minister domingo cavallo supported moves to decentralize east european economies and envisaged that opportunities in eastern europe for latin american industrial and manufactured goods would widen trade opportunities from the [being] commercial exchanges in agricultural products and agricultural by-products .

Japan also agreed to intensify the enforcement of its existing anti-monopoly legislation , to introduce tax reforms aimed at encouraging property development , and to increase spending on housing and public works , in an effort to increase Japanese domestic demand .
japan also agreed to intensify the enforcement of its [being] anti-monopoly legislation , to introduce tax reforms aimed at encouraging property development , and to increase spending on housing and public works , in an effort to increase japanese domestic demand .

37234-35 ] which had shown `` the multifaceted nature of views and positions existing in the party and in society `` .
37234-35 ] which had shown `` the multifaceted nature of views and positions [being] in the party and in society `` .

Aid officials from the United Kingdom , returning from visits to Eritrea and Tigre on April 3 , reported that food supplies were reaching people in the region , mostly via the cross-border route from Sudan , and that there was no mass starvation , but warned that the situation could worsen when existing food aid pledges ran out after May .
aid officials from the united kingdom , returning from visits to eritrea and tigre on april 3 , reported that food supplies were reaching people in the region , mostly via the cross-border route from sudan , and that there was no mass starvation , but warned that the situation could worsen when [being] food aid pledges ran out after may .

However , the fact that he was a very junior cleric with little political experience limited his ability to mount a serious challenge to the existing leadership of Rafsanjani and the other leading `` pragmatist `` , former President Seyed Ali Khamenei .
however , the fact that he was a very junior cleric with little political experience limited his ability to mount a serious challenge to the [being] leadership of rafsanjani and the other leading `` pragmatist `` , former president seyed ali khamenei .

On Jan. 7 , 1989 , Saudi Aramco announced the discovery of a new high quality oil and gas field at al-Ragheeb , 123 km south-east of Riyadh ; this was the third in recent months , and it raised expectations that the three wells were part of a single huge field , which , if proven , would increase Saudi Arabia 's existing reserves by 10 per cent .
on jan. 7 , 1989 , saudi aramco announced the discovery of a new high quality oil and gas field at al-ragheeb , 123 km south-east of riyadh ; this was the third in recent months , and it raised expectations that the three wells were part of a single huge field , which , if proven , would increase saudi arabia 's [being] reserves by 10 per cent .

After initial orientation and docking difficulties the new uncrewed technical `` re-equipment `` module Kavant-2 , launched on Nov. 26 , 1989 , was added to the existing Mir structure on Dec. 6 .
after initial orientation and docking difficulties the new uncrewed technical `` re-equipment `` module kavant-2 , launched on nov. 26 , 1989 , was added to the [being] mir structure on dec. 6 .

Most commentators considered that the effect of the decisions would be to encourage other states to reinstate existing laws on parental notification and consent which had fallen into disuse because of previous court rulings .
most commentators considered that the effect of the decisions would be to encourage other states to reinstate [being] laws on parental notification and consent which had fallen into disuse because of previous court rulings .

At the same time the government cancelled the debts existing between state controlled companies , which were estimated at between $ 3,000 million and $ 4,500 million .
at the same time the government cancelled the debts [being] between state controlled companies , which were estimated at between $ 3,000 million and $ 4,500 million .

An extra £310 million would be allocated in 1991 and £1,250 million over three years to extend the existing system of transitional relief to those whose bills had increased by £100 per year or more ( £150 previously ) , benefiting a further 4,000,000 people in addition to the 7,500,000 already covered ; and adjustments were made to help those faced with charges for second homes or for joint business/residential premises and those in areas being phased out of the `` safety net `` arrangements applying in 25 local authorities .
an extra £310 million would be allocated in 1991 and £1,250 million over three years to extend the [being] system of transitional relief to those whose bills had increased by £100 per year or more ( £150 previously ) , benefiting a further 4,000,000 people in addition to the 7,500,000 already covered ; and adjustments were made to help those faced with charges for second homes or for joint business/residential premises and those in areas being phased out of the `` safety net `` arrangements applying in 25 local authorities .

On the other hand the Commission approved the award of state aid in several countries to assist in the closure of coal mines , as provided for under existing outline legislation .
on the other hand the commission approved the award of state aid in several countries to assist in the closure of coal mines , as provided for under [being] outline legislation .

Venezuela had been the most outspoken critic of the Iraqi position , arguing to maintain the existing price of $ 18 a barrel .
venezuela had been the most outspoken critic of the iraqi position , arguing to maintain the [being] price of $ 18 a barrel .

On top of the existing reservations for `` untouchables `` castes , this brought the total proportion of reserved jobs to 49.5 per cent of all public-service posts .
on top of the [being] reservations for `` untouchables `` castes , this brought the total proportion of reserved jobs to 49.5 per cent of all public-service posts .

Despite the concerns of the smaller parties in East Germany , the agreement adopted the existing West German system almost without change , including the provision that a party would normally need 5 per cent of the vote to qualify for seats .
despite the concerns of the smaller parties in east germany , the agreement adopted the [being] west german system almost without change , including the provision that a party would normally need 5 per cent of the vote to qualify for seats .

In contrast to existing laws on co-operatives , the resolution stipulated that a licence application to set up a business must be answered by the local council within 14 days , and could be refused only if the proposed business activity contravened regulations ( sectors closed to small businesses included sale or production of medicines , weapons , precious metals and stones , and pornography ) .
in contrast to [being] laws on co-operatives , the resolution stipulated that a licence application to set up a business must be answered by the local council within 14 days , and could be refused only if the proposed business activity contravened regulations ( sectors closed to small businesses included sale or production of medicines , weapons , precious metals and stones , and pornography ) .

36821-22 ] , and envisaged among other things the setting up of a single intergovernmental commission to replace existing commissions .
36821-22 ] , and envisaged among other things the setting up of a single intergovernmental commission to replace [being] commissions .

The Nationalrat voted in December 1989 by 77 votes to 29 ( Greens and Social Democrats ) to decriminalize conscientious objection and to replace the existing prison sentence with community work .
the nationalrat voted in december 1989 by 77 votes to 29 ( greens and social democrats ) to decriminalize conscientious objection and to replace the [being] prison sentence with community work .

Features of the new Constitution included the expansion of the National Assembly from 99 to 108 members , to be equally divided between Christians and Moslems ( thereby abolishing the existing system based on a 6:5 Christian : Moslem ratio ) .
features of the new constitution included the expansion of the national assembly from 99 to 108 members , to be equally divided between christians and moslems ( thereby abolishing the [being] system based on a 6:5 christian : moslem ratio ) .

He called on the international community `` to come together to extend and co-ordinate its assistance `` and warned delegates that although the Fund intended to adapt existing lending programmes to help those most affected by the crisis , notably the front-line states , oil-importing countries and the new democracies of eastern Europe , the costs of such finance were likely to be prohibitive .
he called on the international community `` to come together to extend and co-ordinate its assistance `` and warned delegates that although the fund intended to adapt [being] lending programmes to help those most affected by the crisis , notably the front-line states , oil-importing countries and the new democracies of eastern europe , the costs of such finance were likely to be prohibitive .

Poland and the Soviet Union would work for the transformation of the existing bloc alliances into a new system of collective European security .
poland and the soviet union would work for the transformation of the [being] bloc alliances into a new system of collective european security .

Shortly afterwards , on July 31 , the central bank introduced a two-tier dinar/US dollar exchange rate according to which ( i ) the government would continue to provide dollars at an existing fixed rate for a specified list of imports ; and ( ii ) a separate free market exchange rate would prevail for commercial banks meeting their legitimate foreign currency needs .
shortly afterwards , on july 31 , the central bank introduced a two-tier dinar/us dollar exchange rate according to which ( i ) the government would continue to provide dollars at an [being] fixed rate for a specified list of imports ; and ( ii ) a separate free market exchange rate would prevail for commercial banks meeting their legitimate foreign currency needs .

Another Israeli stipulated that in the event of a defeat in a vote of confidence , the existing Cabinet was automatically transformed into an interim government , with all ministers retaining their portfolios .
another israeli stipulated that in the event of a defeat in a vote of confidence , the [being] cabinet was automatically transformed into an interim government , with all ministers retaining their portfolios .

The agreement , under which the government expected to save $1,000 million , included options for the creditor banks ( i ) to make new bond loans carrying a 15-year maturity and seven-year grace period before payment of interest which would be equivalent to 20 per cent of their exposure ; ( ii ) to offer 30 per cent discounts on bonds for loans swaps in return for guarantees on principal and interest payments and additional payments after six years if oil prices rose beyond a specified level ( thought to be $26 per barrel ) ; ( iii ) to cut interest rates to 5 per cent for two years before gradually raising them ; or ( iv ) to allow the Venezuelan government to buy back existing loans at larger discounts ( estimated to be 60-65 per cent ) should the banks be willing to take the loss .
the agreement , under which the government expected to save $1,000 million , included options for the creditor banks ( i ) to make new bond loans carrying a 15-year maturity and seven-year grace period before payment of interest which would be equivalent to 20 per cent of their exposure ; ( ii ) to offer 30 per cent discounts on bonds for loans swaps in return for guarantees on principal and interest payments and additional payments after six years if oil prices rose beyond a specified level ( thought to be $26 per barrel ) ; ( iii ) to cut interest rates to 5 per cent for two years before gradually raising them ; or ( iv ) to allow the venezuelan government to buy back [being] loans at larger discounts ( estimated to be 60-65 per cent ) should the banks be willing to take the loss .

Industry sources reported that many member states were exceeding their production quotas under the existing agreements , and that total output was actually around 23,700,000 bpd .
industry sources reported that many member states were exceeding their production quotas under the [being] agreements , and that total output was actually around 23,700,000 bpd .

The creation of a zonal level of administration directly under the Home Affairs Ministry was announced at the end of 1988 with the 18 existing districts or dzongkhags to be grouped under four zonal administrative headquarters .
the creation of a zonal level of administration directly under the home affairs ministry was announced at the end of 1988 with the 18 [being] districts or dzongkhags to be grouped under four zonal administrative headquarters .

Opposition leaders Ganesh Man Singh and Girija Prasad Koirala ( leader and general secretary respectively of the banned Nepali Congress Party ) and Manmohan Adhikari ( leader of the Nepali Communist Party — also banned ) were briefly arrested on Dec. 15 , 1989 , after demanding the immediate abolition of the existing political system in Nepal and the formation of a national government .
opposition leaders ganesh man singh and girija prasad koirala ( leader and general secretary respectively of the banned nepali congress party ) and manmohan adhikari ( leader of the nepali communist party — also banned ) were briefly arrested on dec. 15 , 1989 , after demanding the immediate abolition of the [being] political system in nepal and the formation of a national government .

The decisions included a declaration that the Constitution was `` null and void `` and that existing state institutions were henceforth suspended .
the decisions included a declaration that the constitution was `` null and void `` and that [being] state institutions were henceforth suspended .

Kohl , who initially opposed either a rapid currency union or negotiation with the existing East German government , announced on Feb. 6 his readiness `` to open immediate negotiations on economic and monetary union `` in advance of the elections in East Germany on March 18 [ see p. 37172 ] .
kohl , who initially opposed either a rapid currency union or negotiation with the [being] east german government , announced on feb. 6 his readiness `` to open immediate negotiations on economic and monetary union `` in advance of the elections in east germany on march 18 [ see p. 37172 ] .

The Article defined the Basic Law 's area of jurisdiction as the existing Länder or states , but provided that it could subsequently be applied `` in other parts of Germany after their accession `` .
the article defined the basic law 's area of jurisdiction as the [being] länder or states , but provided that it could subsequently be applied `` in other parts of germany after their accession `` .

All the East European countries stressed their commitment to the construction of market economies which could eventually replace their existing centralized systems , and all appealed for increased assistance while changes were in progress .
all the east european countries stressed their commitment to the construction of market economies which could eventually replace their [being] centralized systems , and all appealed for increased assistance while changes were in progress .

Despite calls to the party to maintain " balanced ties with North and South Korea " , Doi gave no indication that the party 's existing policy of normalizing relations with South Korea by recognizing the 1965 treaty ( under which Japan established diplomatic relations with South Korea ) would change .
despite calls to the party to maintain " balanced ties with north and south korea " , doi gave no indication that the party 's [being] policy of normalizing relations with south korea by recognizing the 1965 treaty ( under which japan established diplomatic relations with south korea ) would change .

Although she acknowledged the contribution to the nation 's power supply of existing nuclear power stations , Doi stated that the party would promote energy conservation to render the country free of nuclear-generated power in the future .
although she acknowledged the contribution to the nation 's power supply of [being] nuclear power stations , doi stated that the party would promote energy conservation to render the country free of nuclear-generated power in the future .

This transformation represented a consistent outgrowth of existing Whig or Tory principles , but the fact that it occurred to a greater or lesser extent with different individuals helps explain why such a broad spectrum of opinion existed within the two parties .
this transformation represented a consistent outgrowth of [being] whig or tory principles , but the fact that it occurred to a greater or lesser extent with different individuals helps explain why such a broad spectrum of opinion existed within the two parties .

This method is very flexible and can be used equally to make large new issues of stock or to sell comparatively small extra tranchettes of an existing stock .
this method is very flexible and can be used equally to make large new issues of stock or to sell comparatively small extra tranchettes of an [being] stock .

But the Bank is keen to avoid suggestions that — in its bond-dealing — it leads prices down or in any way operates to impose losses on existing holders of government bonds : at times of falling prices , it follows the market and does not lead it .
but the bank is keen to avoid suggestions that — in its bond-dealing — it leads prices down or in any way operates to impose losses on [being] holders of government bonds : at times of falling prices , it follows the market and does not lead it .

As explained above , each is committed to making , within normal business hours , a continuous market in all existing government stocks .
as explained above , each is committed to making , within normal business hours , a continuous market in all [being] government stocks .

In reply the American military cautiously expressed a preference for joint action within existing alliances such as Nato or Seato rather than any new bilateral arrangements .
in reply the american military cautiously expressed a preference for joint action within [being] alliances such as nato or seato rather than any new bilateral arrangements .

It is typical of options that if a particular contract does not exist in a ready made form for trading directly on an exchange , it can be manufactured from existing tradeable instruments .
it is typical of options that if a particular contract does not exist in a ready made form for trading directly on an exchange , it can be manufactured from [being] tradeable instruments .

The main threat to London 's share of global futures and options business is likely to come from existing exchanges on mainland Europe .
the main threat to london 's share of global futures and options business is likely to come from [being] exchanges on mainland europe .

In 1856 the one sign he gave that peasants might be freed sooner rather than later was the suspension , in July , of the existing rules for recruitment into the army .
in 1856 the one sign he gave that peasants might be freed sooner rather than later was the suspension , in july , of the [being] rules for recruitment into the army .

Since the existing rules applied to a serf-based society , suspending them implied that the social order on which they depended was to be altered .
since the [being] rules applied to a serf-based society , suspending them implied that the social order on which they depended was to be altered .

Since , in the last stage of the reform 's passage , the State Council reduced the maximum size of peasant allotments to a point where many existing peasant holdings exceeded it , the provision for `` trimming `` came into operation very frequently .
since , in the last stage of the reform 's passage , the state council reduced the maximum size of peasant allotments to a point where many [being] peasant holdings exceeded it , the provision for `` trimming `` came into operation very frequently .

Their activities can be distinguished between primary markets ( launching of new issues ) and secondary markets ( trading of existing issues ) .
their activities can be distinguished between primary markets ( launching of new issues ) and secondary markets ( trading of [being] issues ) .

Offered the same price for an issue , borrowers will choose an existing firm , given their reputation for successful launches , to avoid all the disadvantages in terms of future borrowing costs should an issue fail .
offered the same price for an issue , borrowers will choose an [being] firm , given their reputation for successful launches , to avoid all the disadvantages in terms of future borrowing costs should an issue fail .

Recent experience suggests that these advantages of existing firms can only be offset if there is a large savings surplus in the home country , where entrants have strong relationships with investors and issuers , where there is a desire and ability to invest in euromarket instruments and/or a lower cost of capital , as is the case for Japanese firms .
recent experience suggests that these advantages of [being] firms can only be offset if there is a large savings surplus in the home country , where entrants have strong relationships with investors and issuers , where there is a desire and ability to invest in euromarket instruments and/or a lower cost of capital , as is the case for japanese firms .

From an economic point of view , the private benefits to the successful innovator are likely to exceed social benefits even if the latter are positive because many innovations , particularly on the product development as opposed to the process/new technology side , do not offer strong benefits to investors aside from existing instruments .
from an economic point of view , the private benefits to the successful innovator are likely to exceed social benefits even if the latter are positive because many innovations , particularly on the product development as opposed to the process/new technology side , do not offer strong benefits to investors aside from [being] instruments .

When territory changed hands , therefore , existing privileges and immunities were very often explicitly confirmed by the ruler under whose sway they had now fallen .
when territory changed hands , therefore , [being] privileges and immunities were very often explicitly confirmed by the ruler under whose sway they had now fallen .

They were a new and foreign element which a changing international situation had superimposed on Europe 's existing diplomatic machinery .
they were a new and foreign element which a changing international situation had superimposed on europe 's [being] diplomatic machinery .

But a new element in Montaigne 's essay was its suggestion that the earthly paradise might be a still existing real place .
but a new element in montaigne 's essay was its suggestion that the earthly paradise might be a still [being] real place .

The scientists affirm as dogma that all existing men are members of one biological species , Homo sapiens , and all arguments about the significance or non-significance of racial variation in men are conducted within the framework established by that prior assumption .
the scientists affirm as dogma that all [being] men are members of one biological species , homo sapiens , and all arguments about the significance or non-significance of racial variation in men are conducted within the framework established by that prior assumption .

The eighteenth-century revolutionaries in America and France coined some splendid slogans about `` government by the people for the people `` , `` no taxation without representation `` , `` one man ; one vote `` and so on , but after some disastrous preliminary experiments with mob rule , they quickly settled for compromise ; only the existing owners of property should be qualified to vote !
the eighteenth-century revolutionaries in america and france coined some splendid slogans about `` government by the people for the people `` , `` no taxation without representation `` , `` one man ; one vote `` and so on , but after some disastrous preliminary experiments with mob rule , they quickly settled for compromise ; only the [being] owners of property should be qualified to vote !

They treat the physical body of the human individual as a naturally existing unit separate from all others and proceed to take it to pieces .
they treat the physical body of the human individual as a naturally [being] unit separate from all others and proceed to take it to pieces .

Quite apart from the hotly debated issue of language capability , the existing great apes are all creatures which can survive only in very limited numbers on specialized diets in specialized tropical conditions while the species Homo is just the reverse .
quite apart from the hotly debated issue of language capability , the [being] great apes are all creatures which can survive only in very limited numbers on specialized diets in specialized tropical conditions while the species homo is just the reverse .

Pira-pirana Indians see themselves as existing within an ordered cosmos created in the ancestral past .
pira-pirana indians see themselves as [being] within an ordered cosmos created in the ancestral past .

existing clients ; and
[being] clients ; and

Existing or prior contact with the firm
[being] or prior contact with the firm

The client 's existing financial position and details of other advisers
the client 's [being] financial position and details of other advisers

The client 's existing lawyers and the need for experienced commercial lawyers
the client 's [being] lawyers and the need for experienced commercial lawyers

disposal for existing prestige client
disposal for [being] prestige client

Before commencing the acquisition process the potential purchaser should set its corporate objectives and assess its ability to achieve these objectives from the existing business .
before commencing the acquisition process the potential purchaser should set its corporate objectives and assess its ability to achieve these objectives from the [being] business .

An acquisition strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate objectives and the company 's existing capability to achieve those objectives .
an acquisition strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate objectives and the company 's [being] capability to achieve those objectives .

the purchaser 's existing portfolio of investments
the purchaser 's [being] portfolio of investments

The principal issue is likely to be whether a pension fund transferred is fully funded or the amount that is transferred from the old pension fund to the new one is sufficient to cover the existing liabilities .
the principal issue is likely to be whether a pension fund transferred is fully funded or the amount that is transferred from the old pension fund to the new one is sufficient to cover the [being] liabilities .

An obligation on the acquirer to take over the obligations under existing contracts and other continuing obligations of the business ; to indemnify the offeree for any liability that arises subsequent to completion in respect of them ; and , in particular , provision for dealing with warranty claims in respect of products sold prior to completion and product liability .
an obligation on the acquirer to take over the obligations under [being] contracts and other continuing obligations of the business ; to indemnify the offeree for any liability that arises subsequent to completion in respect of them ; and , in particular , provision for dealing with warranty claims in respect of products sold prior to completion and product liability .

Careful consideration should be given , in consultation with the client , as to the likelihood of a further offer from another party and the relative risk of not undertaking due diligence compared to having to make disclosure of sensitive information to an existing or potential competitor .
careful consideration should be given , in consultation with the client , as to the likelihood of a further offer from another party and the relative risk of not undertaking due diligence compared to having to make disclosure of sensitive information to an [being] or potential competitor .

an existing member of the company making the offer or invitation ;
an [being] member of the company making the offer or invitation ;

an existing employee of that company ;
an [being] employee of that company ;

an existing debenture holder .
an [being] debenture holder .

Existing premises and property
[being] premises and property

To the best of our knowledge and belief there are no material undisclosed liabilities or contingencies existing as at the date of this letter relating to the Group that would be the responsibility of a purchaser subsequent to the purchase of the shares of the Group other than any such liabilities or contingencies of which a prudent purchaser might reasonably be expected to know having made appropriate enquiries .
to the best of our knowledge and belief there are no material undisclosed liabilities or contingencies [being] as at the date of this letter relating to the group that would be the responsibility of a purchaser subsequent to the purchase of the shares of the group other than any such liabilities or contingencies of which a prudent purchaser might reasonably be expected to know having made appropriate enquiries .

The project is also incorporating existing machine-readable data files , relating to the nineteenth century , into its relational database .
the project is also incorporating [being] machine-readable data files , relating to the nineteenth century , into its relational database .

He has been able to formulate a general model which encompasses existing models and enables tests to be made of the robustness of the results reported in The Population History of England by varying the projection parameters .
he has been able to formulate a general model which encompasses [being] models and enables tests to be made of the robustness of the results reported in the population history of england by varying the projection parameters .

To the extent that a scientific speciality or discipline is bound together by the rules of an existing ‘ paradigm ’ defining the rules for ‘ puzzle-solving ’ with an existing ‘ normal science ’ , it has been argued that major scientific change often comes from outside the existing specialist group — not untypically through the ‘ migration ’ into the group of innovative outsiders .
to the extent that a scientific speciality or discipline is bound together by the rules of an [being] ‘ paradigm ’ defining the rules for ‘ puzzle-solving ’ with an [being] ‘ normal science ’ , it has been argued that major scientific change often comes from outside the [being] specialist group — not untypically through the ‘ migration ’ into the group of innovative outsiders .

The impact of new hotels under construction in Swansea and Cardiff on the trading of existing hotels and identification of new source markets
the impact of new hotels under construction in swansea and cardiff on the trading of [being] hotels and identification of new source markets

When a new hotel opens what are the effects on existing hotels which compete for the same customers ?
when a new hotel opens what are the effects on [being] hotels which compete for the same customers ?

In a declining or stagnating hotel market the most likely impact of a new competitor is a reduction in the market shares of existing hotels , and therefore , profits .
in a declining or stagnating hotel market the most likely impact of a new competitor is a reduction in the market shares of [being] hotels , and therefore , profits .

However , as the entry of a new hotel is a relatively slow process from planning appliction to operation this should give sufficient time for existing hotels to develop appropriate strategies .
however , as the entry of a new hotel is a relatively slow process from planning appliction to operation this should give sufficient time for [being] hotels to develop appropriate strategies .

This has made many existing office buildings in the City inadequate for the needs of national and international financial and business services .
this has made many [being] office buildings in the city inadequate for the needs of national and international financial and business services .

Evaluative reviews of existing research in four disciplines : Sociology , Industrial Relations , Organisational Behaviour , and Psychology ( Martin and Legge ) .
evaluative reviews of [being] research in four disciplines : sociology , industrial relations , organisational behaviour , and psychology ( martin and legge ) .

Identify the existing state of knowledge concerning the origins , expectations and accountability arrangements of comparable agencies .
identify the [being] state of knowledge concerning the origins , expectations and accountability arrangements of comparable agencies .

This involved using existing data and also meetings with representatives from organisations involved in economic development in the valley .
this involved using [being] data and also meetings with representatives from organisations involved in economic development in the valley .

Second , analysis was carried out of the existing capabilities of the Management Committee with regard to what might be appropriate economic objectives for them .
second , analysis was carried out of the [being] capabilities of the management committee with regard to what might be appropriate economic objectives for them .

Firms may use advertising to defend their existing position or to signal to potential entrants that incursions will be challenged .
firms may use advertising to defend their [being] position or to signal to potential entrants that incursions will be challenged .

Gaps in our existing knowledge will be highlighted .
gaps in our [being] knowledge will be highlighted .

The existing research has also been conducted after the new technology has been installed .
the [being] research has also been conducted after the new technology has been installed .

Fuelled by the de-regulation , professional mediation and demands for extensions of existing systems of self-regulation , the future for companies in the financial services sector will depend on their adaptability and in particular , their effective use of manpower .
fuelled by the de-regulation , professional mediation and demands for extensions of [being] systems of self-regulation , the future for companies in the financial services sector will depend on their adaptability and in particular , their effective use of manpower .

However there is evidence to indicate that Ulster 's share of the world 's seed potato market is declining because of a failure to respond to changing customer needs in existing markets , and an inability to penetrate new markets .
however there is evidence to indicate that ulster 's share of the world 's seed potato market is declining because of a failure to respond to changing customer needs in [being] markets , and an inability to penetrate new markets .

— whether the content and presentation of existing materials are appropriate ;
— whether the content and presentation of [being] materials are appropriate ;

Straw is largely seen as a waste product but treatment with caustic soda , ammonia or urea can increase its nutrient content , thereby producing an economical animal feed which could supplement existing hay and silage feed systems .
straw is largely seen as a waste product but treatment with caustic soda , ammonia or urea can increase its nutrient content , thereby producing an economical animal feed which could supplement [being] hay and silage feed systems .

Vertical packages tend to be of a pioneering nature , whereas horizontal packages tend to result from the development of existing ideas .
vertical packages tend to be of a pioneering nature , whereas horizontal packages tend to result from the development of [being] ideas .

In other words , a wordprocessing package may be developed which is faster , easier to use and has more facilities than existing packages ; however , the basic concepts remaining unchanged ( cf a faster , more fuel-efficient motor car ) .
in other words , a wordprocessing package may be developed which is faster , easier to use and has more facilities than [being] packages ; however , the basic concepts remaining unchanged ( cf a faster , more fuel-efficient motor car ) .

Particular emphasis placed on the problems of regulating and supervising financial conglomerates within the existing national regulatory framework .
particular emphasis placed on the problems of regulating and supervising financial conglomerates within the [being] national regulatory framework .

However , it is not clear that existing mechanisms ensure that the right quantity of floorspace is available in the right place at the right time .
however , it is not clear that [being] mechanisms ensure that the right quantity of floorspace is available in the right place at the right time .

The emphasis in the surveys is on the landowners ' attitudes towards forestry , their responses to existing fiscal measures and the kinds of measures which might lead to landscape improvement and increased opportunities for public enjoyment .
the emphasis in the surveys is on the landowners ' attitudes towards forestry , their responses to [being] fiscal measures and the kinds of measures which might lead to landscape improvement and increased opportunities for public enjoyment .

Existing survey data is used to estimate responses between demographic and economic factors and also to summarize changes in various descriptions of economic inequality in successive cross-sectional household surveys in Britain .
[being] survey data is used to estimate responses between demographic and economic factors and also to summarize changes in various descriptions of economic inequality in successive cross-sectional household surveys in britain .

This involves research on farming practice in the north east of England which will supplement existing work by the author on East Anglia .
this involves research on farming practice in the north east of england which will supplement [being] work by the author on east anglia .

Existing studies have had to use a range of previous estimates based upon differing methodological approaches and data samples , and often more than twenty years old .
[being] studies have had to use a range of previous estimates based upon differing methodological approaches and data samples , and often more than twenty years old .

This will involve a review of existing habitat surveys , and other data sources in order to provide a basis for the selection of areas for detailed fieldwork and allow an assessment of their relevance to conservation planning .
this will involve a review of [being] habitat surveys , and other data sources in order to provide a basis for the selection of areas for detailed fieldwork and allow an assessment of their relevance to conservation planning .

It will focus on the economics of land management and the influence of existing forms of land designation ( for example Management agreements on Sites of Special Scientific Interest ) on the way land is managed .
it will focus on the economics of land management and the influence of [being] forms of land designation ( for example management agreements on sites of special scientific interest ) on the way land is managed .

The research draws upon existing statistical studies of patenting activity , work on the history of patenting and on recent theories of technological innovation .
the research draws upon [being] statistical studies of patenting activity , work on the history of patenting and on recent theories of technological innovation .

There is little evidence available either to assess the magnitude of any labour market disincentives created by existing disability benefits or to predict the impact of the proposed reforms on the employment and incomes of people with disabilities .
there is little evidence available either to assess the magnitude of any labour market disincentives created by [being] disability benefits or to predict the impact of the proposed reforms on the employment and incomes of people with disabilities .

First , existing studies of the costs of abatement generally ignore the extent to which the demand for and supply of different fuels are affected by subsidies and taxes .
first , [being] studies of the costs of abatement generally ignore the extent to which the demand for and supply of different fuels are affected by subsidies and taxes .

This also has implications for econometric models since most of the existing models do not take account of knowledge of published forecasts .
this also has implications for econometric models since most of the [being] models do not take account of knowledge of published forecasts .

Another aim is to test how far it is possible , from the published results of existing clinical trials or other evaluation studies , to estimate the outcome of a wider range of health care activities in comparable terms , using the concept of ‘ quality adjusted life years ’ .
another aim is to test how far it is possible , from the published results of [being] clinical trials or other evaluation studies , to estimate the outcome of a wider range of health care activities in comparable terms , using the concept of ‘ quality adjusted life years ’ .

This research challenges the assumption of net creation of new jobs with the hypothesis that local authority aid may in fact serve to displace existing jobs , even leading to a net decrease in employment opportunities .
this research challenges the assumption of net creation of new jobs with the hypothesis that local authority aid may in fact serve to displace [being] jobs , even leading to a net decrease in employment opportunities .

Most new firms duplicate existing production functions and orientate towards existing markets .
most new firms duplicate [being] production functions and orientate towards [being] markets .

However the existing knowledge of how and why technological innovation occurs is still limited .
however the [being] knowledge of how and why technological innovation occurs is still limited .

The primary purpose of this project is to extend existing results pertaining to tests of the adequacy of such models .
the primary purpose of this project is to extend [being] results pertaining to tests of the adequacy of such models .

There are two principal components : first , to revise the input-output data based on Scottish tables for 1979 , including new absorption , make and final demand allocation matrices ; secondly to update the existing series on the Institute 's modelling databank ( eg family expenditure survey information and series on output , employment and earnings ) .
there are two principal components : first , to revise the input-output data based on scottish tables for 1979 , including new absorption , make and final demand allocation matrices ; secondly to update the [being] series on the institute 's modelling databank ( eg family expenditure survey information and series on output , employment and earnings ) .

Existing macroeconomic models are generally deficient in both their treatment of the supply behaviour of the economy and of expectations formation .
[being] macroeconomic models are generally deficient in both their treatment of the supply behaviour of the economy and of expectations formation .

Weaknesses of existing models include the following : —
weaknesses of [being] models include the following : —

The research aims to ascertain whether or not there is general satisfaction with existing legal forms among small businesses , and whether there are any aspects of the regulations which give particular rise to concern .
the research aims to ascertain whether or not there is general satisfaction with [being] legal forms among small businesses , and whether there are any aspects of the regulations which give particular rise to concern .

Existing theories of the way in which the labour market for such occupations operate tend to be based within a static framework , concentrating upon contributions to current output rather than to the dynamic process of technological change and economic growth .
[being] theories of the way in which the labour market for such occupations operate tend to be based within a static framework , concentrating upon contributions to current output rather than to the dynamic process of technological change and economic growth .

The project will collect new data , as well as exploiting existing information , in order to examine the link between a company 's employment of scientists and engineers and its economic performance .
the project will collect new data , as well as exploiting [being] information , in order to examine the link between a company 's employment of scientists and engineers and its economic performance .

The first project involves the collation and review of existing source materials in key areas such as technology , innovation , managerial work organisation strategies and labour market analysis .
the first project involves the collation and review of [being] source materials in key areas such as technology , innovation , managerial work organisation strategies and labour market analysis .

For nearly two decades public policy has been directed at supporting existing small businesses and encouraging the creation of new ones .
for nearly two decades public policy has been directed at supporting [being] small businesses and encouraging the creation of new ones .

The purpose is to evaluate different strategies designed to achieve the appropriate dietary change within the framework of existing food production , processing and marketing industries .
the purpose is to evaluate different strategies designed to achieve the appropriate dietary change within the framework of [being] food production , processing and marketing industries .

For example , certain kinds of investment , advertising and research and development expenditures may allow firms to maintain their market position against encroachment from existing and new competitors .
for example , certain kinds of investment , advertising and research and development expenditures may allow firms to maintain their market position against encroachment from [being] and new competitors .

Partly exempt from these criticisms are Natural Rate Models which have drawn attention to the limitations of existing models , both by emphasising the constraints imposed by production inputs and by emphasising the crucial role of expectations .
partly exempt from these criticisms are natural rate models which have drawn attention to the limitations of [being] models , both by emphasising the constraints imposed by production inputs and by emphasising the crucial role of expectations .

The ‘ Business and Disabled Project ’ , launched by Edinburgh Junior Chamber of Commerce with support from Clydesdale Bank plc and Edinburgh District Council , aims to increase the awareness of the needs of disabled people and to encourage businesses to take part in projects leading to improvements and additions to existing facilities .
the ‘ business and disabled project ’ , launched by edinburgh junior chamber of commerce with support from clydesdale bank plc and edinburgh district council , aims to increase the awareness of the needs of disabled people and to encourage businesses to take part in projects leading to improvements and additions to [being] facilities .

In each case it attempts to explain what decisions are made , by whom , and how ; why the system operates in the way it does ; the problems that arise and the pressures for change ; the obstacles which inhibit change ; the effectiveness of different forms of accountability and the viability of alternatives to existing practices .
in each case it attempts to explain what decisions are made , by whom , and how ; why the system operates in the way it does ; the problems that arise and the pressures for change ; the obstacles which inhibit change ; the effectiveness of different forms of accountability and the viability of alternatives to [being] practices .

The work to be undertaken is an integration of existing literature , and the development of explanations of how people understand what they read .
the work to be undertaken is an integration of [being] literature , and the development of explanations of how people understand what they read .

Thus , for example , to mark plurality , one language may add an extra syllable to the word whereas another may simply change the vowel in the existing final syllable .
thus , for example , to mark plurality , one language may add an extra syllable to the word whereas another may simply change the vowel in the [being] final syllable .

discussions between teams of a substantial body of existing research data ;
discussions between teams of a substantial body of [being] research data ;

Or are new jobs being created which simply reproduce , in a slightly different form , existing patterns of gender segregation ?
or are new jobs being created which simply reproduce , in a slightly different form , [being] patterns of gender segregation ?

What impact will the increasing acquisition of formal qualifications by women have on existing , and future , structures ?
what impact will the increasing acquisition of formal qualifications by women have on [being] , and future , structures ?

The research project has been designed to remedy existing gaps and weaknesses in research related to Northern Ireland .
the research project has been designed to remedy [being] gaps and weaknesses in research related to northern ireland .

Much of the existing research has focussed on the internal adaptations of the firm to the introduction of new technology .
much of the [being] research has focussed on the internal adaptations of the firm to the introduction of new technology .

But existing evidence about the kinds of work that they do , their earnings and conditions of work , the alternatives available to them , and their level of satisfaction is conflicting and limited .
but [being] evidence about the kinds of work that they do , their earnings and conditions of work , the alternatives available to them , and their level of satisfaction is conflicting and limited .

This will involve the integration of research in different disciplinary fields , and will draw on existing work , such as the study of health beliefs , to establish a theoretical framework for the understandings of social perceptions of pain .
this will involve the integration of research in different disciplinary fields , and will draw on [being] work , such as the study of health beliefs , to establish a theoretical framework for the understandings of social perceptions of pain .

The project involves the re-analysis of existing data sets , using the new measure and testing for stronger relationships than originally found .
the project involves the re-analysis of [being] data sets , using the new measure and testing for stronger relationships than originally found .

The research comprises a systematic comparison of existing research in North West England and Rhone Alpes and studies of similar labour markets .
the research comprises a systematic comparison of [being] research in north west england and rhone alpes and studies of similar labour markets .

Given constraints on resources , research plans will have to take account of existing or relatively easily gathered data about services and consumers and the evaluative studies being conducted elsewhere .
given constraints on resources , research plans will have to take account of [being] or relatively easily gathered data about services and consumers and the evaluative studies being conducted elsewhere .

Compatibility with the major existing schemes .
compatibility with the major [being] schemes .

Using existing data sets , it will make initial estimates of the scale of any effect which low incomes might have on the health if the elderly in Britain , and go on to assess the likely role of some intervening variables which might account for the close correlation between income distribution and longevity in developed countries .
using [being] data sets , it will make initial estimates of the scale of any effect which low incomes might have on the health if the elderly in britain , and go on to assess the likely role of some intervening variables which might account for the close correlation between income distribution and longevity in developed countries .

It concerns an informal training scheme developed by a voluntary youth work agency , which decided to build on its existing contacts with a group of long-term unemployed young people by offering a course combining social skills with basic business skills .
it concerns an informal training scheme developed by a voluntary youth work agency , which decided to build on its [being] contacts with a group of long-term unemployed young people by offering a course combining social skills with basic business skills .

The research examines the impact of the recent boom in the provision of sheltered housing for sale in broadening the housing opportunities and choice available to the elderly ; assesses the consequences of such developments for the activities of local authorities , housing associations and private housebuilders ; and evaluates the impact of such initiatives on existing local housing markets .
the research examines the impact of the recent boom in the provision of sheltered housing for sale in broadening the housing opportunities and choice available to the elderly ; assesses the consequences of such developments for the activities of local authorities , housing associations and private housebuilders ; and evaluates the impact of such initiatives on [being] local housing markets .

This research aims to use existing technology to develop more effective forms of tactual presentation , laid out and labelled in such a way as to guide the students ' exploration of the diagrams and contribute an aid to the teaching-learning process .
this research aims to use [being] technology to develop more effective forms of tactual presentation , laid out and labelled in such a way as to guide the students ' exploration of the diagrams and contribute an aid to the teaching-learning process .

Existing published research on French primary education has tended to be quantitative in style with a strong statistical emphasis .
[being] published research on french primary education has tended to be quantitative in style with a strong statistical emphasis .

The past few years have seen an unprecedented number of attempts to find new ways of training teachers , by reforming existing routes to Qualified Teachers Status and developing new ones .
the past few years have seen an unprecedented number of attempts to find new ways of training teachers , by reforming [being] routes to qualified teachers status and developing new ones .

Phase 1 will enable trains on the existing Altrincham and Bury lines to reach the heart of the city centre ( Piccadilly Gardens ) using surface lines and also continue to Piccadilly station .
phase 1 will enable trains on the [being] altrincham and bury lines to reach the heart of the city centre ( piccadilly gardens ) using surface lines and also continue to piccadilly station .

It is a significant attempt to use spatial policies to co-ordinate existing research development and future innovations and to facilitate them on the ground .
it is a significant attempt to use spatial policies to co-ordinate [being] research development and future innovations and to facilitate them on the ground .

The research results will have practical implications for improving the impact of existing energy conservation initiatives , duplicating successful approaches , and pursuing national energy conservation objectives .
the research results will have practical implications for improving the impact of [being] energy conservation initiatives , duplicating successful approaches , and pursuing national energy conservation objectives .

Information about the activities to be included will be obtained in the first instance from a synthesis of existing published material which will be used to summarise these firms on the basis of a number of standard characteristics .
information about the activities to be included will be obtained in the first instance from a synthesis of [being] published material which will be used to summarise these firms on the basis of a number of standard characteristics .

Existing theory in this area provides limited guidance for practitioners as it is based on the management of single innovations .
[being] theory in this area provides limited guidance for practitioners as it is based on the management of single innovations .

Selected rural planning authorities will be investigated in detail to assess existing experiences of the process and outcome of planning gain negotiations in a variety of local contexts , representing areas subject to different kinds of development pressure and planning policy .
selected rural planning authorities will be investigated in detail to assess [being] experiences of the process and outcome of planning gain negotiations in a variety of local contexts , representing areas subject to different kinds of development pressure and planning policy .

The project seeks a balance between constructive criticisms of existing curricula and concrete proposals for innovative developments which respond actively to changing conditions in the wider world .
the project seeks a balance between constructive criticisms of [being] curricula and concrete proposals for innovative developments which respond actively to changing conditions in the wider world .

The project questions this assumption and asserts that existing structures are in fact shifting both in the civil and military sectors and nationally and internationally .
the project questions this assumption and asserts that [being] structures are in fact shifting both in the civil and military sectors and nationally and internationally .

It said Clerical Medical & General Life Assurance and Royal Insurance , which between them own 37.4pc of Brixton 's existing shares , had undertaken to take up their rights to the new issue in full .
it said clerical medical & general life assurance and royal insurance , which between them own 37.4pc of brixton 's [being] shares , had undertaken to take up their rights to the new issue in full .

Be realistic and practical when assessing the potential of an existing relationship .
be realistic and practical when assessing the potential of an [being] relationship .

The new pilot plant is at the design stage and the success of the plant would result in the conversion of the existing hypelon-manufacturing process .
the new pilot plant is at the design stage and the success of the plant would result in the conversion of the [being] hypelon-manufacturing process .

The companies will also have the opportunity to build on existing business links and introduce their goods to new markets in the United States .
the companies will also have the opportunity to build on [being] business links and introduce their goods to new markets in the united states .

He has called on the Department of the Environment 's Planning Office to re-think existing policy in a bid to encourage more new business start-ups in the area .
he has called on the department of the environment 's planning office to re-think [being] policy in a bid to encourage more new business start-ups in the area .

Earlier this month Belfast City Council rubber-stamped proposals to extend the scope of the existing bye-laws restricting public drinking in streets and parks throughout the city .
earlier this month belfast city council rubber-stamped proposals to extend the scope of the [being] bye-laws restricting public drinking in streets and parks throughout the city .

This section should be an attempt to find a position which might be attained , albeit not without some difficulty , and neither only a slight improvement on the existing situation nor hopelessly out of reach .
this section should be an attempt to find a position which might be attained , albeit not without some difficulty , and neither only a slight improvement on the [being] situation nor hopelessly out of reach .

There are no grounds for anticipating that public funds available to the Council for supporting the activities of governing bodies of sport are likely to be increased beyond existing levels .
there are no grounds for anticipating that public funds available to the council for supporting the activities of governing bodies of sport are likely to be increased beyond [being] levels .

upgrading of existing facilities ; and
upgrading of [being] facilities ; and

provision of additional facilities where the existing ones are under heavy pressure .
provision of additional facilities where the [being] ones are under heavy pressure .

The programme encompasses initial provision , extension or upgrading of existing provision of competition , training , spectator , and ancillary facilities and equipment . No priority is given :
the programme encompasses initial provision , extension or upgrading of [being] provision of competition , training , spectator , and ancillary facilities and equipment . no priority is given :

between new provision or extended/upgraded existing provision ;
between new provision or extended/upgraded [being] provision ;

The outcome of the review was very much in favour , not only of retaining the department , but also of increasing and improving existing services for the benefit of both the Council and the Governing Bodies of Sport .
the outcome of the review was very much in favour , not only of retaining the department , but also of increasing and improving [being] services for the benefit of both the council and the governing bodies of sport .

The Scottish Sports Council looks forward to assisting new Governing Bodies of Sport in the production of printed material and aims to develop still further its good working relation with existing users .
the scottish sports council looks forward to assisting new governing bodies of sport in the production of printed material and aims to develop still further its good working relation with [being] users .

In one or two cases gaps in the existing information have been noted in bold print in brackets , and it would be helpful if you could respond to these as well .
in one or two cases gaps in the [being] information have been noted in bold print in brackets , and it would be helpful if you could respond to these as well .

The immediate product of the study will be a state-of-the-art essay describing existing bibliographic sources and data-bases ; this should prove to be a valuable research tool both within Africa and in the rest of the world .
the immediate product of the study will be a state-of-the-art essay describing [being] bibliographic sources and data-bases ; this should prove to be a valuable research tool both within africa and in the rest of the world .

The question arises as to whether this is the result of their having fallen into apathy out of fear of repression and a belief that it is not possible to make progress ; or whether it is precisely because they have been making progress through existing channels that the militant challenge has withered .
the question arises as to whether this is the result of their having fallen into apathy out of fear of repression and a belief that it is not possible to make progress ; or whether it is precisely because they have been making progress through [being] channels that the militant challenge has withered .

The existing lists of public bodies are being cross-checked in order to provide a definitive list of these for the year 1983 .
the [being] lists of public bodies are being cross-checked in order to provide a definitive list of these for the year 1983 .

In the last decade the policy agenda concerning the Arctic has gradually been expanded , with a growing interest in scientific study and environmental protection supplementing the study of the area 's existing defence significance and economic value .
in the last decade the policy agenda concerning the arctic has gradually been expanded , with a growing interest in scientific study and environmental protection supplementing the study of the area 's [being] defence significance and economic value .

The intention is not only to record the whereabouts of existing and established collections , but to make available to researchers up-to-date information about less well known groups of records , especially those still in private hands .
the intention is not only to record the whereabouts of [being] and established collections , but to make available to researchers up-to-date information about less well known groups of records , especially those still in private hands .

First , it will clarify and consolidate existing knowledge about the role of the Treasury in public policy-making .
first , it will clarify and consolidate [being] knowledge about the role of the treasury in public policy-making .

Equally , governments ' ability to enforce subsequent agreements , will depend both on the existing efficiency and administrative capacity of local States , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .
equally , governments ' ability to enforce subsequent agreements , will depend both on the [being] efficiency and administrative capacity of local states , and on the legitimacy of their taking positive action to defend the global environment , in the eyes of local interest groups .

Like its predecessor , this research project is designed to operate mainly by the extraction and analysis of data from existing documentary sources , which are either published and freely available , or which are accessible to the investigators .
like its predecessor , this research project is designed to operate mainly by the extraction and analysis of data from [being] documentary sources , which are either published and freely available , or which are accessible to the investigators .

The identification of areas in which there is bipartisan agreement on the desirability of change or of the maintenance of existing services will be of particular interest .
the identification of areas in which there is bipartisan agreement on the desirability of change or of the maintenance of [being] services will be of particular interest .

It re-enacts the existing law on the taking of evidence by courts in England , Scotland and Northern Ireland for the purpose of civil proceedings in a court in another part of the United Kingdom , a Commonwealth country or a foreign country .
it re-enacts the [being] law on the taking of evidence by courts in england , scotland and northern ireland for the purpose of civil proceedings in a court in another part of the united kingdom , a commonwealth country or a foreign country .

It also makes some changes in the existing law to remedy shortcomings revealed by experience , and contains some new provisions designed to enable the United Kingdom to ratify the Hague Convention on the Taking of Evidence Abroad in Civil or Commercial Matters of 1968 ( Cmnd 3991 of 1969 ) .
it also makes some changes in the [being] law to remedy shortcomings revealed by experience , and contains some new provisions designed to enable the united kingdom to ratify the hague convention on the taking of evidence abroad in civil or commercial matters of 1968 ( cmnd 3991 of 1969 ) .

In the meantime and excepting certain problem areas which are causing difficulty , it can be said that the Secretary of State 's general policy is to align the new Sheriff Court Districts with the existing Local Government Districts , or a combination of these , unless good reason is shown to him to the contrary as a result of representations made to him or to the appropriate Sheriff Principal .
in the meantime and excepting certain problem areas which are causing difficulty , it can be said that the secretary of state 's general policy is to align the new sheriff court districts with the [being] local government districts , or a combination of these , unless good reason is shown to him to the contrary as a result of representations made to him or to the appropriate sheriff principal .

References to a supervision requirement in the Act include references to a requirement made in substitution for an existing requirement .
references to a supervision requirement in the act include references to a requirement made in substitution for an [being] requirement .

For this reason , Dickens 's creatures are somehow disqualified from the company of great characters , existing rather on the level of caricature .
for this reason , dickens 's creatures are somehow disqualified from the company of great characters , [being] rather on the level of caricature .

It may not in all cases be sufficient to advise a client that the action which he desires to take is not possible under the existing law ; circumstances may arise in which the proper answer is that if the law does not allow the action to be taken then the law itself should be changed .
it may not in all cases be sufficient to advise a client that the action which he desires to take is not possible under the [being] law ; circumstances may arise in which the proper answer is that if the law does not allow the action to be taken then the law itself should be changed .

The agency say they broke new ground by bringing together a drinks company and an existing client , the DoE , to sponsor a major anti-drinking and driving campaign .
the agency say they broke new ground by bringing together a drinks company and an [being] client , the doe , to sponsor a major anti-drinking and driving campaign .

On the existing assets , the statisticians suggest that the allowance for depreciation should be £134m .
on the [being] assets , the statisticians suggest that the allowance for depreciation should be £134m .

Alternatively , it might represent a pessimistic feeling about the ability to carry the existing borrowing .
alternatively , it might represent a pessimistic feeling about the ability to carry the [being] borrowing .

Label engraver now an urgent requirement , as existing machine subject to increasing break-downs .
label engraver now an urgent requirement , as [being] machine subject to increasing break-downs .

Advice on siting of existing equipment ( PCs , printers ) and suggestions for new equipment/switches etc for running SunAccounts package .
advice on siting of [being] equipment ( pcs , printers ) and suggestions for new equipment/switches etc for running sunaccounts package .

The existing Administration file-server , due for replacement in 1992 , would form a good platform for Estates computing , running AutoCAD and the new Maintenance software .
the [being] administration file-server , due for replacement in 1992 , would form a good platform for estates computing , running autocad and the new maintenance software .

Existing staff should be trained in the provision of training to others .
[being] staff should be trained in the provision of training to others .

The use made of existing equipment and software ;
the use made of [being] equipment and software ;

Problems and difficulties experienced with existing equipment ;
problems and difficulties experienced with [being] equipment ;

The development of other Library-based databases in place of , or supplementary to , existing analytical indexes , was dependent on the Garden appointing a computer scientist with considerable expertise in database design .
the development of other library-based databases in place of , or supplementary to , [being] analytical indexes , was dependent on the garden appointing a computer scientist with considerable expertise in database design .

Developments are likely to be firmly based on the existing network structure ; upgrading individual elements , extending the network , and improving communication facilities .
developments are likely to be firmly based on the [being] network structure ; upgrading individual elements , extending the network , and improving communication facilities .

Several Departments could make use of assistance from volunteer workers , without in any way compromising existing staffing levels .
several departments could make use of assistance from volunteer workers , without in any way compromising [being] staffing levels .

It is envisaged that , if the Friends are willing to help in this way , properly trained volunteers , who would have to be members of the Friends organisation and who would have their approval , could help with special events and special projects , where existing staff do not have sufficient time to carry out the work .
it is envisaged that , if the friends are willing to help in this way , properly trained volunteers , who would have to be members of the friends organisation and who would have their approval , could help with special events and special projects , where [being] staff do not have sufficient time to carry out the work .

In the Library , assistance with the indexing of the archive collection , and in the separation of original artworks from the illustrations collection for conservation and indexing , are two activities which would be outside the scope and resources of existing staff .
in the library , assistance with the indexing of the archive collection , and in the separation of original artworks from the illustrations collection for conservation and indexing , are two activities which would be outside the scope and resources of [being] staff .

We feel that some should come from core funding , as support for existing programmes .
we feel that some should come from core funding , as support for [being] programmes .

Existing Services
[being] services

Existing Services
[being] services

The development of income raising schemes and projects will significantly increase the pressure of work on the Finance Section , even when linked directly to the Bank 's own Royline and while it is envisaged that the existing system should be able to meet requirements for the next four or five years when replacement will be under consideration , additional staff will probably be required .
the development of income raising schemes and projects will significantly increase the pressure of work on the finance section , even when linked directly to the bank 's own royline and while it is envisaged that the [being] system should be able to meet requirements for the next four or five years when replacement will be under consideration , additional staff will probably be required .

Assistance will also be provided on the transfer of existing loan records from paper slips to the computer system .
assistance will also be provided on the transfer of [being] loan records from paper slips to the computer system .

Inserting new data into existing files
inserting new data into [being] files

Retrieving data from existing files .
retrieving data from [being] files .

Deleting data from existing files
deleting data from [being] files

New users of the facilities could be accommodated within any or all of the existing lines of research as described above , or such new lines as may be agreed with the Garden 's Research Management Group .
new users of the facilities could be accommodated within any or all of the [being] lines of research as described above , or such new lines as may be agreed with the garden 's research management group .

Our existing funding arrangements do not enable us to provide assistance to visiting researchers from the Community or elsewhere .
our [being] funding arrangements do not enable us to provide assistance to visiting researchers from the community or elsewhere .

The impact of the proposal on the Community would be that , by increasing the accessibility of our facilities , resources and scientific skills , we would hope to spread the high level of taxonomic expertise already here among a much wider range of the Community 's scientific manpower , whether in existing taxonomic institutions , or in laboratories dealing with plants as subjects for other research .
the impact of the proposal on the community would be that , by increasing the accessibility of our facilities , resources and scientific skills , we would hope to spread the high level of taxonomic expertise already here among a much wider range of the community 's scientific manpower , whether in [being] taxonomic institutions , or in laboratories dealing with plants as subjects for other research .

The training or research will not adversely affect existing research programmes .
the training or research will not adversely affect [being] research programmes .

We know that we can not carry out this work using existing staff , and that we will be unable to take on extra staff .
we know that we can not carry out this work using [being] staff , and that we will be unable to take on extra staff .

How would you deal with the material to gain the maximum amount of taxonomic information , in relation to your existing resources ?
how would you deal with the material to gain the maximum amount of taxonomic information , in relation to your [being] resources ?

The literature of Scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the Scottish Journal of Geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as Precambrian Research , Chemical Geology , Tectonophysics , and similar publications .
the literature of scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the scottish journal of geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in [being] journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as precambrian research , chemical geology , tectonophysics , and similar publications .

We are n't , of course , suggesting that clays ‘ want ’ to go on existing .
we are n't , of course , suggesting that clays ‘ want ’ to go on [being] .

Reusing of old ‘ fossil ’ copies of existing genes is one way in which this can happen .
reusing of old ‘ fossil ’ copies of [being] genes is one way in which this can happen .

One might expand the metaphor further by pointing out that in the interval between the arrival of successive carpets , several of the existing pile would probably have been sold and removed from the succession .
one might expand the metaphor further by pointing out that in the interval between the arrival of successive carpets , several of the [being] pile would probably have been sold and removed from the succession .

These included the elimination and/or simplification of existing manual systems with subsequent savings in staff effort and the more tedious tasks such as producing an alphabetical listing ( nominal roll ) of employees or identifying those employees coming up for retirement .
these included the elimination and/or simplification of [being] manual systems with subsequent savings in staff effort and the more tedious tasks such as producing an alphabetical listing ( nominal roll ) of employees or identifying those employees coming up for retirement .

Since virtually everyone working for the Group in Britain was paid by computer , the most reliable and immediate source of data would be found in the existing salary and wages software .
since virtually everyone working for the group in britain was paid by computer , the most reliable and immediate source of data would be found in the [being] salary and wages software .

Existing Payroll System
[being] payroll system

Packages will be attractive if it is important to make use of an existing computer or if a quick and simple solution is required and users are willing to tolerate restrictions .
packages will be attractive if it is important to make use of an [being] computer or if a quick and simple solution is required and users are willing to tolerate restrictions .

It must be possible for users to change existing reports , quickly and easily , and produce new ones .
it must be possible for users to change [being] reports , quickly and easily , and produce new ones .

During 1978 it became apparent that the existing methods of storing and handling personnel information were inadequate and in need of urgent review .
during 1978 it became apparent that the [being] methods of storing and handling personnel information were inadequate and in need of urgent review .

It was necessary either to retain the existing records system and recruit an additional member of the clerical team , or to tackle the problem -employee record keeping and reporting — at source , and create a more efficient and appropriate information system .
it was necessary either to retain the [being] records system and recruit an additional member of the clerical team , or to tackle the problem -employee record keeping and reporting — at source , and create a more efficient and appropriate information system .

It aroused a lot of opposition initially because it upset the existing viewpoint : `` How can a black hole emit anything ? ``
it aroused a lot of opposition initially because it upset the [being] viewpoint : `` how can a black hole emit anything ? ``

But the idea that God might want to change his mind is an example of the fallacy , pointed out by St. Augustine , of imagining God as a being existing in time : time is a property only of the universe that God created .
but the idea that god might want to change his mind is an example of the fallacy , pointed out by st. augustine , of imagining god as a being [being] in time : time is a property only of the universe that god created .

On many occasions we have increased the sensitivity of our measurements or made a new class of observations , only to discover new phenomena that were not predicted by the existing theory , and to account for these we have had to develop a more advanced theory .
on many occasions we have increased the sensitivity of our measurements or made a new class of observations , only to discover new phenomena that were not predicted by the [being] theory , and to account for these we have had to develop a more advanced theory .

Years later his eldest daughter Catherine commented , `` The Army came first and the position was accepted by all of us as part of the existing order . ``
years later his eldest daughter catherine commented , `` the army came first and the position was accepted by all of us as part of the [being] order . ``

The thought of it filled her with an immense regret because a child could not stay a child there would be men ( a man she hoped ) in Nicandra 's life , Aunt Tossie thought with pity and some disgust — her mind scampered hurriedly from the contemplation of a subject not forbidden so much as not existing for her .
the thought of it filled her with an immense regret because a child could not stay a child there would be men ( a man she hoped ) in nicandra 's life , aunt tossie thought with pity and some disgust — her mind scampered hurriedly from the contemplation of a subject not forbidden so much as not [being] for her .

While many sites were upgraded by the addition of walls to the existing earthworks during the third and fourth centuries , new stone defences , with or without a contemporary bank , were also provided elsewhere , reflecting an extension of this important protective function .
while many sites were upgraded by the addition of walls to the [being] earthworks during the third and fourth centuries , new stone defences , with or without a contemporary bank , were also provided elsewhere , reflecting an extension of this important protective function .

If the fragmentary evidence from Baldock is comparable , both might well represent a reshaping of an existing layout as part of a general Roman initiative or of native imitation of contemporary development in nearby cities .
if the fragmentary evidence from baldock is comparable , both might well represent a reshaping of an [being] layout as part of a general roman initiative or of native imitation of contemporary development in nearby cities .

In addition , excavations over a large area revealed considerable reconstruction and modification of existing buildings in the same period , as though the town was being forced to adapt to its new inhabitants .
in addition , excavations over a large area revealed considerable reconstruction and modification of [being] buildings in the same period , as though the town was being forced to adapt to its new inhabitants .

Were the sites ancient inter-tribal meeting places , later sanctified by a religious presence , or did an existing sanctuary attract trades because of the volume of people attending ?
were the sites ancient inter-tribal meeting places , later sanctified by a religious presence , or did an [being] sanctuary attract trades because of the volume of people attending ?

Two new military compounds were constructed in the centre of the town and south of the same street ; their enclosing walls respected the existing temples .
two new military compounds were constructed in the centre of the town and south of the same street ; their enclosing walls respected the [being] temples .

The rampart front itself was subsequently cut away to accommodate a massive stone wall set on a foundation of limestone , clay and rubble lenses , which presumably incorporated the existing tower at the south-east gate .
the rampart front itself was subsequently cut away to accommodate a massive stone wall set on a foundation of limestone , clay and rubble lenses , which presumably incorporated the [being] tower at the south-east gate .

Even so , the retention of the existing framework in the burial alignment suggests continuity within an essentially Roman context .
even so , the retention of the [being] framework in the burial alignment suggests continuity within an essentially roman context .

The stone wall which was inserted in front of the existing rampart was just over 2 m ( 6½ ft ) in width and was constructed of Kentish ragstone faced with dressed blocks ; bonding courses of tile have been recorded in places .
the stone wall which was inserted in front of the [being] rampart was just over 2 m ( 6½ ft ) in width and was constructed of kentish ragstone faced with dressed blocks ; bonding courses of tile have been recorded in places .

It states that investment is positively related to the expected level of output and negatively related to the existing capital stock .
it states that investment is positively related to the expected level of output and negatively related to the [being] capital stock .

As we shall see , these claims may then be traded on the ‘ secondary ’ market , the market for already existing securities .
as we shall see , these claims may then be traded on the ‘ secondary ’ market , the market for already [being] securities .

The Bank also manages the redemption of existing stock in such a way as to smooth the demands on the government 's financial resources .
the bank also manages the redemption of [being] stock in such a way as to smooth the demands on the government 's financial resources .

Funds are used for start-ups , for expansion and second stage growth , and often for management buyouts of an existing company .
funds are used for start-ups , for expansion and second stage growth , and often for management buyouts of an [being] company .

The capital market is concerned with the provision of long-term finance for both private and public sectors ( primary market activity ) , as well as the trading of existing bonds and equities ( secondary market activity ) .
the capital market is concerned with the provision of long-term finance for both private and public sectors ( primary market activity ) , as well as the trading of [being] bonds and equities ( secondary market activity ) .

Restrictive rules maintained the separation of these functions and limited Stock Exchange membership and the inflow of capital into existing firms .
restrictive rules maintained the separation of these functions and limited stock exchange membership and the inflow of capital into [being] firms .

The Financial Services Act of 1986 aimed to fulfil this need , as well as to abolish some of the inconsistencies which had crept into the existing regulatory system for the financial services industry .
the financial services act of 1986 aimed to fulfil this need , as well as to abolish some of the inconsistencies which had crept into the [being] regulatory system for the financial services industry .

But now It had changed ‘ There were ideological arguments amongst the existing staff ’ , Williams remembers , ‘ some argued that we should have allowed them to continue , to take over .
but now it had changed ‘ there were ideological arguments amongst the [being] staff ’ , williams remembers , ‘ some argued that we should have allowed them to continue , to take over .

Between exchanging contracts and completion , the solicitor checks the validity of the title and that existing charges on the property [ eg mortgages ] will be paid off .
between exchanging contracts and completion , the solicitor checks the validity of the title and that [being] charges on the property [ eg mortgages ] will be paid off .

However , you would not be limited to advising on existing law .
however , you would not be limited to advising on [being] law .

The existing law [ primarily the disabled Persons [ Employment ] Act 1944 ] has failed .
the [being] law [ primarily the disabled persons [ employment ] act 1944 ] has failed .

Using their experience of existing anti-discrimination laws , and considering the recently introduced Americans with Disabilities Act in particular , Committee members concluded that legislation here could be effective .
using their experience of [being] anti-discrimination laws , and considering the recently introduced americans with disabilities act in particular , committee members concluded that legislation here could be effective .

existing means of solving these problems [ for example , the Disabled Persons [ Employment ] Act 1944 ] have failed
[being] means of solving these problems [ for example , the disabled persons [ employment ] act 1944 ] have failed

anti-discrimination legislation , similar to existing laws banning discrimination on grounds of sex and race , could be effective
anti-discrimination legislation , similar to [being] laws banning discrimination on grounds of sex and race , could be effective

Many people concerned about the shortcomings of the existing system will be disappointed by this short-term approach .
many people concerned about the shortcomings of the [being] system will be disappointed by this short-term approach .

In research for the advertising campaign — where we carried out in-depth , face-to-face interviews with senior representatives of 50 existing and potential customers — we looked at existing attitudes and probed them on what it would take to persuade them to come to us to answer their problems .
in research for the advertising campaign — where we carried out in-depth , face-to-face interviews with senior representatives of 50 [being] and potential customers — we looked at [being] attitudes and probed them on what it would take to persuade them to come to us to answer their problems .

The stock of 168 houses situated at Harwell and in neighbouring towns are being offered to existing tenants at discounts of up to 60 per cent .
the stock of 168 houses situated at harwell and in neighbouring towns are being offered to [being] tenants at discounts of up to 60 per cent .

‘ This will allow existing buildings and land that has been contaminated to be returned to use .
‘ this will allow [being] buildings and land that has been contaminated to be returned to use .

The existing programme of commercial work in the Fuel Services fuel plants at Dounreay is already subject to DTI/government endorsement .
the [being] programme of commercial work in the fuel services fuel plants at dounreay is already subject to dti/government endorsement .

The current planning target for 1.4.94 is 7569 compared with our existing strength of 7900 .
the current planning target for 1.4.94 is 7569 compared with our [being] strength of 7900 .

( xv ) What are the implications for our existing redundancy/pension rights :
( xv ) what are the implications for our [being] redundancy/pension rights :

Steps 4 to 7 — Using an existing macro
steps 4 to 7 — using an [being] macro

As well as just using existing icons you can create ones of your own for facilities that would otherwise require a number of separate operations .
as well as just using [being] icons you can create ones of your own for facilities that would otherwise require a number of separate operations .

Again the method is to choose an existing icon to base it on .
again the method is to choose an [being] icon to base it on .

Art Alive is a well functioned drawing package , allowing either freehand creations or import/editing of existing pictures .
art alive is a well functioned drawing package , allowing either freehand creations or import/editing of [being] pictures .

Overwrite mode , as its name suggests , erases existing text to the right of the cursor replacing it automatically with your alteration .
overwrite mode , as its name suggests , erases [being] text to the right of the cursor replacing it automatically with your alteration .

Existing users can upgrade to 5.2 for £35 without documentation , or £75 with the books .
[being] users can upgrade to 5.2 for £35 without documentation , or £75 with the books .

This all implies that it is vital to work out what you can re-use from your existing machine . The rules are :
this all implies that it is vital to work out what you can re-use from your [being] machine . the rules are :

After doing an audit to see which modules of your existing machine you can keep you will not only know if a motherboard upgrade is worthwhile , you will also know exactly what your shopping list is !
after doing an audit to see which modules of your [being] machine you can keep you will not only know if a motherboard upgrade is worthwhile , you will also know exactly what your shopping list is !

Next take a good long look at the existing motherboard .
next take a good long look at the [being] motherboard .

The symbol editor allows you to edit existing symbols or draw your own .
the symbol editor allows you to edit [being] symbols or draw your own .

Geoff Cox shows how to add a second hard drive to your existing system .
geoff cox shows how to add a second hard drive to your [being] system .

The card will not work in unison with another video card so , if you are upgrading an existing machine , you will have to dispose of the original card .
the card will not work in unison with another video card so , if you are upgrading an [being] machine , you will have to dispose of the original card .

It enables you to attach a text message in any cell and its menu allows you to edit , copy and move notes and to find a string within your existing notes .
it enables you to attach a text message in any cell and its menu allows you to edit , copy and move notes and to find a string within your [being] notes .

You may be wondering what this add-in with a name that offers no clues does — it is a database add-in that extends SuperCalc 's existing database facilities to include an easy to use entry form , record storage on disk and even relational databases .
you may be wondering what this add-in with a name that offers no clues does — it is a database add-in that extends supercalc 's [being] database facilities to include an easy to use entry form , record storage on disk and even relational databases .

Eight years on Symphony Release 3 has just been launched and Janet Swift examines how it measures up to today 's standards — looking at it from the viewpoint of existing users and those who are contemplating buying new business software .
eight years on symphony release 3 has just been launched and janet swift examines how it measures up to today 's standards — looking at it from the viewpoint of [being] users and those who are contemplating buying new business software .

Called ‘ Trade Ups ’ , the idea is to provide proof of purchase of a competing product , for which you get to buy the ‘ better ’ product at a very low price , probably only a few pounds more than existing users can upgrade for .
called ‘ trade ups ’ , the idea is to provide proof of purchase of a competing product , for which you get to buy the ‘ better ’ product at a very low price , probably only a few pounds more than [being] users can upgrade for .

Fireater designed a system using the existing Fireater range of high expansion generators , a foam pre-mix solution storage tank and a regulated supply of nitrogen as a propellant .
fireater designed a system using the [being] fireater range of high expansion generators , a foam pre-mix solution storage tank and a regulated supply of nitrogen as a propellant .

The fire and safety project represents a substantial order and is for a new installation on the Umm-Shaif development , whilst the second incorporates a major element of fire protection systems for retrofit of an existing installation , the Zakum Central Super Complex .
the fire and safety project represents a substantial order and is for a new installation on the umm-shaif development , whilst the second incorporates a major element of fire protection systems for retrofit of an [being] installation , the zakum central super complex .

Trinity say that no extra cash is available and that Jackson must honour his existing contract .
trinity say that no extra cash is available and that jackson must honour his [being] contract .

Entrants must be aged 16 to 25 , and must not have done any professional modelling or have an existing portfolio .
entrants must be aged 16 to 25 , and must not have done any professional modelling or have an [being] portfolio .

Tuesday 's launch of Sunrise Midlands ' 24-hour service adds to his existing three radio stations .
tuesday 's launch of sunrise midlands ' 24-hour service adds to his [being] three radio stations .

We continue to seek new business in this area and to extend our existing contracts .
we continue to seek new business in this area and to extend our [being] contracts .

In spite of this , we have continued to invest in existing facilities and in extending our range of services in order to strengthen our position for the future .
in spite of this , we have continued to invest in [being] facilities and in extending our range of services in order to strengthen our position for the future .

To accommodate the ongoing growth , we have now added a highly advanced environmentally controlled pressure sensor calibration laboratory to our existing facilities .
to accommodate the ongoing growth , we have now added a highly advanced environmentally controlled pressure sensor calibration laboratory to our [being] facilities .

The parentheses gave her a sense of not existing , un-being perhaps was not too strong a word .
the parentheses gave her a sense of not [being] , un-being perhaps was not too strong a word .

Wood Group 's existing team based at Conoco 's Viking House will service the contract with as contracts manager and as head of supply base .
wood group 's [being] team based at conoco 's viking house will service the contract with as contracts manager and as head of supply base .

The policy is implemented through the Group 's existing line management structure , with a strong focus on employee awareness and involvement through training , consultation and communications .
the policy is implemented through the group 's [being] line management structure , with a strong focus on employee awareness and involvement through training , consultation and communications .

‘ The first product release is likely to be a Windows version of ‘ Oilwat/Gaswat ’ which is awaited by many existing and potential users of the package .
‘ the first product release is likely to be a windows version of ‘ oilwat/gaswat ’ which is awaited by many [being] and potential users of the package .

understand the science and technology which underlies a particular process to aid in the day-to-day operation and trouble-shooting of existing effluent treatment plant ;
understand the science and technology which underlies a particular process to aid in the day-to-day operation and trouble-shooting of [being] effluent treatment plant ;

How strange it still seemed to call her mother by her forename , a practice suggesting an intimacy that was far from existing ! Yet for as long as she could remember she 'd been instructed to do so . As a child it had been embarrassing and as both teachers and playmates had looked askance at the familiarity she 'd reverted to the ubiquitous ‘ Mum ’ in their presence , but woe betide her if she had lapsed into this form of address in Margaret 's presence !
how strange it still seemed to call her mother by her forename , a practice suggesting an intimacy that was far from [being] ! yet for as long as she could remember she 'd been instructed to do so . as a child it had been embarrassing and as both teachers and playmates had looked askance at the familiarity she 'd reverted to the ubiquitous ‘ mum ’ in their presence , but woe betide her if she had lapsed into this form of address in margaret 's presence !

Winkelmann , and thus Kauffman , were part of the ‘ invention ’ of the Greeks as the ancestors of western art , an invention which Martin Bernal has shown took place in the 18th century by displacing the existing stories of art — that Greek culture grew out of the Egyptian , African and Semitic cultures of the Mediterranean world — and producing what he calls the ‘ Aryan ’ and highly racist version of that history which denied the impact of Africa and the Semitic ( Phoenicians in particular ) peoples in order to redefine the Greeks as symbols of a specifically white and anti-semitic Europe .
winkelmann , and thus kauffman , were part of the ‘ invention ’ of the greeks as the ancestors of western art , an invention which martin bernal has shown took place in the 18th century by displacing the [being] stories of art — that greek culture grew out of the egyptian , african and semitic cultures of the mediterranean world — and producing what he calls the ‘ aryan ’ and highly racist version of that history which denied the impact of africa and the semitic ( phoenicians in particular ) peoples in order to redefine the greeks as symbols of a specifically white and anti-semitic europe .

Chevallier describes her painting process as improvising on the existing forms and colours which present themselves .
chevallier describes her painting process as improvising on the [being] forms and colours which present themselves .

Wood Group Engineering Contractors were recently successful in re-tendering their existing contract with Amoco .
wood group engineering contractors were recently successful in re-tendering their [being] contract with amoco .

As this revision was a technically complex and specialised task , the team passed over agreed elements of this redevelopment work to the safety manager , giving assistance , where appropriate , to completely revising our existing policy documents .
as this revision was a technically complex and specialised task , the team passed over agreed elements of this redevelopment work to the safety manager , giving assistance , where appropriate , to completely revising our [being] policy documents .

As well as asking readers for their opinions on the newspaper 's existing style and content , the survey also sought views on how it could be improved .
as well as asking readers for their opinions on the newspaper 's [being] style and content , the survey also sought views on how it could be improved .

An awareness of this fact , supported by existing Health and Safety legislation , led to the publication in 1974 of a code of practice for the prevention of infection .
an awareness of this fact , supported by [being] health and safety legislation , led to the publication in 1974 of a code of practice for the prevention of infection .

The panels can be fitted over a variety of surfaces including existing tiles and uneven walls without the need for stripping or replastering .
the panels can be fitted over a variety of surfaces including [being] tiles and uneven walls without the need for stripping or replastering .

The panels can also be attached to timber frames or ductwork to create new walls or partitions , allowing existing facilities to be refurbished , and new facilities to be created quickly , without the need for bricks and mortar and the inherent hygiene complications which arise from refurbishment .
the panels can also be attached to timber frames or ductwork to create new walls or partitions , allowing [being] facilities to be refurbished , and new facilities to be created quickly , without the need for bricks and mortar and the inherent hygiene complications which arise from refurbishment .

Skanform panels enable refurbishment of existing clean environments to a high standard of quality and hygiene without expensive and complicated installation procedures , while allowing investment in long term reliability and cost effectiveness .
skanform panels enable refurbishment of [being] clean environments to a high standard of quality and hygiene without expensive and complicated installation procedures , while allowing investment in long term reliability and cost effectiveness .

At the undergraduate level there has been a considerable growth in degrees which add a phrase such as ‘ with Study in Europe ’ to an existing degree in science or engineering .
at the undergraduate level there has been a considerable growth in degrees which add a phrase such as ‘ with study in europe ’ to an [being] degree in science or engineering .

We thought we had something more to offer in all those areas than the existing houses , and also more to offer our staff .
we thought we had something more to offer in all those areas than the [being] houses , and also more to offer our staff .

None of the existing handheld products can deliver multimedia .
none of the [being] handheld products can deliver multimedia .

The multimedia dimension which bolts onto the existing industry could make those alternatives both more extensive and more compelling .
the multimedia dimension which bolts onto the [being] industry could make those alternatives both more extensive and more compelling .

There is a third route which , bearing in mind our concept of multimedia existing within a single , digital environment , is not strictly an exercise in multimedia as far as this study is concerned .
there is a third route which , bearing in mind our concept of multimedia [being] within a single , digital environment , is not strictly an exercise in multimedia as far as this study is concerned .

It has been argued that the existing investment in interactive video may act as a barrier to the use of other future multimedia platforms in training . For example , Roger Wilson argues in his report ‘ The Market for Multimedia ’ ( Dragonflair , 1991 ) :
it has been argued that the [being] investment in interactive video may act as a barrier to the use of other future multimedia platforms in training . for example , roger wilson argues in his report ‘ the market for multimedia ’ ( dragonflair , 1991 ) :

One aspect of these changes is the strengthening view that existing boundaries between education and training are artificial and that both can better be seen as a single , lifelong process offered in different ways , to different people at different times .
one aspect of these changes is the strengthening view that [being] boundaries between education and training are artificial and that both can better be seen as a single , lifelong process offered in different ways , to different people at different times .

At the simplest level , many of the systems require an ‘ external ’ computer and an existing installed base will be helpful — so long , of course , as the computers can be used with the multimedia systems ( see 4.10 below ) .
at the simplest level , many of the systems require an ‘ external ’ computer and an [being] installed base will be helpful — so long , of course , as the computers can be used with the multimedia systems ( see 4.10 below ) .

Before such an impact can really be felt , two existing trends have to mature and eventually meet .
before such an impact can really be felt , two [being] trends have to mature and eventually meet .

This kind of broad band system is a model for those that will certainly be used when existing conventional online databases are enhanced with multimedia elements .
this kind of broad band system is a model for those that will certainly be used when [being] conventional online databases are enhanced with multimedia elements .

There are a number of important questions for the Book Trade to address . First and most fundamentally , are the members of the Trade sufficiently aware of coming new generations of information products to have a view on whether they should be selling them ? Second , do the new products have some organic relationship with their current stock-in-trade ? In other words , will existing customers be likely to want to buy the new electronic products alongside their print-on-paper counterparts , and , perhaps more interestingly , will those electronic products draw new customers into their shops ? Third , can booksellers make a greater profit using their shelf space for displaying electronic products than the book stocks that may have to be sacrificed ? Is there enough margin and what are the implications ( and therefore , costs ) associated with after sales service ?
there are a number of important questions for the book trade to address . first and most fundamentally , are the members of the trade sufficiently aware of coming new generations of information products to have a view on whether they should be selling them ? second , do the new products have some organic relationship with their current stock-in-trade ? in other words , will [being] customers be likely to want to buy the new electronic products alongside their print-on-paper counterparts , and , perhaps more interestingly , will those electronic products draw new customers into their shops ? third , can booksellers make a greater profit using their shelf space for displaying electronic products than the book stocks that may have to be sacrificed ? is there enough margin and what are the implications ( and therefore , costs ) associated with after sales service ?

In the networked , multifaceted information future we have suggested , existing trends towards portability will not slacken .
in the networked , multifaceted information future we have suggested , [being] trends towards portability will not slacken .

Clearly , the existing technologies are a limitation and multimedia must temporarily be constrained by the platforms currently available to deliver it .
clearly , the [being] technologies are a limitation and multimedia must temporarily be constrained by the platforms currently available to deliver it .

True mastery of design and development in multimedia demands more than an incremental change in existing established skills .
true mastery of design and development in multimedia demands more than an incremental change in [being] established skills .

Among products providing new strengths or a comparable dosage of an existing medicine , only 5 per cent had higher Canadian prices .
among products providing new strengths or a comparable dosage of an [being] medicine , only 5 per cent had higher canadian prices .

It has found that between 1987 and 1991 , the price of existing patented drugs increased by 2.9 per cent compared with an increase of 4.7 per cent permitted by the guidelines , and that the annual increase has consistently remained below the rate of inflation .
it has found that between 1987 and 1991 , the price of [being] patented drugs increased by 2.9 per cent compared with an increase of 4.7 per cent permitted by the guidelines , and that the annual increase has consistently remained below the rate of inflation .

Last autumn , the price board proposed amendments that , among other things , would limit the price of a new drug that provides moderate or no improvement over existing drugs to the median international price or the price of all drugs in that category .
last autumn , the price board proposed amendments that , among other things , would limit the price of a new drug that provides moderate or no improvement over [being] drugs to the median international price or the price of all drugs in that category .

But these two books do not contain new scientific or technical information or add anything to existing knowledge of the environment and medical consequences of Chernobyl .
but these two books do not contain new scientific or technical information or add anything to [being] knowledge of the environment and medical consequences of chernobyl .

Molar masses from 10 2 to 10 6 g mol -1 can be measured and this range is much wider than any other existing technique .
molar masses from 10 2 to 10 6 g mol -1 can be measured and this range is much wider than any other [being] technique .

Furthermore , it was announced this month that these increases are being imposed retro-actively on outstanding contracts , seriously affecting our margins on existing business .
furthermore , it was announced this month that these increases are being imposed retro-actively on outstanding contracts , seriously affecting our margins on [being] business .

The new extension at Lyles will be built in the gap between the two existing factory units .
the new extension at lyles will be built in the gap between the two [being] factory units .

They are standing in front of the old Boilerhouse which is being replaced by new and smaller gas fired units within the existing factory buildings .
they are standing in front of the old boilerhouse which is being replaced by new and smaller gas fired units within the [being] factory buildings .

The equipment ( hardware ) required for computer mapping can be divided into two kinds : that required to ‘ capture ’ cartographic data from existing maps and that required to display newly-derived maps .
the equipment ( hardware ) required for computer mapping can be divided into two kinds : that required to ‘ capture ’ cartographic data from [being] maps and that required to display newly-derived maps .

Digitizing existing maps is essential if the data derived from decades of surveying ( topographic , geological , pedological , and so on ) are to be made available to digital cartographic systems .
digitizing [being] maps is essential if the data derived from decades of surveying ( topographic , geological , pedological , and so on ) are to be made available to digital cartographic systems .

It is possible also to study the effects of drastic changes in existing fertility and mortality rates .
it is possible also to study the effects of drastic changes in [being] fertility and mortality rates .

While programs already exist for many of these topics it is sometimes more satisfying if one has sufficient ability in computer programming to modify existing simulations or create alternative programs .
while programs already exist for many of these topics it is sometimes more satisfying if one has sufficient ability in computer programming to modify [being] simulations or create alternative programs .

Precipitation is conducted to the nearest water course much more quickly in an urban area than it is in a natural drainage basin , so the building of a new town or the extension of an existing town can have a considerable effect on the rate at which the water level of a river rises after a storm .
precipitation is conducted to the nearest water course much more quickly in an urban area than it is in a natural drainage basin , so the building of a new town or the extension of an [being] town can have a considerable effect on the rate at which the water level of a river rises after a storm .

Between this line and that representing the sales of existing products there is now a gap .
between this line and that representing the sales of [being] products there is now a gap .

The viability of the new product at various sales and production levels can thus be visualized and its contribution to the planned income gap assessed by drawing its graph on top of the existing product income line in Figure 2.1 .
the viability of the new product at various sales and production levels can thus be visualized and its contribution to the planned income gap assessed by drawing its graph on top of the [being] product income line in figure 2.1 .

If the proposal is for a change to an existing product rather than creating a new one , the starting point might be at stages 6 , 7 or 8 depending on the level of technical risk in the modification .
if the proposal is for a change to an [being] product rather than creating a new one , the starting point might be at stages 6 , 7 or 8 depending on the level of technical risk in the modification .

The cost , including the opportunity cost , of value analysing existing products and implementing the results is significant and involves people from a wide range of company functions .
the cost , including the opportunity cost , of value analysing [being] products and implementing the results is significant and involves people from a wide range of company functions .

Another consolidating feature of the work on show is an apparent preoccupation with the relationship between creativity , subjectivity and identity — a concern developed in the psychoanalytic writing of Julia Kristeva — suggesting that the activity of creatively reworking existing cultural codes is inescapably interwoven with the processes underpinning the formation and continuous realignment of our sense of self .
another consolidating feature of the work on show is an apparent preoccupation with the relationship between creativity , subjectivity and identity — a concern developed in the psychoanalytic writing of julia kristeva — suggesting that the activity of creatively reworking [being] cultural codes is inescapably interwoven with the processes underpinning the formation and continuous realignment of our sense of self .

Initially , a second production line will be installed for our traditional crisp rice and flaked products and a new extruded product line will give extra capacity for the production of existing chocolate coated wheat and honey coated maize products , and a number of new products currently under development .
initially , a second production line will be installed for our traditional crisp rice and flaked products and a new extruded product line will give extra capacity for the production of [being] chocolate coated wheat and honey coated maize products , and a number of new products currently under development .

On the export side we have gained further new contracts during the year , as well as achieving growth in sales of our existing ranges .
on the export side we have gained further new contracts during the year , as well as achieving growth in sales of our [being] ranges .

As well as spending a great deal of time servicing existing customers we are constantly looking for new opportunities in developing markets around the world .
as well as spending a great deal of time servicing [being] customers we are constantly looking for new opportunities in developing markets around the world .

The Scheme had already taken steps in this direction for new employees but had no plans to equalize the NRAs of existing members .
the scheme had already taken steps in this direction for new employees but had no plans to equalize the nras of [being] members .

Most of the existing remains are of the eleventh and twelfth centuries though built on sites of earlier buildings from the eighth century onwards .
most of the [being] remains are of the eleventh and twelfth centuries though built on sites of earlier buildings from the eighth century onwards .

There is , however , little Romanesque work existing .
there is , however , little romanesque work [being] .

The building has never been completed and , though the existing arm is of magnificent quality and proportions , with beautiful coloured glass and a fine chevet , it is still a truncated church , impossible to view as its builders intended .
the building has never been completed and , though the [being] arm is of magnificent quality and proportions , with beautiful coloured glass and a fine chevet , it is still a truncated church , impossible to view as its builders intended .

After this time existing castles were added to and adapted as palatial residences .
after this time [being] castles were added to and adapted as palatial residences .

In the Middle Ages architectural development was not in accordance with the existing geographical boundaries of the four countries ; it was determined by climate , distance from the main European influence , terrain and available materials .
in the middle ages architectural development was not in accordance with the [being] geographical boundaries of the four countries ; it was determined by climate , distance from the main european influence , terrain and available materials .

575 incorporates its existing state with that of the original structure as shown in the model in the castle .
575 incorporates its [being] state with that of the original structure as shown in the model in the castle .

The Company is prevented by Section 89 Companies Act 1985 from issuing shares for cash without first offering these to existing shareholders in proportion to their holdings .
the company is prevented by section 89 companies act 1985 from issuing shares for cash without first offering these to [being] shareholders in proportion to their holdings .

In the event of another company acquiring control of the Company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his existing option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .
in the event of another company acquiring control of the company through a takeover or reconstruction , then ( as an alternative to exercising his option as described in paragraph 6 ) a participant may , if the acquiring company so agrees , release his [being] option in return for the grant of an option over shares in the acquiring company ( or a parent thereof ) having the same aggregate option prices and the same aggregate market value as the shares the subject of the options released , the new options being generally exercisable on the same terms as the old .

The social significance of this ( and one linking it to the theorists we have discussed earlier ) lay in the fact that large numbers of individuals , uprooted from their established communities and families were adapting to one another and to the existing Chicago population .
the social significance of this ( and one linking it to the theorists we have discussed earlier ) lay in the fact that large numbers of individuals , uprooted from their established communities and families were adapting to one another and to the [being] chicago population .

It was then a forcing ground for the new classes establishing themselves and exerting their power against the existing feudal order .
it was then a forcing ground for the new classes establishing themselves and exerting their power against the [being] feudal order .

And such explanations only contributed to the existing capitalist social order .
and such explanations only contributed to the [being] capitalist social order .

Our central argument here will be that existing work fails adequately to consider people as active human beings .
our central argument here will be that [being] work fails adequately to consider people as active human beings .

To illustrate this theme , we can explore some existing literature on the experience of agricultural workers on the peripheries of successful economies .
to illustrate this theme , we can explore some [being] literature on the experience of agricultural workers on the peripheries of successful economies .

Furthermore , the host society treats them as outcasts threatening the existing social order .
furthermore , the host society treats them as outcasts threatening the [being] social order .

The ‘ ideology ’ of existing urban sociology stemmed , he argued , from the fact that analysis never stopped to examine the underlying factors affecting these supposedly ‘ urban ’ effects ; unemployment , for example , or bad housing .
the ‘ ideology ’ of [being] urban sociology stemmed , he argued , from the fact that analysis never stopped to examine the underlying factors affecting these supposedly ‘ urban ’ effects ; unemployment , for example , or bad housing .

While much existing work on the home concentrates on the social relations and processes affecting people and households , few studies have examined how these broad constraints and relationships shape people 's lives , biographies or life courses .
while much [being] work on the home concentrates on the social relations and processes affecting people and households , few studies have examined how these broad constraints and relationships shape people 's lives , biographies or life courses .

lt is not surprising therefore that the strategy for information systems development which follows the existing departmental structure of the firm may be the easiest politically but not the one that gains the most from the database and informations systems project .
lt is not surprising therefore that the strategy for information systems development which follows the [being] departmental structure of the firm may be the easiest politically but not the one that gains the most from the database and informations systems project .

However , rarely can the political , social and other forces existing in the organisation countenance such change .
however , rarely can the political , social and other forces [being] in the organisation countenance such change .

His basic method became a generic term in the English language , and his special contribution was to develop an economical way of bringing and keeping existing roads up to scratch .
his basic method became a generic term in the english language , and his special contribution was to develop an economical way of bringing and keeping [being] roads up to scratch .

Increases in the volume of shipping are usually accommodated for some time by existing docks and harbours before the pressure on them leads to a heavy capital investment in fresh and usually lengthy building .
increases in the volume of shipping are usually accommodated for some time by [being] docks and harbours before the pressure on them leads to a heavy capital investment in fresh and usually lengthy building .

Overwhelmingly , improvements in roads and waterways happened in response to existing economic pressures and prospects .
overwhelmingly , improvements in roads and waterways happened in response to [being] economic pressures and prospects .

Professor Hobsbawm considers that the rise of the cotton industry marks a fundamental change in that mechanised factory production resulted in such rapidly diminishing unit costs as to be `` no longer dependent on existing demand , but to create its own market `` .
professor hobsbawm considers that the rise of the cotton industry marks a fundamental change in that mechanised factory production resulted in such rapidly diminishing unit costs as to be `` no longer dependent on [being] demand , but to create its own market `` .

With these it `` further lubricated the channels linking savings and investment by creating a large stock of negotiable paper assets which new savers could buy whenever existing lenders wanted to realise their loans `` .
with these it `` further lubricated the channels linking savings and investment by creating a large stock of negotiable paper assets which new savers could buy whenever [being] lenders wanted to realise their loans `` .

Are you starting from scratch or just hoping to re-style an existing room ?
are you starting from scratch or just hoping to re-style an [being] room ?

Just by changing the colour of the walls and soft furnishings you can provide a completely new background that may have a profound effect on the existing furniture , making it look entirely different .
just by changing the colour of the walls and soft furnishings you can provide a completely new background that may have a profound effect on the [being] furniture , making it look entirely different .

It 's perhaps the one time you 'll bless starting with a completely clean slate ; at least there are no existing possessions that might perhaps prove difficult to accommodate .
it 's perhaps the one time you 'll bless starting with a completely clean slate ; at least there are no [being] possessions that might perhaps prove difficult to accommodate .

Existing rooms which need a face-lift or which you would like to have a completely new image are much more of a problem .
[being] rooms which need a face-lift or which you would like to have a completely new image are much more of a problem .

If the existing carpet is in reasonable condition but you 're sick to death of it you could add rugs to cheer it up .
if the [being] carpet is in reasonable condition but you 're sick to death of it you could add rugs to cheer it up .

How do you improve the lighting in existing houses , flats or apartments when the electrical lay-out is far from ideal and far from flexible ?
how do you improve the lighting in [being] houses , flats or apartments when the electrical lay-out is far from ideal and far from flexible ?

You can either add new points or outlets to existing circuits , if they can take the increased load ( which is good but expensive ) or install lengths of track to the odd ceiling outlets that are there already .
you can either add new points or outlets to [being] circuits , if they can take the increased load ( which is good but expensive ) or install lengths of track to the odd ceiling outlets that are there already .

If your existing floor is beyond improving and needs a fresh start in life .
if your [being] floor is beyond improving and needs a fresh start in life .

It is quite possible to cheer up existing curtains , blinds or shades that are perfectly adequate but tired and boring .
it is quite possible to cheer up [being] curtains , blinds or shades that are perfectly adequate but tired and boring .

Choose a colour from the existing design or a contrast colour if the fabric is plain .
choose a colour from the [being] design or a contrast colour if the fabric is plain .

If you are handy with a needle you could sew in another lining or backing in a contrasting or toning fabric to the existing one .
if you are handy with a needle you could sew in another lining or backing in a contrasting or toning fabric to the [being] one .

If you are going to replace existing hardware , make pencil marks to show the new position .
if you are going to replace [being] hardware , make pencil marks to show the new position .

If you have existing furniture and are merely re-doing a room , you will almost certainly know what you want to keep and what to replace — or re-upholster , re-cover , re-finish or re-paint .
if you have [being] furniture and are merely re-doing a room , you will almost certainly know what you want to keep and what to replace — or re-upholster , re-cover , re-finish or re-paint .

Whether you are starting to decorate a first home , have just moved into a new place or are redecorating an existing room , the problem is often much the same : not so much how to arrange things as how to fill up big blank walls and table or shelf surfaces when you do n't seem to have very much to use and certainly very little to spend .
whether you are starting to decorate a first home , have just moved into a new place or are redecorating an [being] room , the problem is often much the same : not so much how to arrange things as how to fill up big blank walls and table or shelf surfaces when you do n't seem to have very much to use and certainly very little to spend .

If you are in the happy position of being able to plan your kitchen from scratch , rather than attempting to revamp existing layouts and equipment , it is worth giving the matter considerable thought .
if you are in the happy position of being able to plan your kitchen from scratch , rather than attempting to revamp [being] layouts and equipment , it is worth giving the matter considerable thought .

All these points should be thought about and considered in relation to the space you have to play with ( a square room , rectangular room , cramped galley , and so on ) as well as any existing appliances , and should certainly give you a clearer idea of the sort of room that will answer your needs .
all these points should be thought about and considered in relation to the space you have to play with ( a square room , rectangular room , cramped galley , and so on ) as well as any [being] appliances , and should certainly give you a clearer idea of the sort of room that will answer your needs .

This is the procedure to follow , whether you 're planning a new kitchen entirely from scratch , or reorganizing an existing one .
this is the procedure to follow , whether you 're planning a new kitchen entirely from scratch , or reorganizing an [being] one .

Try to be as flexible as possible : it may be well worth moving , say , the cooker as little as 1 metre ( 3 ft ) from its existing position in order to create a better work flow .
try to be as flexible as possible : it may be well worth moving , say , the cooker as little as 1 metre ( 3 ft ) from its [being] position in order to create a better work flow .

For example , to increase working and manoeuvring space in an existing work triangle you could set up a second food preparation or cooking area with perhaps a microwave oven outside your main work area .
for example , to increase working and manoeuvring space in an [being] work triangle you could set up a second food preparation or cooking area with perhaps a microwave oven outside your main work area .

If you can not do everything at once , or want to start making staged improvements , either concentrate on your first priorities ( leaving space for the next stages ) or your worst problems-depending on whether you are planning a first-time kitchen or updating an existing one .
if you can not do everything at once , or want to start making staged improvements , either concentrate on your first priorities ( leaving space for the next stages ) or your worst problems-depending on whether you are planning a first-time kitchen or updating an [being] one .

Add character and charisma : if the room is quite large but lacks personality , simply change some of the existing pieces of furniture : replace the table with an old pine one and add some old pine chairs ( available in most junk shops ) ; swap some units for a pine dresser ; paint chairs cheerful colours ; replace posters with a cork or fabric-covered notice-board .
add character and charisma : if the room is quite large but lacks personality , simply change some of the [being] pieces of furniture : replace the table with an old pine one and add some old pine chairs ( available in most junk shops ) ; swap some units for a pine dresser ; paint chairs cheerful colours ; replace posters with a cork or fabric-covered notice-board .

First , however , you have to look at how to make the best use of existing space .
first , however , you have to look at how to make the best use of [being] space .

If you would like to have this sort of feel but do n't think your existing space is big enough , or light enough , or for one reason or another , does not seem to lend itself to such treatment , then consider the surrounding spaces .
if you would like to have this sort of feel but do n't think your [being] space is big enough , or light enough , or for one reason or another , does not seem to lend itself to such treatment , then consider the surrounding spaces .

Obviously existing kitchens can be made more efficient with more up-to-date equipment — bigger freezer and/or fridge , a dishwasher , waste disposal unit and so on — but only if the appliances work hard for you , save time and labour and generally make your particular way of life easier and more enjoyable .
obviously [being] kitchens can be made more efficient with more up-to-date equipment — bigger freezer and/or fridge , a dishwasher , waste disposal unit and so on — but only if the appliances work hard for you , save time and labour and generally make your particular way of life easier and more enjoyable .

Once you have thoroughly reorganized your existing storage you can look around for new surfaces to conquer .
once you have thoroughly reorganized your [being] storage you can look around for new surfaces to conquer .

Meeting their quota , their too-small-for-comfort quota , always with generosity , understanding and compassion , understanding as a group what the individual woman knows by instinct , that this child , by existing , keeps that other child out .
meeting their quota , their too-small-for-comfort quota , always with generosity , understanding and compassion , understanding as a group what the individual woman knows by instinct , that this child , by [being] , keeps that other child out .

Existing methods are mainly destructive .
[being] methods are mainly destructive .

In the United States the Anti-Trust laws have been used to break up existing private monopolies and prevent the formation of new monopolies through mergers of existing companies .
in the united states the anti-trust laws have been used to break up [being] private monopolies and prevent the formation of new monopolies through mergers of [being] companies .

Whether nationalization improves the efficiency of resource allocation , or whether we would do better to privatize existing public corporations , is an issue we take up the next chapter .
whether nationalization improves the efficiency of resource allocation , or whether we would do better to privatize [being] public corporations , is an issue we take up the next chapter .

In Chapter 10 we saw that existing oligopolists would have an incentive to advertise too much , not because advertising provides additional consumer information about the product , but because it raises the fixed cost of being in the industry , thereby making it harder for new firms to enter the industry .
in chapter 10 we saw that [being] oligopolists would have an incentive to advertise too much , not because advertising provides additional consumer information about the product , but because it raises the fixed cost of being in the industry , thereby making it harder for new firms to enter the industry .

They may also deliberately maintain extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by existing firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .
they may also deliberately maintain extra production capacity so that potential entrants can see that any attempt at entry will be matched by a sharp increase in production by [being] firms , forcing price reductions which in the short run will be unprofitable for all but which may bankrupt the entrant first .

Two existing firms can join together in two different ways .
two [being] firms can join together in two different ways .

Some issues remain to be discussed , most notably the questions of whether some industries should be nationalized or whether existing public sector industries should be privatized .
some issues remain to be discussed , most notably the questions of whether some industries should be nationalized or whether [being] public sector industries should be privatized .

First , why are markets so short-sighted and uninformed ? If existing lenders or trainers are getting it wrong , why do n't new firms come in and do a better job ? If the answer is entry barriers , this again demonstrates the close relation between industrial policy and competition policy .
first , why are markets so short-sighted and uninformed ? if [being] lenders or trainers are getting it wrong , why do n't new firms come in and do a better job ? if the answer is entry barriers , this again demonstrates the close relation between industrial policy and competition policy .

Before taking this as a general licence for an active industrial policy to manage change , governments must ask why the market is not doing a better job , and whether intervention can itself improve on the existing situation .
before taking this as a general licence for an active industrial policy to manage change , governments must ask why the market is not doing a better job , and whether intervention can itself improve on the [being] situation .

The 1978 changes were ( 1 ) the introduction of a required real rate of return of 5 per cent , not on new investment projects , as the test discount rate implied , but on existing capital assets , and ( 2 ) the introduction of cash limits for each industry , a target profit or loss specified by the government in the light of the industry 's circumstances .
the 1978 changes were ( 1 ) the introduction of a required real rate of return of 5 per cent , not on new investment projects , as the test discount rate implied , but on [being] capital assets , and ( 2 ) the introduction of cash limits for each industry , a target profit or loss specified by the government in the light of the industry 's circumstances .

Finally , incumbent managers have a lot of insider information about the true state of the firm , information that is not available to either existing shareholders or potential raiders .
finally , incumbent managers have a lot of insider information about the true state of the firm , information that is not available to either [being] shareholders or potential raiders .

Secondly , existing paper documents could be scanned into the computer enabling them to be further processed without the necessity of reproducing the original .
secondly , [being] paper documents could be scanned into the computer enabling them to be further processed without the necessity of reproducing the original .

Existing systems for performing text recognition are susceptible to errors .
[being] systems for performing text recognition are susceptible to errors .

is it recognised dynamically as a person writes or already existing text which is scanned in ) .
is it recognised dynamically as a person writes or already [being] text which is scanned in ) .

The second involves conversion of already existing paper documents into a format that the computer can process .
the second involves conversion of already [being] paper documents into a format that the computer can process .

There are three main sources of machine readable information : machine readable dictionaries , corpora and existing parsers .
there are three main sources of machine readable information : machine readable dictionaries , corpora and [being] parsers .

Corpora are becoming increasingly popular within linguistics to evaluate existing natural language systems , investigate the occurrence of linguistic features and the production of probabilistic models of language .
corpora are becoming increasingly popular within linguistics to evaluate [being] natural language systems , investigate the occurrence of linguistic features and the production of probabilistic models of language .

Existing parsers
[being] parsers

Rather than duplicate the work carried out in the creation of these parsers , the use of existing parsers should prove to be beneficial .
rather than duplicate the work carried out in the creation of these parsers , the use of [being] parsers should prove to be beneficial .

An ulterior motive for performing text recognition is to convert existing printed material into a computer format that permits further processing .
an ulterior motive for performing text recognition is to convert [being] printed material into a computer format that permits further processing .

Existing natural language systems take either the demo or the book approach ( Miller , 1985 ) .
[being] natural language systems take either the demo or the book approach ( miller , 1985 ) .

Book systems tend to derive their lexical information from existing machine readable dictionaries ( MRDs ) .
book systems tend to derive their lexical information from [being] machine readable dictionaries ( mrds ) .

Existing parsers encapsulate the linguistic intuitions of their developers .
[being] parsers encapsulate the linguistic intuitions of their developers .

Recent investigations into lexical ambiguity ( Church , 1988 ) have shown that although words are capable of existing in many syntactic categories , in reality the problem is not so widespread and words actually possess unique ‘ best ’ parts of speech .
recent investigations into lexical ambiguity ( church , 1988 ) have shown that although words are capable of [being] in many syntactic categories , in reality the problem is not so widespread and words actually possess unique ‘ best ’ parts of speech .

Unlike many generative systems which are developed from scratch , probabilistic systems tend to utilise existing resources .
unlike many generative systems which are developed from scratch , probabilistic systems tend to utilise [being] resources .

One of the main barriers between the development of general purpose systems has been that few existing systems can be re-used .
one of the main barriers between the development of general purpose systems has been that few [being] systems can be re-used .

Or they might extend the meaning of an existing word .
or they might extend the meaning of an [being] word .

Local councils , housing associations , and self-help groups should be enabled to buy suitable land for building at existing use value .
local councils , housing associations , and self-help groups should be enabled to buy suitable land for building at [being] use value .

Many of the workers hide through fear and ignorance , ( many of them are immigrants ) they are uncertain about their tax liabilities loss of existing benefits , their immigrant status .
many of the workers hide through fear and ignorance , ( many of them are immigrants ) they are uncertain about their tax liabilities loss of [being] benefits , their immigrant status .

We also want to increase funds for training and enterprise councils and would like an additional £675 million allocated to TECs to increase training quality in the existing programmes and provide an extra 71,500 places .
we also want to increase funds for training and enterprise councils and would like an additional £675 million allocated to tecs to increase training quality in the [being] programmes and provide an extra 71,500 places .

It has made it quite clear that it believes that the existing legislation can deal with such matters .
it has made it quite clear that it believes that the [being] legislation can deal with such matters .

Gentleman wants more and more bureaucratic institutions set up to do the work of existing institutions , he had better say so .
gentleman wants more and more bureaucratic institutions set up to do the work of [being] institutions , he had better say so .

One of the problems with the MacSharry proposals is that , instead of bringing agriculture closer to the market , they will perpetuate existing excessive levels of support for the majority of farmers .
one of the problems with the macsharry proposals is that , instead of bringing agriculture closer to the market , they will perpetuate [being] excessive levels of support for the majority of farmers .

As a Conservative Member asked in an intervention , if there is an adequate remedy under existing law , why is there a void in the current law in England and Wales ? Surely the Government must either say that the position in Scotland is essentially different from that in England and Wales or provide a timetable within which they will aim to introduce equivalent legislation in Scotland .
as a conservative member asked in an intervention , if there is an adequate remedy under [being] law , why is there a void in the current law in england and wales ? surely the government must either say that the position in scotland is essentially different from that in england and wales or provide a timetable within which they will aim to introduce equivalent legislation in scotland .

Until the first new pay and conditions order is made under the new Act , the 1987 Act needs to be kept in being for a very short time for a very specific and limited purpose to ensure that all teachers continue to be covered by the existing pay and conditions order made under that Act .
until the first new pay and conditions order is made under the new act , the 1987 act needs to be kept in being for a very short time for a very specific and limited purpose to ensure that all teachers continue to be covered by the [being] pay and conditions order made under that act .

Section 6 ( 3 ) of the 1987 Act provides for statutory conditions of service to continue to apply to existing contracts until new provision is made .
section 6 ( 3 ) of the 1987 act provides for statutory conditions of service to continue to apply to [being] contracts until new provision is made .

Coal-fired plants are mainly located inland , and very close to existing coalfields .
coal-fired plants are mainly located inland , and very close to [being] coalfields .

The only way in which to meet sulphur dioxide targets would be the adoption of a massive flue gas desulphurisation programme on existing coal-fired stations .
the only way in which to meet sulphur dioxide targets would be the adoption of a massive flue gas desulphurisation programme on [being] coal-fired stations .

Does my right hon. Friend accept that the one existing example of convergence in Europe is the convergence of west Germany and east Germany , which has resulted in the highest inflation and interest rates that Germany has ever had , and which is costing Britain at least 1.5 per cent . more in terms of our interest rate than would have been the case had the two countries remained separate ? What guarantee do we have that , when we have to converge with , for example , the Greeks , Portuguese and Italians , the money transferred from our pockets to theirs will not merely impoverish us and give money to those who have not earned it while we have to work harder for less and pay higher interest rates ?
does my right hon. friend accept that the one [being] example of convergence in europe is the convergence of west germany and east germany , which has resulted in the highest inflation and interest rates that germany has ever had , and which is costing britain at least 1.5 per cent . more in terms of our interest rate than would have been the case had the two countries remained separate ? what guarantee do we have that , when we have to converge with , for example , the greeks , portuguese and italians , the money transferred from our pockets to theirs will not merely impoverish us and give money to those who have not earned it while we have to work harder for less and pay higher interest rates ?

The Government recognise the importance of personal conscience in this context and included a measure of protection for existing shop workers against being made to work on Sundays in the Shops Bill which was debated by the House in 1986 .
the government recognise the importance of personal conscience in this context and included a measure of protection for [being] shop workers against being made to work on sundays in the shops bill which was debated by the house in 1986 .

As my right hon. Friend the Prime Minister has said many times , we should work as hard as we can in the heart of Europe to lead our partners away from the cause of Euro-dirigism and Euro-protectionism , which if allowed to develop under the influence of Madame Cresson and such people would render the entire Community less competitive in global markets and blight the prospects of the developing countries to the south and east of the existing Community .
as my right hon. friend the prime minister has said many times , we should work as hard as we can in the heart of europe to lead our partners away from the cause of euro-dirigism and euro-protectionism , which if allowed to develop under the influence of madame cresson and such people would render the entire community less competitive in global markets and blight the prospects of the developing countries to the south and east of the [being] community .

There are , of course , existing controls on the sales of knives .
there are , of course , [being] controls on the sales of knives .

Will my hon. Friend explain to the Minister that , in the trust in my area , newly trained nurses were told that there were no jobs for them ? In addition , the existing nurses , who were given undertakings when the trust was set up that their posts would be protected , are now being told that all their jobs are up for re-examination and that anyone seeking extra education will soon be told that someone else is waiting to take her position —
will my hon. friend explain to the minister that , in the trust in my area , newly trained nurses were told that there were no jobs for them ? in addition , the [being] nurses , who were given undertakings when the trust was set up that their posts would be protected , are now being told that all their jobs are up for re-examination and that anyone seeking extra education will soon be told that someone else is waiting to take her position —

Many of the amendments tabled by the Opposition fail to recognise the duties and regulatory powers in existing legislation and in the licences .
many of the amendments tabled by the opposition fail to recognise the duties and regulatory powers in [being] legislation and in the licences .

In the new document — The Patients ' Charter — there are listed seven existing rights ; the first of which states : Every citizen has the right to receive health care on the basis of clinical need regardless of the ability to pay ' .
in the new document — the patients ' charter — there are listed seven [being] rights ; the first of which states : every citizen has the right to receive health care on the basis of clinical need regardless of the ability to pay ' .

First , the existing position is unsatisfactory and should be changed .
first , the [being] position is unsatisfactory and should be changed .

First , even critics of privatisation have the greatest difficulty in defending the existing position .
first , even critics of privatisation have the greatest difficulty in defending the [being] position .

Originally , the Government and British Rail management said that there was no need for a dedicated rail route from the channel ports , and that we could manage with the existing railway infrastructure .
originally , the government and british rail management said that there was no need for a dedicated rail route from the channel ports , and that we could manage with the [being] railway infrastructure .

Does my right hon. Friend agree that the problem faced by the United Nations in recent decades has been entanglement in east-west confrontation and that at this stage of its development it does not need to embark on an extremely controversial and difficult period of structural reform but should make greater use not only of the United Nations charter but of the existing United Nations machinery ? Does my right hon. Friend also agree that we need greater United Nations intervention in the sovereign affairs of sovereign states — as in Iraq , where there is gross violation of human rights and massive oppression of minorities ?
does my right hon. friend agree that the problem faced by the united nations in recent decades has been entanglement in east-west confrontation and that at this stage of its development it does not need to embark on an extremely controversial and difficult period of structural reform but should make greater use not only of the united nations charter but of the [being] united nations machinery ? does my right hon. friend also agree that we need greater united nations intervention in the sovereign affairs of sovereign states — as in iraq , where there is gross violation of human rights and massive oppression of minorities ?

It builds on existing , more limited arrangements that we have already introduced , which rely on suitable cases being referred to an adjudication officer who considers whether it is in the interests of the claimant for direct payments to be made .
it builds on [being] , more limited arrangements that we have already introduced , which rely on suitable cases being referred to an adjudication officer who considers whether it is in the interests of the claimant for direct payments to be made .

All that can be achieved without necessarily retaining the existing office of the Secretary of State for Scotland .
all that can be achieved without necessarily retaining the [being] office of the secretary of state for scotland .

It is important to make it clear that , within the existing regime , if a safety representative has been victimised to the point of being unable to carry out his functions as a safety representative , the installation operator and owner would be in breach of the Offshore Installations ( Safety Representatives and Safety Committees )
it is important to make it clear that , within the [being] regime , if a safety representative has been victimised to the point of being unable to carry out his functions as a safety representative , the installation operator and owner would be in breach of the offshore installations ( safety representatives and safety committees )

As to where the money is to come from , it is true that the proposals will be funded from within my existing resources .
as to where the money is to come from , it is true that the proposals will be funded from within my [being] resources .

During the course of that discussion there was no way in which the Minister could do other than acknowledge that , after the Bill goes through , the existing privileged structure of adult basic education and further education in the county of Leicestershire can be other than damaged .
during the course of that discussion there was no way in which the minister could do other than acknowledge that , after the bill goes through , the [being] privileged structure of adult basic education and further education in the county of leicestershire can be other than damaged .

The County Council will seek the retention , improvement and increased use of all existing facilities and services for rail passenger transportion in the County by :
the county council will seek the retention , improvement and increased use of all [being] facilities and services for rail passenger transportion in the county by :

The greater use of existing private sidings and the introduction of new ones .
the greater use of [being] private sidings and the introduction of new ones .

The demand for this , coupled with the inability of existing railways and docks to deal with their output in addition to that already existing , led Davies to build his own port at Barry in 1884 with a railway to serve it , The Barry Docks and Railway Company in 1889 .
the demand for this , coupled with the inability of [being] railways and docks to deal with their output in addition to that already [being] , led davies to build his own port at barry in 1884 with a railway to serve it , the barry docks and railway company in 1889 .

That will speed up the existing time , which can be anything up to two to three years .
that will speed up the [being] time , which can be anything up to two to three years .

Friend 's request Scottish Enterprise has established a defence industries initiative to help businesses and local enterprise companies exploit existing defence markets and develop diversification strategies .
friend 's request scottish enterprise has established a defence industries initiative to help businesses and local enterprise companies exploit [being] defence markets and develop diversification strategies .

How can one expect inward investment when no assistance is given to our existing industries ?
how can one expect inward investment when no assistance is given to our [being] industries ?

My Department 's central estimate of reserves remaining in existing discoveries at 31 December 1985 was 1,230 million tonnes .
my department 's central estimate of reserves remaining in [being] discoveries at 31 december 1985 was 1,230 million tonnes .

Under the Electricity Act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . Will my hon. Friend discuss with the Office of Electricity Regulation the complaints of the Combined Heat and Power Association that existing regulations contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?
under the electricity act 1989 , the regulator is directed to monitor the progress of combined heat and power . will my hon. friend discuss with the office of electricity regulation the complaints of the combined heat and power association that [being] regulations contain barriers to the progress of combined heat and power , which should be removed ?

Would it not be helpful if we used existing machinery more effectively ? For example , the reciprocal legislation providing for extraterritorial jurisdiction does not seem much used .
would it not be helpful if we used [being] machinery more effectively ? for example , the reciprocal legislation providing for extraterritorial jurisdiction does not seem much used .

Hazardous and toxic waste not suitable for landfill in existing sites will continue to be transported for disposal at facilities in Great Britain .
hazardous and toxic waste not suitable for landfill in [being] sites will continue to be transported for disposal at facilities in great britain .

Gentleman suggests that the existing disciplinary systems within the services are inadequate .
gentleman suggests that the [being] disciplinary systems within the services are inadequate .

We will seek the adoption o the highest standards practicable for all laying hens when the existing Community legislation is reviewed next year .
we will seek the adoption o the highest standards practicable for all laying hens when the [being] community legislation is reviewed next year .

Will the Minister confirm that it is now five years since the Herald of Free Enterprise capsized , with tremendous loss of life , and two years since the committee for the research programme into the safety of roll on/roll off ferries said that something should be done about the safety of existing ferries — those built before 1990 ? The Minister has now said that it will be another seven years before everyone crossing the channel on holiday will be carried as safely as possible . Will he accept personal responsibility for any tragedies that occur in the meantime ?
will the minister confirm that it is now five years since the herald of free enterprise capsized , with tremendous loss of life , and two years since the committee for the research programme into the safety of roll on/roll off ferries said that something should be done about the safety of [being] ferries — those built before 1990 ? the minister has now said that it will be another seven years before everyone crossing the channel on holiday will be carried as safely as possible . will he accept personal responsibility for any tragedies that occur in the meantime ?

Is my hon. Friend aware of the dire state of the many east midlands machine tool companies ? Is he aware of the real problems over on-going research ? Will he consider some way to enable those firms to fund the costs of developing and bringing into use new and competitive machinery long before their existing equipment is out of date ?
is my hon. friend aware of the dire state of the many east midlands machine tool companies ? is he aware of the real problems over on-going research ? will he consider some way to enable those firms to fund the costs of developing and bringing into use new and competitive machinery long before their [being] equipment is out of date ?

Self-regulation in the City was meant to be a panacea which would solve most existing problems .
self-regulation in the city was meant to be a panacea which would solve most [being] problems .

The Prime Minister 's view of an expanded Europea , Community , composed of many states in eastern Europea together with existing members , is extremely attractive , but will he contrast that with the instability within the United Kingdom because the aspirations of a nationwide Scotland are frustrated by its being unable to secure its independence and membership of the Community ?
the prime minister 's view of an expanded europea , community , composed of many states in eastern europea together with [being] members , is extremely attractive , but will he contrast that with the instability within the united kingdom because the aspirations of a nationwide scotland are frustrated by its being unable to secure its independence and membership of the community ?

Will he exclude hospitals and existing road-building programmes from the calculations ?
will he exclude hospitals and [being] road-building programmes from the calculations ?

Will he turn his mind to the serious short-term problems : first , the problem that will be caused for the existing development project by the delayed decision on an enterprise zone and , secondly , the problem that the Lanarkshire development agency and Scottish Enterprise will have because of the Government 's obsession with annuality in the money that they give .
will he turn his mind to the serious short-term problems : first , the problem that will be caused for the [being] development project by the delayed decision on an enterprise zone and , secondly , the problem that the lanarkshire development agency and scottish enterprise will have because of the government 's obsession with annuality in the money that they give .

To ask the Secretary of State for Social Security what arrangements he has made to ensure that existing recipients of attendance allowance and mobility allowance receive disability living allowance in April .
to ask the secretary of state for social security what arrangements he has made to ensure that [being] recipients of attendance allowance and mobility allowance receive disability living allowance in april .

We are writing to all existing claimants to let them know how the change will affect them .
we are writing to all [being] claimants to let them know how the change will affect them .

We will shortly issue a draft planning policy guidance note on nature conservation which will expand and update our existing policies to promote nature conservation in all areas , including the green belts .
we will shortly issue a draft planning policy guidance note on nature conservation which will expand and update our [being] policies to promote nature conservation in all areas , including the green belts .

We have no plans to change the existing arrangements for the constitution of police authorities , where two thirds of the members are local councillors and one third are local magistrates .
we have no plans to change the [being] arrangements for the constitution of police authorities , where two thirds of the members are local councillors and one third are local magistrates .

The Opposition policy of seeking to stabilise emissions at 1990 levels by the year 2000 , while keeping the coal industry at its existing size , stopping the use of gas and phasing out nuclear electricity , is the mathematics of Bedlam — it just does not add up .
the opposition policy of seeking to stabilise emissions at 1990 levels by the year 2000 , while keeping the coal industry at its [being] size , stopping the use of gas and phasing out nuclear electricity , is the mathematics of bedlam — it just does not add up .

The existing own resources ceiling has plenty of room for further expenditure without increased resources being committed .
the [being] own resources ceiling has plenty of room for further expenditure without increased resources being committed .

Is it not clear that the substantial staged increases in respect of the existing bridge are being imposed simply to provide money for the second , privatised bridge ? Did the Welsh Office , because of the enormous blows to the location policy in Wales , bother to make representations against them ?
is it not clear that the substantial staged increases in respect of the [being] bridge are being imposed simply to provide money for the second , privatised bridge ? did the welsh office , because of the enormous blows to the location policy in wales , bother to make representations against them ?

In addition , since 1979 regional selective assistance worth £326 million has been committed to the north-west , creating more than 60,000 new jobs and safeguarding more than 60,000 existing jobs .
in addition , since 1979 regional selective assistance worth £326 million has been committed to the north-west , creating more than 60,000 new jobs and safeguarding more than 60,000 [being] jobs .

The matter could be dealt with speedily , by regulations under the existing legislation .
the matter could be dealt with speedily , by regulations under the [being] legislation .

The options for it are limited by the geography of the Thames valley , where the flood risk occurs , and existing development .
the options for it are limited by the geography of the thames valley , where the flood risk occurs , and [being] development .

The implication of such a decision is that freight will continue to be carried , as at present , on existing lines , with the intensified use of those lines possibly throughout the night .
the implication of such a decision is that freight will continue to be carried , as at present , on [being] lines , with the intensified use of those lines possibly throughout the night .

Thirdly , the accompanying redevelopment of Stratford town centre could draw trade and investment away from Hackney and sap the vitality of our existing shopping centres in Mare street and Kingsland road .
thirdly , the accompanying redevelopment of stratford town centre could draw trade and investment away from hackney and sap the vitality of our [being] shopping centres in mare street and kingsland road .

Because our course for abolishing the poll tax provides a guarantee that it can be done , because we shall pick up an existing system that we know will work .
because our course for abolishing the poll tax provides a guarantee that it can be done , because we shall pick up an [being] system that we know will work .

Indeed , Welsh councils are also unhappy about the fact that the Government have invented a new tax but that the councils are expected to foot part of the bill for its implementation from their existing resources .
indeed , welsh councils are also unhappy about the fact that the government have invented a new tax but that the councils are expected to foot part of the bill for its implementation from their [being] resources .

By referring to existing information .
by referring to [being] information .

They can make reasonable efforts by examining existing information or by carrying out a canvass .
they can make reasonable efforts by examining [being] information or by carrying out a canvass .

Therefore , we have decided that it would not be appropriate to introduce separate charges for sewerage and the provisions in the Bill for water and sewerage charges in Scotland will essentially maintain the existing system whereby regional and island councils set the appropriate levels .
therefore , we have decided that it would not be appropriate to introduce separate charges for sewerage and the provisions in the bill for water and sewerage charges in scotland will essentially maintain the [being] system whereby regional and island councils set the appropriate levels .

There may be some honesty there , but please do not let us hear from the Liberal Democrats that , if they vote against the Bill this evening , they have anything constructive to offer either existing coal miners or those displaced by restructuring .
there may be some honesty there , but please do not let us hear from the liberal democrats that , if they vote against the bill this evening , they have anything constructive to offer either [being] coal miners or those displaced by restructuring .

The longer-term leases which many brewers are insisting should replace existing tenancy agreements represent a different kind of lease with a different rental price on them .
the longer-term leases which many brewers are insisting should replace [being] tenancy agreements represent a different kind of lease with a different rental price on them .

So we are consulting on proposals to extend competition under existing legislation to more manual and direct services ; extend competition requirements to construction-related professional services such as architecture , engineering and property management ; and in the longer term , require core services such as legal , finance , personnel and computing services to be opened up to competition .
so we are consulting on proposals to extend competition under [being] legislation to more manual and direct services ; extend competition requirements to construction-related professional services such as architecture , engineering and property management ; and in the longer term , require core services such as legal , finance , personnel and computing services to be opened up to competition .

They are mere apologists for the existing system .
they are mere apologists for the [being] system .

The shop stewards said that , as a result of the rundown in defence expenditure , they were concerned that there would be redundancies under the Government 's existing programme .
the shop stewards said that , as a result of the rundown in defence expenditure , they were concerned that there would be redundancies under the government 's [being] programme .

It is a fundamental principle of the Bill that the impounded lake should permanently cover the existing mudflats .
it is a fundamental principle of the bill that the impounded lake should permanently cover the [being] mudflats .

It is only by placing the new station beneath the existing one that all the required rail connections can be made .
it is only by placing the new station beneath the [being] one that all the required rail connections can be made .

It has no existing direct links to the tunnel and could not function until a high-speed rail link was built , and that could be as late as the next century .
it has no [being] direct links to the tunnel and could not function until a high-speed rail link was built , and that could be as late as the next century .

For the first year of Society operation the existing style of ticket was used , but as time went on a superior style was adopted , and these included a range of Member 's tickets as well as Complimentary and Supplementary ones .
for the first year of society operation the [being] style of ticket was used , but as time went on a superior style was adopted , and these included a range of member 's tickets as well as complimentary and supplementary ones .

For nearly the whole distance between Lydham Heath ( the point of junction with the Branch to the town of Bishop 's Castle ) and Montgomery the completed line will pass through a rich agricultural district , containing a population nearly double that of the country occupied by the existing line , and the passenger traffic , from station to station , as well as to Craven Arms and the Cambrian Railway at Montgomery , will be proportionately larger .
for nearly the whole distance between lydham heath ( the point of junction with the branch to the town of bishop 's castle ) and montgomery the completed line will pass through a rich agricultural district , containing a population nearly double that of the country occupied by the [being] line , and the passenger traffic , from station to station , as well as to craven arms and the cambrian railway at montgomery , will be proportionately larger .

Within a humanist perception of language , therefore , was the ability to extend and supplement existing reality and to indicate a higher reality in a perfection phenomenally lost .
within a humanist perception of language , therefore , was the ability to extend and supplement [being] reality and to indicate a higher reality in a perfection phenomenally lost .

The reality of Cook 's visit came to be understood through a relation of the practical reference ( the ships arriving ) and the cultural sense ( what the ships ' arrival meant according to existing categories for interpreting experience ) .
the reality of cook 's visit came to be understood through a relation of the practical reference ( the ships arriving ) and the cultural sense ( what the ships ' arrival meant according to [being] categories for interpreting experience ) .

New Historicism 's usual response to this is to expand on Montrose 's point about the inevitability of critical partiality existing .
new historicism 's usual response to this is to expand on montrose 's point about the inevitability of critical partiality [being] .

New Historicism refuses to see texts as passive reflections of the cultural whole , but as interventions within it , fashioned by the whole but also re-fashioning the existing orders through which culture is written and understood .
new historicism refuses to see texts as passive reflections of the cultural whole , but as interventions within it , fashioned by the whole but also re-fashioning the [being] orders through which culture is written and understood .

‘ The goods which form the subject of a contract of sale may be either existing goods , owned or possessed by the seller , or goods to be manufactured or acquired by him after the making of the contract of sale , in this Act called ‘ future goods . ’ ’
‘ the goods which form the subject of a contract of sale may be either [being] goods , owned or possessed by the seller , or goods to be manufactured or acquired by him after the making of the contract of sale , in this act called ‘ future goods . ’ ’

However , major defects existing at the time of the sale are another matter .
however , major defects [being] at the time of the sale are another matter .

It is essential that existing use of the line is not only maintained but increased .
it is essential that [being] use of the line is not only maintained but increased .

They tend to take existing tranquility for granted — until it has gone .
they tend to take [being] tranquility for granted — until it has gone .

The plans are passed , but we still have to find the funds and the effort to do this job to the high standard of the existing museum .
the plans are passed , but we still have to find the funds and the effort to do this job to the high standard of the [being] museum .

Some of these dealings in ‘ futures ’ are but incidents in speculative manoeuvres ; but in the main they are governed by calculations of the world 's consumption on the one hand , and of the existing stocks and coming harvests in the Northern and Southern hemispheres on the other .
some of these dealings in ‘ futures ’ are but incidents in speculative manoeuvres ; but in the main they are governed by calculations of the world 's consumption on the one hand , and of the [being] stocks and coming harvests in the northern and southern hemispheres on the other .

That is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the existing aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production remaining unchanged .
that is , let us assume that this is the price the expectation of which will just suffice to maintain the [being] aggregate amount of production ; some firms meanwhile rising and increasing their output and others falling and diminishing theirs ; but the aggregate production remaining unchanged .

Example of external benefits attributed to keeping open existing pits are the preservation of mining communities and the benefits to future generations of having cheaply worked coal seams left to them .
example of external benefits attributed to keeping open [being] pits are the preservation of mining communities and the benefits to future generations of having cheaply worked coal seams left to them .

Competition is also related to the likelihood that new suppliers will enter the market if they perceive profit opportunities because the existing suppliers charge high prices or are x-inefficient and have high costs .
competition is also related to the likelihood that new suppliers will enter the market if they perceive profit opportunities because the [being] suppliers charge high prices or are x-inefficient and have high costs .

Firms can collude to fix prices , to restrict sales outlets , to enforce tie-in sales or refrain from advertising , to mention just some of the restrictive practices by which firms and labour organizations reduce competition between existing sellers and erect barriers to entry from new competition .
firms can collude to fix prices , to restrict sales outlets , to enforce tie-in sales or refrain from advertising , to mention just some of the restrictive practices by which firms and labour organizations reduce competition between [being] sellers and erect barriers to entry from new competition .

In short , ignorance of the decisions which others are in fact about to make may cause decision-makers to make unfortunate plans — either plans that are doomed to disappointment or plans which fail to exploit existing market opportunities .
in short , ignorance of the decisions which others are in fact about to make may cause decision-makers to make unfortunate plans — either plans that are doomed to disappointment or plans which fail to exploit [being] market opportunities .

[ … ] Competition , to the equilibrium price theorist , turned out to refer to a state of affairs into which so many competing participants have already entered that no room remains for additional entry ( or other modification of existing market conditions ) .
[ … ] competition , to the equilibrium price theorist , turned out to refer to a state of affairs into which so many competing participants have already entered that no room remains for additional entry ( or other modification of [being] market conditions ) .

In a market , bargaining is constrained by threats of imminent termination of any existing or proposed contracts ; opportunism is controlled by the readiness of people to sever their dealings with other resource owners ; and continuity of an agreement between people is not valued for its own sake : transactions are administered in an impersonal way , typified by the ‘ faceless ’ bargaining of competitive market models .
in a market , bargaining is constrained by threats of imminent termination of any [being] or proposed contracts ; opportunism is controlled by the readiness of people to sever their dealings with other resource owners ; and continuity of an agreement between people is not valued for its own sake : transactions are administered in an impersonal way , typified by the ‘ faceless ’ bargaining of competitive market models .

Deepening the Common Market , that is pressing forward with existing policies , had to compete with the claims of policy widening , such as new initiatives in regional and monetary policy .
deepening the common market , that is pressing forward with [being] policies , had to compete with the claims of policy widening , such as new initiatives in regional and monetary policy .

re-examining and evaluating existing applications of the approach with a view to bringing out what has been achieved that could not have been derived by other methods
re-examining and evaluating [being] applications of the approach with a view to bringing out what has been achieved that could not have been derived by other methods

The project will build upon existing knowledge in the following ways .
the project will build upon [being] knowledge in the following ways .

This project will address specifically identified methodological questions of a statistical nature that arise in the analysis of existing large and complex labour market data sets .
this project will address specifically identified methodological questions of a statistical nature that arise in the analysis of [being] large and complex labour market data sets .

THe aim of the study was to use three existing datasets to examine in detail the interaction of mothers and young children , and the means by which family difficulties are transmitted .
the aim of the study was to use three [being] datasets to examine in detail the interaction of mothers and young children , and the means by which family difficulties are transmitted .

The computational modelling approach will ‘ parallel distributed processing ’ architectures , and will be aimed at counting for a wide variety of existing empirical data .
the computational modelling approach will ‘ parallel distributed processing ’ architectures , and will be aimed at counting for a wide variety of [being] empirical data .

It is most important to understand the impact of divorce upon children and adolescents : some 170,000 children in England and Wales are dealt with each year under existing legislation relating to access and custody orders .
it is most important to understand the impact of divorce upon children and adolescents : some 170,000 children in england and wales are dealt with each year under [being] legislation relating to access and custody orders .

As with Building Regulations , changes in the Wiring Regulations are not retrospective and are intended for new installations , but substantial additions or alterations to a house 's wiring may mean making changes to an existing installation .
as with building regulations , changes in the wiring regulations are not retrospective and are intended for new installations , but substantial additions or alterations to a house 's wiring may mean making changes to an [being] installation .

Try replacing the existing radiator with a larger one ( double panel rather than single or one of large area ) and perhaps adding double glazing to the windows .
try replacing the [being] radiator with a larger one ( double panel rather than single or one of large area ) and perhaps adding double glazing to the windows .

Note also that you will need a special adaptor compression fitting when joining 22mm pipe to existing ¾in pipe .
note also that you will need a special adaptor compression fitting when joining 22mm pipe to [being] ¾in pipe .

For joining two pipes of the same size together . Slip connectors ( usually compression ) have no internal stops and can easily be inserted into existing pipe runs
for joining two pipes of the same size together . slip connectors ( usually compression ) have no internal stops and can easily be inserted into [being] pipe runs

To cut into an existing pipe for a tee , the amount to be removed ( b ) is the fitting length less twice the insertion distance ( a )
to cut into an [being] pipe for a tee , the amount to be removed ( b ) is the fitting length less twice the insertion distance ( a )

If you do remove all the existing lead plumbing inside the house , you will be left with a screwed connection on the main stopcock to connect to .
if you do remove all the [being] lead plumbing inside the house , you will be left with a screwed connection on the main stopcock to connect to .

Many existing taps with cross-head handles can be made to look like new ones with shrouded heads .
many [being] taps with cross-head handles can be made to look like new ones with shrouded heads .

Some tap conversion kits simply replace the existing handle with a new one ; others replace the spindle assembly and may well provide a replacement nylon seat .
some tap conversion kits simply replace the [being] handle with a new one ; others replace the spindle assembly and may well provide a replacement nylon seat .

If an existing cistern is too small , a second cistern can be installed alongside joined by two 28mm pipes at low level .
if an [being] cistern is too small , a second cistern can be installed alongside joined by two 28mm pipes at low level .

The trick is to get as much of the system installed as you can alongside the existing system so that you can change over all in one go .
the trick is to get as much of the system installed as you can alongside the [being] system so that you can change over all in one go .

There are two considerations : first , it must be positioned so that it can be connected easily to the existing stopcock and to the branch which feeds the drinking water tap in the kitchen ; second , it must be positioned so that it will not be subject to frost damage .
there are two considerations : first , it must be positioned so that it can be connected easily to the [being] stopcock and to the branch which feeds the drinking water tap in the kitchen ; second , it must be positioned so that it will not be subject to frost damage .

If you 're putting in new pipework , it might be easier to make all the holes before the cistern is taken up to the loft ; with a replacement cistern , it is important to make the holes in the correct position to take the existing pipes .
if you 're putting in new pipework , it might be easier to make all the holes before the cistern is taken up to the loft ; with a replacement cistern , it is important to make the holes in the correct position to take the [being] pipes .

Some existing ‘ boilers ’ used for hot water heating will , however , be back boilers which are situated behind gas or solid fuel fires in the main living room , which may mean significantly long — and inefficient — pipe runs .
some [being] ‘ boilers ’ used for hot water heating will , however , be back boilers which are situated behind gas or solid fuel fires in the main living room , which may mean significantly long — and inefficient — pipe runs .

The most likely reason for fitting a new copper hot water cylinder is that you want to replace an existing galvanised hot water tank .
the most likely reason for fitting a new copper hot water cylinder is that you want to replace an [being] galvanised hot water tank .

If you simply want to change a direct cylinder to an indirect one or to fit a cylinder with an immersion heater boss , there are ways of adapting an existing direct cylinder — see Upgrading cylinders ( page 52 ) .
if you simply want to change a direct cylinder to an indirect one or to fit a cylinder with an immersion heater boss , there are ways of adapting an [being] direct cylinder — see upgrading cylinders ( page 52 ) .

Existing direct cylinders can be upgraded to indirect — see below .
[being] direct cylinders can be upgraded to indirect — see below .

are there existing flues and/or outside walls to take balanced flues ?
are there [being] flues and/or outside walls to take balanced flues ?

Many existing systems which do n't already heat the hot water can be adapted to do so , but if yours ca n't ( an early warm air system , say ) or if you 're installing one of the few types of system that does n't also heat the hot water ( such as electric storage radiators ) , you will have to choose the hot water system .
many [being] systems which do n't already heat the hot water can be adapted to do so , but if yours ca n't ( an early warm air system , say ) or if you 're installing one of the few types of system that does n't also heat the hot water ( such as electric storage radiators ) , you will have to choose the hot water system .

If for any reason the existing trap on a basin , sink or bath needs replacing , it is best to replace the waste pipe at the same time if it is lead , although traps are available which can be connected to materials other than plastic .
if for any reason the [being] trap on a basin , sink or bath needs replacing , it is best to replace the waste pipe at the same time if it is lead , although traps are available which can be connected to materials other than plastic .

In order to connect 32mm , 40mm or 50mm waste pipe to an existing uPVC soil stack , a hole must be cut and a boss connected to it .
in order to connect 32mm , 40mm or 50mm waste pipe to an [being] upvc soil stack , a hole must be cut and a boss connected to it .

If there is an existing fitting with a spare 50mm boss socket , this can be drilled out and fitted with a boss connector of the appropriate size .
if there is an [being] fitting with a spare 50mm boss socket , this can be drilled out and fitted with a boss connector of the appropriate size .

Where there is an existing unused boss socket , this can be drilled out using a hole saw
where there is an [being] unused boss socket , this can be drilled out using a hole saw

Existing gullies can be modified by fitting a wire mesh over them with a hole cut to take the waste pipe .
[being] gullies can be modified by fitting a wire mesh over them with a hole cut to take the waste pipe .

Whether you are replacing an existing faulty drain or laying a new one , perhaps to lead from an extension , the major part of the job will be excavating the trench .
whether you are replacing an [being] faulty drain or laying a new one , perhaps to lead from an extension , the major part of the job will be excavating the trench .

To join a new length of pipe into an existing inspection chamber , you will have to break a hole in the wall of the chamber and chop away at the benching so that a new half channel can be laid to join up with the main channel .
to join a new length of pipe into an [being] inspection chamber , you will have to break a hole in the wall of the chamber and chop away at the benching so that a new half channel can be laid to join up with the main channel .

If the new inspection chamber is to be positioned over an existing clay drain , the difficulty is likely to be cutting into the existing drain .
if the new inspection chamber is to be positioned over an [being] clay drain , the difficulty is likely to be cutting into the [being] drain .

When planning a new extension to your house , it is more than likely that the best position for it will be right on top of the existing drains manhole covers .
when planning a new extension to your house , it is more than likely that the best position for it will be right on top of the [being] drains manhole covers .

He or she may say that the existing inspection chamber should be closed up and a new one installed outside the extension .
he or she may say that the [being] inspection chamber should be closed up and a new one installed outside the extension .

Break a hole into the existing inspection chamber and chop away the benching . Bed new pipe in mortar over the channel
break a hole into the [being] inspection chamber and chop away the benching . bed new pipe in mortar over the channel

Working out the length of guttering can be done at ground level ; calculate the length of downpipe by hanging a string from the existing gutters or downpipe .
working out the length of guttering can be done at ground level ; calculate the length of downpipe by hanging a string from the [being] gutters or downpipe .

Where existing downpipes are sound and disappear into , say , a concrete path , it may be easier to leave them in place and to fit the new system so that the outlet matches up with the top of the existing pipe : 68mm plastic pipe will fit into 2¼ in cast Iron pipe .
where [being] downpipes are sound and disappear into , say , a concrete path , it may be easier to leave them in place and to fit the new system so that the outlet matches up with the top of the [being] pipe : 68mm plastic pipe will fit into 2¼ in cast iron pipe .

If the gutter is to be joined to existing cast iron guttering ( next door 's , perhaps ) , the appropriate connector will be needed .
if the gutter is to be joined to [being] cast iron guttering ( next door 's , perhaps ) , the appropriate connector will be needed .

To join the new guttering to existing cast iron guttering , the appropriate adaptor must be used . Apply mastic and screw up
to join the new guttering to [being] cast iron guttering , the appropriate adaptor must be used . apply mastic and screw up

If the existing pipe discharges over or into a gully , a shoe supporting bracket should be screwed to the wall with zinc-plated screws ( this time 38mm [ 1½in ] No 10s ) and the shoe clipped into place .
if the [being] pipe discharges over or into a gully , a shoe supporting bracket should be screwed to the wall with zinc-plated screws ( this time 38mm [ 1½in ] no 10s ) and the shoe clipped into place .

New theories can be applied in the development and revision of existing schemes .
new theories can be applied in the development and revision of [being] schemes .

Further , because it is difficult to overhaul the basic structure of an enumerative scheme without complete revision of certain sections , it is necessary to add new subjects into the existing framework of relationships .
further , because it is difficult to overhaul the basic structure of an enumerative scheme without complete revision of certain sections , it is necessary to add new subjects into the [being] framework of relationships .

Especially if the new subject is one which upsets the previous structure of relationships , it will be difficult to fit into the existing order .
especially if the new subject is one which upsets the previous structure of relationships , it will be difficult to fit into the [being] order .

Work on the theory of classification has extended far beyond that which is evident from a study of existing classification schemes and the practice of library classification .
work on the theory of classification has extended far beyond that which is evident from a study of [being] classification schemes and the practice of library classification .

Generally , updating calls for the insertion of new topics within existing classes , but it should also be possible to insert a new main class if the need arises .
generally , updating calls for the insertion of new topics within [being] classes , but it should also be possible to insert a new main class if the need arises .

expansion , to permit the addition of new subjects or more specific subdivision of existing subjects ;
expansion , to permit the addition of new subjects or more specific subdivision of [being] subjects ;

Since the Root Thesaurus did not emerge until 1981 , it has not had a great impact on existing thesauri to date , but it could well be important in the future .
since the root thesaurus did not emerge until 1981 , it has not had a great impact on [being] thesauri to date , but it could well be important in the future .

The class struggle , it may be argued , has been moderated by the incorporation of the working class into a modified and reformed capitalism through the extension of political , social and economic rights , and the elaboration of a complex structure of contestation , bargaining and compromise within the existing form of society .
the class struggle , it may be argued , has been moderated by the incorporation of the working class into a modified and reformed capitalism through the extension of political , social and economic rights , and the elaboration of a complex structure of contestation , bargaining and compromise within the [being] form of society .

This has in fact occurred in the advanced capitalist countries , and one main consequence has been to limit industrial conflict primarily to economic issues , as against larger issues of the control of the enterprise , and to bring about a substantial degree of integration of workers into the existing mode of production .
this has in fact occurred in the advanced capitalist countries , and one main consequence has been to limit industrial conflict primarily to economic issues , as against larger issues of the control of the enterprise , and to bring about a substantial degree of integration of workers into the [being] mode of production .

Since the 1960s , when a number of new social movements — among them the student movement , various national and ethnic movements , and the women 's movement — became extremely active in political life , a great deal more attention has been given by sociologists to such forms of political action , which may be seen not only as constituting a basis or context for the development of more highly organized political activities , but also as political forces in their own right , existing alongside and sometimes in conflict with , established parties and pressure groups .
since the 1960s , when a number of new social movements — among them the student movement , various national and ethnic movements , and the women 's movement — became extremely active in political life , a great deal more attention has been given by sociologists to such forms of political action , which may be seen not only as constituting a basis or context for the development of more highly organized political activities , but also as political forces in their own right , [being] alongside and sometimes in conflict with , established parties and pressure groups .

They can , however , still be distinguished from organized political formations such as parties which are directly engaged in the struggle for power in the sense of seeking to retain or capture the government of some political unit , by the fact that social movements act in a more diffuse way and if they are successful establish only the preconditions for changes of policy or regime by bringing into question the legitimacy of the existing political system ( in part or in whole ) , creating a different climate of opinion , and proposing alternatives .
they can , however , still be distinguished from organized political formations such as parties which are directly engaged in the struggle for power in the sense of seeking to retain or capture the government of some political unit , by the fact that social movements act in a more diffuse way and if they are successful establish only the preconditions for changes of policy or regime by bringing into question the legitimacy of the [being] political system ( in part or in whole ) , creating a different climate of opinion , and proposing alternatives .

This idea of the innovative power of movements obviously owes a great deal to the events of the 1960s when there appeared quite suddenly large-scale movements expressing profound discontent with , and opposition to , the existing social and political order .
this idea of the innovative power of movements obviously owes a great deal to the events of the 1960s when there appeared quite suddenly large-scale movements expressing profound discontent with , and opposition to , the [being] social and political order .

At some point in its development it has to create more organized political groups , or convert or capture existing political organizations , which are able to engage directly in a struggle for power and have the capacity to use power when they have gained it in order to reconstruct society .
at some point in its development it has to create more organized political groups , or convert or capture [being] political organizations , which are able to engage directly in a struggle for power and have the capacity to use power when they have gained it in order to reconstruct society .

In the case of socialist parties , which gave the original impetus , the party was very largely an extension of an existing mass movement into the sphere of electoral politics , whereas conservative and liberal parties , which already had a strong representation in parliament and government , created their mass organization mainly from above , under the control of the parliamentary leaders .
in the case of socialist parties , which gave the original impetus , the party was very largely an extension of an [being] mass movement into the sphere of electoral politics , whereas conservative and liberal parties , which already had a strong representation in parliament and government , created their mass organization mainly from above , under the control of the parliamentary leaders .

The socialist parties thought of themselves as the avant-garde of a class which was striving to bring into existence a new kind of society , and for them the struggle for power of the working class was , in principle , more important than any existing institutions .
the socialist parties thought of themselves as the avant-garde of a class which was striving to bring into existence a new kind of society , and for them the struggle for power of the working class was , in principle , more important than any [being] institutions .

This distinction corresponds , to some extent , with that between ‘ reformist ’ and ‘ revolutionary ’ parties , the former being concerned to accommodate unavoidable changes ( if they are more conservative ) or to bring about desirable changes ( if they are more radical ) within an existing social and political order which is broadly accepted , while the latter aim to establish a new order .
this distinction corresponds , to some extent , with that between ‘ reformist ’ and ‘ revolutionary ’ parties , the former being concerned to accommodate unavoidable changes ( if they are more conservative ) or to bring about desirable changes ( if they are more radical ) within an [being] social and political order which is broadly accepted , while the latter aim to establish a new order .

On the other side , revolutionary parties may come to accept more of the existing social institutions than they did in their first enthusiastic advocacy of a brave new world .
on the other side , revolutionary parties may come to accept more of the [being] social institutions than they did in their first enthusiastic advocacy of a brave new world .

It would be better to say perhaps that electoral systems reinforce existing tendencies , because such systems are themselves the product of diverse constellations of political interests and parties , and of changes in those constellations .
it would be better to say perhaps that electoral systems reinforce [being] tendencies , because such systems are themselves the product of diverse constellations of political interests and parties , and of changes in those constellations .

In the older nation states , after the war , fascist parties disappeared ( although they have begun to re-emerge on a small scale in recent years ) , regional and nationalist parties have been formed within existing states , there has been a succession of new political parties ( and destruction of them by military intervention ) in Latin America , while in some European countries there has been a revival of liberal and ‘ centre ’ parties and the emergence of ‘ green ’ parties .
in the older nation states , after the war , fascist parties disappeared ( although they have begun to re-emerge on a small scale in recent years ) , regional and nationalist parties have been formed within [being] states , there has been a succession of new political parties ( and destruction of them by military intervention ) in latin america , while in some european countries there has been a revival of liberal and ‘ centre ’ parties and the emergence of ‘ green ’ parties .

But the theory still needs a general concept of the state , and this may be elaborated in such a way as to retain , covertly , the idea of ‘ stateless ’ societies existing at the beginning and end of a historical process .
but the theory still needs a general concept of the state , and this may be elaborated in such a way as to retain , covertly , the idea of ‘ stateless ’ societies [being] at the beginning and end of a historical process .

On both sides , however , these views may merge into others which are more starkly contrasted : the idea of a reformist path to socialism may be transformed into a total preoccupation with reforming the existing society and a virtual renunciation of socialism as the ultimate goal ; the revolutionary approach may develop into a rejection of every kind of struggle for reforms as being positively inimical to the growth of a revolutionary class consciousness , the adoption of a politique du pire and the expectation of a catastrophic breakdown of capitalism from which a band of dedicated revolutionaries will lead the masses into socialism .
on both sides , however , these views may merge into others which are more starkly contrasted : the idea of a reformist path to socialism may be transformed into a total preoccupation with reforming the [being] society and a virtual renunciation of socialism as the ultimate goal ; the revolutionary approach may develop into a rejection of every kind of struggle for reforms as being positively inimical to the growth of a revolutionary class consciousness , the adoption of a politique du pire and the expectation of a catastrophic breakdown of capitalism from which a band of dedicated revolutionaries will lead the masses into socialism .

All these movements have had before them as a model the existing nation states , and have been influenced by nationalist ideas already formulated and widely disseminated .
all these movements have had before them as a model the [being] nation states , and have been influenced by nationalist ideas already formulated and widely disseminated .

First , it was reformulated in theories of political development and modernization which were , however , more restricted in their scope in several ways ; by confining the notion of development largely to the ‘ developing countries ’ , and at the same time taking as their model of a ‘ modern ’ developed society the existing Western industrial countries , as if these countries had reached the limit of their historical development .
first , it was reformulated in theories of political development and modernization which were , however , more restricted in their scope in several ways ; by confining the notion of development largely to the ‘ developing countries ’ , and at the same time taking as their model of a ‘ modern ’ developed society the [being] western industrial countries , as if these countries had reached the limit of their historical development .

The French felt that the existing structure of power was illegitimate , and a clear majority would have been prepared to see an extension of worker control over management 's powers of decision … In contrast , the British workers showed a high level of contentment with the existing procedures of decision making .
the french felt that the [being] structure of power was illegitimate , and a clear majority would have been prepared to see an extension of worker control over management 's powers of decision … in contrast , the british workers showed a high level of contentment with the [being] procedures of decision making .

Thus there are quite wide variations in the political attitudes and involvement of workers ; and the form which these attitudes eventually take , among both white-collar and blue-collar workers , and in which they become embodied in trade union policies , will be crucial for the future development of the existing welfare states .
thus there are quite wide variations in the political attitudes and involvement of workers ; and the form which these attitudes eventually take , among both white-collar and blue-collar workers , and in which they become embodied in trade union policies , will be crucial for the future development of the [being] welfare states .

‘ … that he 'd continue to pay your existing contract — ’
‘ … that he 'd continue to pay your [being] contract — ’

Mentally , she gave an ironical bow to whatever maliciously sadistic fate had done this to them , throwing them together and adding this towering , ungovernable desire to the other emotions existing between them , the hatred and resentment on her side , contempt on Luke 's .
mentally , she gave an ironical bow to whatever maliciously sadistic fate had done this to them , throwing them together and adding this towering , ungovernable desire to the other emotions [being] between them , the hatred and resentment on her side , contempt on luke 's .

Maria made the decision to sacrifice a certain amount of advertising revenue and turn the radio station into a temporary community service , as other stations and television channels were doing , monitoring the situation and providing updates , broadcasting official government warnings and advice to those districts likely to be affected by after-shocks and urging their local listenership to donate blood against a possible depletion of existing supplies .
maria made the decision to sacrifice a certain amount of advertising revenue and turn the radio station into a temporary community service , as other stations and television channels were doing , monitoring the situation and providing updates , broadcasting official government warnings and advice to those districts likely to be affected by after-shocks and urging their local listenership to donate blood against a possible depletion of [being] supplies .

We are considering the effect of increasing an already existing corporate tax .
we are considering the effect of increasing an already [being] corporate tax .

Under fairly weak conditions , with only one decision variable , such a ‘ local ’ equilibrium can be shown to exist ( Kramer and Klevorick , 1974 ) , but whether it provides a persuasive resolution to the ‘ majority voting paradox ’ depends on the extent to which choices are limited to small perturbations of the existing situation .
under fairly weak conditions , with only one decision variable , such a ‘ local ’ equilibrium can be shown to exist ( kramer and klevorick , 1974 ) , but whether it provides a persuasive resolution to the ‘ majority voting paradox ’ depends on the extent to which choices are limited to small perturbations of the [being] situation .

When she 'd first moved in she had n't cared about anything , certainly not her surroundings — they had been the least of her problems — and if the villagers had n't so kindly donated her furnishings she 'd probably still be existing in empty rooms .
when she 'd first moved in she had n't cared about anything , certainly not her surroundings — they had been the least of her problems — and if the villagers had n't so kindly donated her furnishings she 'd probably still be [being] in empty rooms .

‘ No , you are n't ! No one who owns half of Australia can be ordinary ! And marriage is more than loving and caring and wanting to do things together . It 's existing side by side , sharing a sense of humour , a sense of the ridiculous ! It 's seeing me look like an old hag first thing in the morning and not minding ! It 's — ’
‘ no , you are n't ! no one who owns half of australia can be ordinary ! and marriage is more than loving and caring and wanting to do things together . it 's [being] side by side , sharing a sense of humour , a sense of the ridiculous ! it 's seeing me look like an old hag first thing in the morning and not minding ! it 's — ’

While the new order clearly meant that the Community law supplanted existing statute law , the concept that it should likewise override any later Acts of Parliament caused some legal debate , for it seemed to run contrary to the doctrine that no Parliament might bind its successors ( Howe , op .
while the new order clearly meant that the community law supplanted [being] statute law , the concept that it should likewise override any later acts of parliament caused some legal debate , for it seemed to run contrary to the doctrine that no parliament might bind its successors ( howe , op .

Community authority is greatly extended , both in existing areas and in new ones , including social policy , education and training , health , consumer protection , the environment , industry and culture .
community authority is greatly extended , both in [being] areas and in new ones , including social policy , education and training , health , consumer protection , the environment , industry and culture .

The fact that existing structures of policing ( or defence ) are more effective than what is proposed is less important than the principle that such matters should be the preserve of a united European Government .
the fact that [being] structures of policing ( or defence ) are more effective than what is proposed is less important than the principle that such matters should be the preserve of a united european government .

It will bring in several more Governments committed to Federalism and several millions of citizens opposed thereto , thus reflecting existing patterns within the Community .
it will bring in several more governments committed to federalism and several millions of citizens opposed thereto , thus reflecting [being] patterns within the community .

The admission of new members to a Europe which allows them to adopt common policies only where they are feasible and productive , and the consequent necessary institutional changes which will allow existing members this option , would bring about the effective development of a ‘ Europe of varying geometry ’ in a calm and deliberate fashion .
the admission of new members to a europe which allows them to adopt common policies only where they are feasible and productive , and the consequent necessary institutional changes which will allow [being] members this option , would bring about the effective development of a ‘ europe of varying geometry ’ in a calm and deliberate fashion .

Third , subsidiarity applies only to those areas which ‘ do not fall within the Community 's exclusive competence ’ , so it can not apply to vast areas of law , such as all internal-market measures and probably most of the existing social provisions which apply to the work-place .
third , subsidiarity applies only to those areas which ‘ do not fall within the community 's exclusive competence ’ , so it can not apply to vast areas of law , such as all internal-market measures and probably most of the [being] social provisions which apply to the work-place .

The Danish prime minister , Mr Poul Schlüter , has made it clear that he will not initiate a further referendum on the basis of the existing text .
the danish prime minister , mr poul schlüter , has made it clear that he will not initiate a further referendum on the basis of the [being] text .

Lucas argues that rational expectations implies that just such a dependence of the structure of many macroeconomic models on the policy regime is likely to exist , and that existing estimated macroeconomic models are likely to be quite misleading .
lucas argues that rational expectations implies that just such a dependence of the structure of many macroeconomic models on the policy regime is likely to exist , and that [being] estimated macroeconomic models are likely to be quite misleading .

They may therefore take up the offer more speedily than they otherwise would , or be more reluctant to leave their existing job to search for another job .
they may therefore take up the offer more speedily than they otherwise would , or be more reluctant to leave their [being] job to search for another job .

So the key issue here is really the fundamental one involved in the dispute between Keynes and the classical economists : is it adequate to regard certain superficial characteristics of existing wage contracts as given when analysing the consequences of alternative monetary and fiscal regimes ?
so the key issue here is really the fundamental one involved in the dispute between keynes and the classical economists : is it adequate to regard certain superficial characteristics of [being] wage contracts as given when analysing the consequences of alternative monetary and fiscal regimes ?

An extension of existing equilibrium models in this direction might well lead to interesting variations , but it seems to us unlikely that major modifications of the implications of these models for monetary and fiscal policy will follow from this .
an extension of [being] equilibrium models in this direction might well lead to interesting variations , but it seems to us unlikely that major modifications of the implications of these models for monetary and fiscal policy will follow from this .

They are a secret organisation existing in cells of six or seven .
they are a secret organisation [being] in cells of six or seven .

The quarterly change in wealth consists of two factors , new savings and revaluations to existing assets .
the quarterly change in wealth consists of two factors , new savings and revaluations to [being] assets .

Cements are the crystals which grow into existing pore spaces .
cements are the crystals which grow into [being] pore spaces .

Conformable cements may form as an overgrowth on existing grains within a sediment , in many places growing in optical continuity with a substrate of the same mineralogy ( e.g .
conformable cements may form as an overgrowth on [being] grains within a sediment , in many places growing in optical continuity with a substrate of the same mineralogy ( e.g .

Such corrosion may be selective , only affecting certain mineralogies , or non-selective , so that all existing minerals adjacent to pore spaces are corroded .
such corrosion may be selective , only affecting certain mineralogies , or non-selective , so that all [being] minerals adjacent to pore spaces are corroded .

If there is no later cementation , corrosion produces a more effective connection between pore spaces and thus enhances existing porosity , whether this be primary or secondary .
if there is no later cementation , corrosion produces a more effective connection between pore spaces and thus enhances [being] porosity , whether this be primary or secondary .

This enhanced porosity will only be effective if there is either a considerable proportion of the mineral , or minerals , susceptible to dissolution , so forming a connection between isolated intragranular pore spaces , or if there is an existing intergranular porosity .
this enhanced porosity will only be effective if there is either a considerable proportion of the mineral , or minerals , susceptible to dissolution , so forming a connection between isolated intragranular pore spaces , or if there is an [being] intergranular porosity .

Miller & gillies ( in press ) discussed the principles and practise of cement stratigraphy , especially the confused and varied terminology existing in the literature .
miller & gillies ( in press ) discussed the principles and practise of cement stratigraphy , especially the confused and varied terminology [being] in the literature .

In addition to the financing of each year 's new borrowing requirement , the Bank has also to consider the refinancing , by the issue of new debt , of that part of the existing National Debt which matures each year since the way in which this is done can affect both the liquidity of financial markets and the structure of interest rates .
in addition to the financing of each year 's new borrowing requirement , the bank has also to consider the refinancing , by the issue of new debt , of that part of the [being] national debt which matures each year since the way in which this is done can affect both the liquidity of financial markets and the structure of interest rates .

By contrast , selling long-term debt on a sufficient scale will lengthen the maturity structure of existing debt and will cause long-term rates to rise relative to short .
by contrast , selling long-term debt on a sufficient scale will lengthen the maturity structure of [being] debt and will cause long-term rates to rise relative to short .

While a new mortgage loan may typically be for twenty-five to thirty years , societies hold a portfolio of existing mortgages at various stages of maturity .
while a new mortgage loan may typically be for twenty-five to thirty years , societies hold a portfolio of [being] mortgages at various stages of maturity .

Figure 4.1 shows only the stock of existing assets .
figure 4.1 shows only the stock of [being] assets .

Private firms , by contrast , might find their existing workforce too small to pay for its existing pensioners or it might even go bankrupt .
private firms , by contrast , might find their [being] workforce too small to pay for its [being] pensioners or it might even go bankrupt .

Of the growth approximately 9.5bn came from the inflow of funds from contributions ; the difference ( -3.2bn ) reflects a 2 per cent fall in the value of existing assets .
of the growth approximately 9.5bn came from the inflow of funds from contributions ; the difference ( -3.2bn ) reflects a 2 per cent fall in the value of [being] assets .

This means that new savers can join the trust at any time , and that existing savers can increase their holdings of units .
this means that new savers can join the trust at any time , and that [being] savers can increase their holdings of units .

If the value of existing units has risen to 75p for example , new subscribers will ‘ buy ’ newly created units at 75p and the number they purchase will be equal to the amount they wish to invest divided by 75p .
if the value of [being] units has risen to 75p for example , new subscribers will ‘ buy ’ newly created units at 75p and the number they purchase will be equal to the amount they wish to invest divided by 75p .

Thus new savers can buy shares only from existing holders .
thus new savers can buy shares only from [being] holders .

From this reserve and from the immediate disposal of existing assets , trusts can make acquisitions of new assets .
from this reserve and from the immediate disposal of [being] assets , trusts can make acquisitions of new assets .

As we shall see in Chapter 6 , trading in existing stocks helps to maintain their liquidity , makes them attractive to savers and thereby lowers the cost to borrowers of raising new capital in this way .
as we shall see in chapter 6 , trading in [being] stocks helps to maintain their liquidity , makes them attractive to savers and thereby lowers the cost to borrowers of raising new capital in this way .

If it liquidated the trust , however , in order to hold the underlying assets directly , it would face liquidation costs including compensation to the existing management .
if it liquidated the trust , however , in order to hold the underlying assets directly , it would face liquidation costs including compensation to the [being] management .

Further inspection of the data would reveal that of this inflow 7.5bn was in the form of new shares and deposits while 6.9bn came from interest paid by borrowers and credited to existing deposits .
further inspection of the data would reveal that of this inflow 7.5bn was in the form of new shares and deposits while 6.9bn came from interest paid by borrowers and credited to [being] deposits .

The risk that payments might exceed existing money holdings for some unforeseen reason could prove very embarrassing .
the risk that payments might exceed [being] money holdings for some unforeseen reason could prove very embarrassing .

We shall see more formally why this is the case when we discuss bonds in Chapter 6 , but it is a relationship which is easy to grasp intuitively if we just consider the position of a holder of existing bills .
we shall see more formally why this is the case when we discuss bonds in chapter 6 , but it is a relationship which is easy to grasp intuitively if we just consider the position of a holder of [being] bills .

In the circumstances , ignoring transaction costs , it will pay existing holders to sell their old bills in order to buy the new , higher-yielding , instruments .
in the circumstances , ignoring transaction costs , it will pay [being] holders to sell their old bills in order to buy the new , higher-yielding , instruments .

The price of existing bills will therefore fall .
the price of [being] bills will therefore fall .

Eventually such a differential will be found at which buying the existing bills yields a rate of return similar to that available on new ones .
eventually such a differential will be found at which buying the [being] bills yields a rate of return similar to that available on new ones .

We have to take the supply of bills to be the existing stock because , as we said above , bills are securities which can be traded .
we have to take the supply of bills to be the [being] stock because , as we said above , bills are securities which can be traded .

People can buy and sell existing bills .
people can buy and sell [being] bills .

What is more the stock of existing bills is much larger than current flows and therefore most transactions will involve existing bills .
what is more the stock of [being] bills is much larger than current flows and therefore most transactions will involve [being] bills .

This expresses the willingness of buyers of bills to hold the existing stock .
this expresses the willingness of buyers of bills to hold the [being] stock .

Notice that this is in effect a guarantee to supply the quantity of monetary base necessary to support the existing level of bank lending .
notice that this is in effect a guarantee to supply the quantity of monetary base necessary to support the [being] level of bank lending .

5.2 , the discount market is no longer willing ( is no longer able ) to hold the existing stock of bills .
5.2 , the discount market is no longer willing ( is no longer able ) to hold the [being] stock of bills .

Appointed to review the pattern of full-time higher education in Great Britain , and advise on its long-term development , this committee commissioned extensive new research and examination of existing research .
appointed to review the pattern of full-time higher education in great britain , and advise on its long-term development , this committee commissioned extensive new research and examination of [being] research .

It introduced the concept of ‘ special educational needs ’ , recommending that it replace categorisation of children by the ten existing statutory categories of handicap .
it introduced the concept of ‘ special educational needs ’ , recommending that it replace categorisation of children by the ten [being] statutory categories of handicap .

The aim of this Act was to provide elementary schools throughout the country , filling the gaps in the existing provision established by the churches , private benefactors and guilds .
the aim of this act was to provide elementary schools throughout the country , filling the gaps in the [being] provision established by the churches , private benefactors and guilds .

The 1902 Act established a system of secondary education as the 1870 Act had done for elementary education , by filling the gaps in the existing provision with non-denominational state schools ( they were not free until 1944 ) .
the 1902 act established a system of secondary education as the 1870 act had done for elementary education , by filling the gaps in the [being] provision with non-denominational state schools ( they were not free until 1944 ) .

The new LEAs took over the responsibility to provide adequate facilities for elementary education and in addition were authorised to provide ‘ education other than elementary ’ , either by setting up new secondary schools or by aiding existing ones in their area .
the new leas took over the responsibility to provide adequate facilities for elementary education and in addition were authorised to provide ‘ education other than elementary ’ , either by setting up new secondary schools or by aiding [being] ones in their area .

They were given powers to ensure adequate elementary and higher education within their areas ; and provision was made for existing schools to transfer to these new authorities .
they were given powers to ensure adequate elementary and higher education within their areas ; and provision was made for [being] schools to transfer to these new authorities .

Existing responsibilities of LEAs ( under the direction of the Secretary of State ) for controlled schools were extended to apply to middle schools .
[being] responsibilities of leas ( under the direction of the secretary of state ) for controlled schools were extended to apply to middle schools .

The first allowed LEAs to establish comprehensive schools , and to convert existing schools into middle schools .
the first allowed leas to establish comprehensive schools , and to convert [being] schools into middle schools .

It replaced the previous categories of handicap with the concept of special educational needs , defined as existing where a child has significantly greater difficulty in learning than the majority of children of the same age , or has a disability that prevents or hinders him or her from using the educational facilities normally available .
it replaced the previous categories of handicap with the concept of special educational needs , defined as [being] where a child has significantly greater difficulty in learning than the majority of children of the same age , or has a disability that prevents or hinders him or her from using the educational facilities normally available .

Of these , six are ‘ ancient ’ ( Oxford , Cambridge , St Andrew 's , Glasgow , Aberdeen and Edinburgh ) , and 31 are ‘ new ’ ( established since 1945 — often on the basis of an existing institution of higher education ) .
of these , six are ‘ ancient ’ ( oxford , cambridge , st andrew 's , glasgow , aberdeen and edinburgh ) , and 31 are ‘ new ’ ( established since 1945 — often on the basis of an [being] institution of higher education ) .

In England , Wales and Northern Ireland , the government , while unifying some of these ( see below : Business and Technician Education Council ; Joint Board for Pre-vocational Education ) , plans to preserve much of the existing range and variety of qualifications , though setting them in a more coherent and intelligible framework ( see below : National Council for Vocational Qualifications ) .
in england , wales and northern ireland , the government , while unifying some of these ( see below : business and technician education council ; joint board for pre-vocational education ) , plans to preserve much of the [being] range and variety of qualifications , though setting them in a more coherent and intelligible framework ( see below : national council for vocational qualifications ) .

Without the consent of the latter neither the succession to the throne nor the territorial limits of the Grand Duchy were to be changed ; nor was war to be declared or existing legislation altered .
without the consent of the latter neither the succession to the throne nor the territorial limits of the grand duchy were to be changed ; nor was war to be declared or [being] legislation altered .

No other Foreign Office grew with the speed of those of France and Russia ; but in almost every European State existing arrangements for the central control of foreign policy became more complex and efficient .
no other foreign office grew with the speed of those of france and russia ; but in almost every european state [being] arrangements for the central control of foreign policy became more complex and efficient .

This involved most notably a stress on the power of economic forces to overcome existing divisions between States .
this involved most notably a stress on the power of economic forces to overcome [being] divisions between states .

The Opojaz group , as its full title implies ( The Society for the Study of Poetic Language ) consisted of students of literature who were united both by a dissatisfaction with existing forms of literary study and by a positive interest in the poetry of the Russian Futurists .
the opojaz group , as its full title implies ( the society for the study of poetic language ) consisted of students of literature who were united both by a dissatisfaction with [being] forms of literary study and by a positive interest in the poetry of the russian futurists .

It is therefore of enormous interest to examine the means by which it did so ; for it emerged not in order to correct to revise an existing literary theory , but in order to make possible the very notion of such a thing .
it is therefore of enormous interest to examine the means by which it did so ; for it emerged not in order to correct to revise an [being] literary theory , but in order to make possible the very notion of such a thing .

Form is made perceptible against a background of existing literary form , and the function of a device is determined not just by the structural hierarchy of a particular work , but by its place in the literary system as a whole .
form is made perceptible against a background of [being] literary form , and the function of a device is determined not just by the structural hierarchy of a particular work , but by its place in the literary system as a whole .

This occurs , following the Formalist principle of defamiliarization , when existing linguistic or literary practice ( a ‘ norm ’ ) is violated at one level or another of a text 's structure , which then itself becomes dominant .
this occurs , following the formalist principle of defamiliarization , when [being] linguistic or literary practice ( a ‘ norm ’ ) is violated at one level or another of a text 's structure , which then itself becomes dominant .

As Mukařovský wrote ( Garvin 1964 : 22 ) : The task of the structuralist analyst is therefore to identify deviations from existing linguistic and literary practice ( ‘ norms ’ ) occurring at one level of the text ( say its syntax ) , and then relate the structure of this level to that of the other levels ( rhythm , syllable-structure , aspects of subject matter , etc . )
as mukařovský wrote ( garvin 1964 : 22 ) : the task of the structuralist analyst is therefore to identify deviations from [being] linguistic and literary practice ( ‘ norms ’ ) occurring at one level of the text ( say its syntax ) , and then relate the structure of this level to that of the other levels ( rhythm , syllable-structure , aspects of subject matter , etc . )

For , as he says in the introduction to his essay on the tales of Henry James , ‘ criticism seeks to interpret a particular work , while structuralism , for its part , is a scientific method implying an interest in impersonal laws and forms , of which existing objects are only the realizations , ( 1973 : 73 ) .
for , as he says in the introduction to his essay on the tales of henry james , ‘ criticism seeks to interpret a particular work , while structuralism , for its part , is a scientific method implying an interest in impersonal laws and forms , of which [being] objects are only the realizations , ( 1973 : 73 ) .

Saussure does say that the two are as inseparable as the two sides of a single sheet of paper , but the very existence of the terms themselves implies the possibility of an independent signified existing prior to its signifier , and therefore capable of being represented by more than one signifier .
saussure does say that the two are as inseparable as the two sides of a single sheet of paper , but the very existence of the terms themselves implies the possibility of an independent signified [being] prior to its signifier , and therefore capable of being represented by more than one signifier .

He was concerned that parents would want to see their children doing ‘ real ’ maths , and advised injecting investigations into the existing syllabus instead .
he was concerned that parents would want to see their children doing ‘ real ’ maths , and advised injecting investigations into the [being] syllabus instead .

One of the questions raised ( see also above , p. 202 and below p. 650 ) was whether the plaintiffs had given consideration to the defendants by promising to perform an existing contract between the plaintiffs and a third party , Fu Chip , in the performance of which the defendants had an interest .
one of the questions raised ( see also above , p. 202 and below p. 650 ) was whether the plaintiffs had given consideration to the defendants by promising to perform an [being] contract between the plaintiffs and a third party , fu chip , in the performance of which the defendants had an interest .

‘ An agreement to do an act which the promisor is under an existing obligation to a third party to do , may quite well amount to valid consideration … the promisee obtains the benefit of a direct obligation … This proposition is illustrated and supported by Scotson v. Pegg ( supra ) which their Lordships consider to be good law . ’
‘ an agreement to do an act which the promisor is under an [being] obligation to a third party to do , may quite well amount to valid consideration … the promisee obtains the benefit of a direct obligation … this proposition is illustrated and supported by scotson v. pegg ( supra ) which their lordships consider to be good law . ’

It will be noted that in the passage cited from The Eurymedon , above , p. 229 , the Privy Council regarded the promise to perform the existing agreement as consideration and that Lord Scarman made no distinction between the performance of , and the promise to perform , the existing obligation .
it will be noted that in the passage cited from the eurymedon , above , p. 229 , the privy council regarded the promise to perform the [being] agreement as consideration and that lord scarman made no distinction between the performance of , and the promise to perform , the [being] obligation .

The defence was that there was no consideration for the promise because the plaintiff was bound by his existing contract to assist in sailing the ship .
the defence was that there was no consideration for the promise because the plaintiff was bound by his [being] contract to assist in sailing the ship .

was void for lack of consideration was based on the well-known principle that a promise by one party to fulfil his existing contractual duty towards his other contracting party is not good consideration : he relied on the well-known case of Stilk v. Myrick for this submission .
was void for lack of consideration was based on the well-known principle that a promise by one party to fulfil his [being] contractual duty towards his other contracting party is not good consideration : he relied on the well-known case of stilk v. myrick for this submission .

The first , concerned with the objectives of professional development , has at one pole the intention to improve existing practices , whilst at its other is the desire to make radical changes to classroom practice .
the first , concerned with the objectives of professional development , has at one pole the intention to improve [being] practices , whilst at its other is the desire to make radical changes to classroom practice .

Response to art at this level demands both a willingness and a capacity to go beyond obvious and conventional ways of perceiving and a preparedness to accommodate and restructure existing concepts and patterns of relationships .
response to art at this level demands both a willingness and a capacity to go beyond obvious and conventional ways of perceiving and a preparedness to accommodate and restructure [being] concepts and patterns of relationships .

In the schema aesthetic there is a parallel search for similarities although here it is between the incoming data and existing information already stored in memory .
in the schema aesthetic there is a parallel search for similarities although here it is between the incoming data and [being] information already stored in memory .

It requires motivation towards making new connections as a way of resolving existing ambiguity .
it requires motivation towards making new connections as a way of resolving [being] ambiguity .

In less experienced viewers the perceptual cycle centred much more upon attempts to confirm existing hypotheses than upon exploration .
in less experienced viewers the perceptual cycle centred much more upon attempts to confirm [being] hypotheses than upon exploration .

One pattern often referred to is the series of dog-legs many parish boundaries have , which shows that the boundaries follow existing or former blocks of strips in the open fields .
one pattern often referred to is the series of dog-legs many parish boundaries have , which shows that the boundaries follow [being] or former blocks of strips in the open fields .

In 1967 Maurice Beresford published New Towns of the Middle Ages and established beyond reasonable doubt that large numbers , certainly hundreds , of towns had been created de novo in the early Middle Ages on green field sites or next to existing villages .
in 1967 maurice beresford published new towns of the middle ages and established beyond reasonable doubt that large numbers , certainly hundreds , of towns had been created de novo in the early middle ages on green field sites or next to [being] villages .

Change is also implicit in the idea of polyfocal villages , since the suggestion is that such plans are produced by filling in properties between existing or earlier centres .
change is also implicit in the idea of polyfocal villages , since the suggestion is that such plans are produced by filling in properties between [being] or earlier centres .

The drop in school leavers means that employers are anxious to keep existing staff for as long as possible .
the drop in school leavers means that employers are anxious to keep [being] staff for as long as possible .

This was naturally unpopular with the existing brewers and in Hertfordshire , new regulations were put in place , restricting the numbers of ale houses and their opening hours .
this was naturally unpopular with the [being] brewers and in hertfordshire , new regulations were put in place , restricting the numbers of ale houses and their opening hours .

The existing path through the golf course is unformed , and gets very muddy in wet conditions .
the [being] path through the golf course is unformed , and gets very muddy in wet conditions .

to remove existing 80-metre fence at west end and replace with new fence to allow full 2-metre width ( old fence to be removed at start of works ; new fence to go in on completion , to allow dumpers to manoevre while work is in progress . It is possible that concrete foundations for a boundary wall will be laid at the same time by the adjacent landowner ) ;
to remove [being] 80-metre fence at west end and replace with new fence to allow full 2-metre width ( old fence to be removed at start of works ; new fence to go in on completion , to allow dumpers to manoevre while work is in progress . it is possible that concrete foundations for a boundary wall will be laid at the same time by the adjacent landowner ) ;

What is needed therefore is central government legislation requiring new owners to preserve existing access rights — and encouraging them to provide more .
what is needed therefore is central government legislation requiring new owners to preserve [being] access rights — and encouraging them to provide more .

These offer unique technical advantages over existing materials and will provide new market opportunities for our San Diego facility .
these offer unique technical advantages over [being] materials and will provide new market opportunities for our san diego facility .

The materials research programme encompasses a range of technologies aimed not only at supporting existing businesses , but also at the development of new ones .
the materials research programme encompasses a range of technologies aimed not only at supporting [being] businesses , but also at the development of new ones .

The property assets shown below were valued by independent professional valuers in the years shown on the basis of open market value for existing use or depreciated replacement cost whichever is considered the more appropriate basis of valuation .
the property assets shown below were valued by independent professional valuers in the years shown on the basis of open market value for [being] use or depreciated replacement cost whichever is considered the more appropriate basis of valuation .

In some localities distant from estate centres , often around the edges of existing tenures , the polyptych-surveyors listed mansi absi — literally `` absent manses `` .
in some localities distant from estate centres , often around the edges of [being] tenures , the polyptych-surveyors listed mansi absi — literally `` absent manses `` .

Hence the mansi remained absi , in the sense of not having a dwelling on them , since those who worked them came out from existing farms and it was from those that dues were paid .
hence the mansi remained absi , in the sense of not having a dwelling on them , since those who worked them came out from [being] farms and it was from those that dues were paid .

This distribution , as Map 4 shows , extended an existing regional concentration of minting in the north-eastern part of Charles 's kingdom .
this distribution , as map 4 shows , extended an [being] regional concentration of minting in the north-eastern part of charles 's kingdom .

From the standpoint of Louis 's existing sons , it was a provocative act .
from the standpoint of louis 's [being] sons , it was a provocative act .

The existing problems of traffic congestion in the village will be exacerbated .
the [being] problems of traffic congestion in the village will be exacerbated .

They would still like to have some toddler swings for the playing field and as an interim measure it was suggested that one of the existing swings should be fitted with a suitable toddler seat .
they would still like to have some toddler swings for the playing field and as an interim measure it was suggested that one of the [being] swings should be fitted with a suitable toddler seat .

The proposed dwelling is out of keeping with the nearby existing dwellings and will detract from the character of the stone archway and The Lodge .
the proposed dwelling is out of keeping with the nearby [being] dwellings and will detract from the character of the stone archway and the lodge .

Existing use ( question 7 ) is shown as ‘ Garden Ground ’ ; it was felt that ‘ remaining area of former woodland ’ would be a more appropriate description .
[being] use ( question 7 ) is shown as ‘ garden ground ’ ; it was felt that ‘ remaining area of former woodland ’ would be a more appropriate description .

It is at grass roots level that teachers can best foster the development of existing good practice , identify specific professional needs , challenge their own attitudes , assumptions and values and analyse their practice .
it is at grass roots level that teachers can best foster the development of [being] good practice , identify specific professional needs , challenge their own attitudes , assumptions and values and analyse their practice .

Changing existing values is the key which opens the door of change .
changing [being] values is the key which opens the door of change .

All twelve speakers were fitted behind existing factory speaker locations or behind the existing upholstery of the car .
all twelve speakers were fitted behind [being] factory speaker locations or behind the [being] upholstery of the car .

Organising big gigs like Loch Lomond and Murrayfield would add more worries to the existing day to day running of a band , but Marlene takes it all in her stride and escapes from it by going to Skye where she ‘ gets away from the phones ! ’
organising big gigs like loch lomond and murrayfield would add more worries to the [being] day to day running of a band , but marlene takes it all in her stride and escapes from it by going to skye where she ‘ gets away from the phones ! ’

Through intensive management training , its objective is to increase the business performance of existing companies in regeneration areas .
through intensive management training , its objective is to increase the business performance of [being] companies in regeneration areas .

The former Garden Festival site offers an excellent opportunity to attract new companies to the city and to provide existing firms with high quality new accommodation .
the former garden festival site offers an excellent opportunity to attract new companies to the city and to provide [being] firms with high quality new accommodation .

Attracting new operations to Glasgow , securing second round expansion of recent arrivals and retaining existing operations , all contribute to the economic development of the city .
attracting new operations to glasgow , securing second round expansion of recent arrivals and retaining [being] operations , all contribute to the economic development of the city .

The Army Personnel Centre , safeguarding 300 existing jobs in Glasgow and promising a further 1,000 new jobs , is clearly the most significant .
the army personnel centre , safeguarding 300 [being] jobs in glasgow and promising a further 1,000 new jobs , is clearly the most significant .

Retaining existing jobs is as important as attracting new ones .
retaining [being] jobs is as important as attracting new ones .

On the manpower side , we will also direct our efforts to ensuring there is a highly skilled workforce available to meet the needs of existing Glasgow companies and those choosing to locate in the city .
on the manpower side , we will also direct our efforts to ensuring there is a highly skilled workforce available to meet the needs of [being] glasgow companies and those choosing to locate in the city .

It is only by developing new companies , helping existing companies to survive and grow , and attracting new operations to the city that sustained employment opportunities will be created .
it is only by developing new companies , helping [being] companies to survive and grow , and attracting new operations to the city that sustained employment opportunities will be created .

While this organ could and did assume the executive functions of a provisional government , its creation did not resolve two crucial problems : what roles were the existing political parties and the mass of the population to play in the New State .
while this organ could and did assume the executive functions of a provisional government , its creation did not resolve two crucial problems : what roles were the [being] political parties and the mass of the population to play in the new state .

The second option was to make one single party out of the existing political organizations .
the second option was to make one single party out of the [being] political organizations .

Moreover , far from excluding anyone , this would be a way of including the existing membership of the individual groupings .
moreover , far from excluding anyone , this would be a way of including the [being] membership of the individual groupings .

By the end of the 1950s , however , the failure of autarchy as an economic programme had made it necessary to seek other options , and these implied at least the modification of the existing political framework .
by the end of the 1950s , however , the failure of autarchy as an economic programme had made it necessary to seek other options , and these implied at least the modification of the [being] political framework .

Yet , the one does not preclude the other : this course would be only one extra input into Christian Aid 's existing funding of action/reflection in the Third World .
yet , the one does not preclude the other : this course would be only one extra input into christian aid 's [being] funding of action/reflection in the third world .

If an exemplary phase is not included , then greater responsibility falls on existing university staff , and on Christian Aid staff , to inform , consult and recruit — both in writing and when visiting .
if an exemplary phase is not included , then greater responsibility falls on [being] university staff , and on christian aid staff , to inform , consult and recruit — both in writing and when visiting .

1.3.1 Teachers , moderators and subject assessors had expressed the view that there was a need for extending continuity and progression of the existing module .
1.3.1 teachers , moderators and subject assessors had expressed the view that there was a need for extending continuity and progression of the [being] module .

to acquire new practical or cognitive skills or to update existing skills .
to acquire new practical or cognitive skills or to update [being] skills .

This indicates which of the revised modules replace existing modules .
this indicates which of the revised modules replace [being] modules .

allows students to relate new ideas and concepts to existing knowledge ;
allows students to relate new ideas and concepts to [being] knowledge ;

Yet though the witches bring his already existing ambition out they can not be completely blamed for his downfall and degeneration as it this , his own ambition which eventually takes him over and turns him into a psychopath , killing merely out of feeling and without reason .
yet though the witches bring his already [being] ambition out they can not be completely blamed for his downfall and degeneration as it this , his own ambition which eventually takes him over and turns him into a psychopath , killing merely out of feeling and without reason .

Existing employment law in turn has failed to protect the employment expectations of disabled people .
[being] employment law in turn has failed to protect the employment expectations of disabled people .

making existing facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .
making [being] facilities used by employees readily accessible to and usable by individuals with disabilities ; and … job restructuring , part-time or modified work schedules , reassignment to a vacant position , acquisition or modification of equipment or devices , appropriate adjustment or modifications of examinations , training materials or policies , the provision of qualified readers or interpreters , and other similar accommodations for individuals with disabilities .

Upon the introduction of a new institution it is commonplace for analogies to be drawn with existing institutions .
upon the introduction of a new institution it is commonplace for analogies to be drawn with [being] institutions .

Otis , the well-known lift manufacturer , had encouraged the employer in 1979 to refine an existing Otis patent relating to lift door detector units .
otis , the well-known lift manufacturer , had encouraged the employer in 1979 to refine an [being] otis patent relating to lift door detector units .

Notably , the quality threshold is tied to the employer 's existing exploitation of the patented invention .
notably , the quality threshold is tied to the employer 's [being] exploitation of the patented invention .

There is also the possibility that the invention represents only a modest ( but nonetheless patented ) improvement on the employer 's existing products ; hence it may take several years simply to recoup the research and development costs .
there is also the possibility that the invention represents only a modest ( but nonetheless patented ) improvement on the employer 's [being] products ; hence it may take several years simply to recoup the research and development costs .

The essence of the matter was stated in the first sentence of Article 613 : ‘ when an enterprise or a part of an enterprise is transferred to another owner ( sic ) as a result of a legal transaction , the latter shall succeed to the rights and obligations under the contracts of employment existing at the date of the transfer ’ ( my translation ) .
the essence of the matter was stated in the first sentence of article 613 : ‘ when an enterprise or a part of an enterprise is transferred to another owner ( sic ) as a result of a legal transaction , the latter shall succeed to the rights and obligations under the contracts of employment [being] at the date of the transfer ’ ( my translation ) .

Review curricula of existing courses relevant to Engineers and Risk Issues in the light of current and changing future needs .
review curricula of [being] courses relevant to engineers and risk issues in the light of current and changing future needs .

Guideline 2 , The Law below therefore briefly discusses the implications for conduct within the existing legal framework , and Guideline 3 , Conduct ( page 11 ) expands on the requirements of professional codes .
guideline 2 , the law below therefore briefly discusses the implications for conduct within the [being] legal framework , and guideline 3 , conduct ( page 11 ) expands on the requirements of professional codes .

Where necessary , they should also seek to improve the existing communication systems .
where necessary , they should also seek to improve the [being] communication systems .

care should be taken when comparing risk figures of an existing process against those of a proposed new process .
care should be taken when comparing risk figures of an [being] process against those of a proposed new process .

They fell victims , along with others , to the belief that if a building complied with the existing building regulations and Codes of Practice it must be deemed to be safe .
they fell victims , along with others , to the belief that if a building complied with the [being] building regulations and codes of practice it must be deemed to be safe .

Essentially his proposals were a rationalisation of existing insurance schemes , based on the time-honoured principle of contributions from employee , employer and the State .
essentially his proposals were a rationalisation of [being] insurance schemes , based on the time-honoured principle of contributions from employee , employer and the state .

Why did the manner of its interpretation mirror the existing grammar school education of 20 % of twelve-year-olds rather than the needs of the rest , the majority ?
why did the manner of its interpretation mirror the [being] grammar school education of 20 % of twelve-year-olds rather than the needs of the rest , the majority ?

The result was to move towards increasing the secondary school population , especially from the poor but intelligent children kept out by existing provision .
the result was to move towards increasing the secondary school population , especially from the poor but intelligent children kept out by [being] provision .

Both Wallace and Gosden have shown how the interests of existing secondary education were maintained at the Board , ‘ in the national interest ’ , against the demand for multilateral schooling , which came from those most concerned with the education of the majority of eleven-to-fourteen-year-olds in the elementary and technical sections , as they were then called .
both wallace and gosden have shown how the interests of [being] secondary education were maintained at the board , ‘ in the national interest ’ , against the demand for multilateral schooling , which came from those most concerned with the education of the majority of eleven-to-fourteen-year-olds in the elementary and technical sections , as they were then called .

The existing age of transfer was to be kept at eleven to keep the time in grammar school to at least four years , since the ‘ new ’ school leaving age was to be fifteen .
the [being] age of transfer was to be kept at eleven to keep the time in grammar school to at least four years , since the ‘ new ’ school leaving age was to be fifteen .

The immediate effect was to make local authorities examine their existing provision .
the immediate effect was to make local authorities examine their [being] provision .

At the same time existing children of eleven to fourteen had to be assessed for their placing in secondary education .
at the same time [being] children of eleven to fourteen had to be assessed for their placing in secondary education .

The instruments already used for the special place exam were the easiest to adopt , and existing eleven-to-fourteen-year-olds took the exam for reallocation .
the instruments already used for the special place exam were the easiest to adopt , and [being] eleven-to-fourteen-year-olds took the exam for reallocation .

The result was that the existing grammar-secondary modern division was further embedded .
the result was that the [being] grammar-secondary modern division was further embedded .

The novel techniques that had appeared represented a refinement of existing procedures , in particular the development of school record cards .
the novel techniques that had appeared represented a refinement of [being] procedures , in particular the development of school record cards .

Projections of secondary school population , let alone the entire existing school population , were often arbitrary .
projections of secondary school population , let alone the entire [being] school population , were often arbitrary .

This had argued , dogmatically and with no scientific evidence , that there were three types of child mind — the academic , the practical , and the non-verbal — which was , as contemporaries pointed out , happily coincident with existing types of school .
this had argued , dogmatically and with no scientific evidence , that there were three types of child mind — the academic , the practical , and the non-verbal — which was , as contemporaries pointed out , happily coincident with [being] types of school .

Lessons in ‘ intelligence ’ were added in many junior schools to the existing basics of English and arithmetic .
lessons in ‘ intelligence ’ were added in many junior schools to the [being] basics of english and arithmetic .

The effect of the development plan programme was to lay existing procedures bare , to make them explicit and visible to every citizen , not just the interested parties , parents and teachers .
the effect of the development plan programme was to lay [being] procedures bare , to make them explicit and visible to every citizen , not just the interested parties , parents and teachers .

The report had initially been commissioned by Arthur Greenwood when he was in the War Cabinet : its purpose had been to recommend measures to consolidate existing welfare provisions , which tended to vary from one scheme to another .
the report had initially been commissioned by arthur greenwood when he was in the war cabinet : its purpose had been to recommend measures to consolidate [being] welfare provisions , which tended to vary from one scheme to another .

However , schema-consistent information is assumed to be more easy to integrate into existing memory structures and more likely to be subsequently recalled since active schema guide and cue the retrieval process ( Brewer & Treyens , 1981 ) .
however , schema-consistent information is assumed to be more easy to integrate into [being] memory structures and more likely to be subsequently recalled since active schema guide and cue the retrieval process ( brewer & treyens , 1981 ) .

To reduce them , we are improving our capital efficiency ( the return on every dollar invested ) , increasing our recovery from existing fields and focusing our exploration expenditure more sharply on areas likely to yield substantial volumes of hydrocarbons at low cost .
to reduce them , we are improving our capital efficiency ( the return on every dollar invested ) , increasing our recovery from [being] fields and focusing our exploration expenditure more sharply on areas likely to yield substantial volumes of hydrocarbons at low cost .

Our future production will also come from incremental projects , linked to existing fields and using the infrastructure already in place .
our future production will also come from incremental projects , linked to [being] fields and using the infrastructure already in place .

If you intend to continue storing petroleum spirit you must complete the enclosed renewal application form and return it to this address before the date of expiry of your existing licence .
if you intend to continue storing petroleum spirit you must complete the enclosed renewal application form and return it to this address before the date of expiry of your [being] licence .

If you intend to discontinue storage you must notify your intention in writing to this office , in accordance with the conditions of your existing licence , in order that the necessary safety measures may be seen to .
if you intend to discontinue storage you must notify your intention in writing to this office , in accordance with the conditions of your [being] licence , in order that the necessary safety measures may be seen to .

that it would be suitable to display the exhibition , and whether or not it can be readily supervised by existing staff ;
that it would be suitable to display the exhibition , and whether or not it can be readily supervised by [being] staff ;

3 Your terms and conditions of employment ( including certain provisions relating to your working conditions ) are covered by existing collective agreements negotiated and agreed with a specified trade union or unions ( see paragraph 12 below ) recognised by the Council for collective bargaining purposes in respect of the employment group to which you belong .
3 your terms and conditions of employment ( including certain provisions relating to your working conditions ) are covered by [being] collective agreements negotiated and agreed with a specified trade union or unions ( see paragraph 12 below ) recognised by the council for collective bargaining purposes in respect of the employment group to which you belong .

Constructed the additional manhole at hte south end of the overflow chamber , connecting the existing manhole at the Saltworks development to the new system .
constructed the additional manhole at hte south end of the overflow chamber , connecting the [being] manhole at the saltworks development to the new system .

Carried out granolithic benching work to the existing chambers on Outfalls 7 and 9 .
carried out granolithic benching work to the [being] chambers on outfalls 7 and 9 .

The existing populatin served by the works excluding Harthill is 115,000 and about 202,750 population equivalent allowing for industry .
the [being] populatin served by the works excluding harthill is 115,000 and about 202,750 population equivalent allowing for industry .

As part of the re–organisation negotiations a revised working rota , attendance hours and bonus scheme has been worked out to ensure that existing employees contractual earnings are protected
as part of the re–organisation negotiations a revised working rota , attendance hours and bonus scheme has been worked out to ensure that [being] employees contractual earnings are protected

Work has started on a £5.3 million project for Netherhall Educational Association to demolish existing premises at Netherhall Gardens and build a school building , two accommodation blocks and a conference centre .
work has started on a £5.3 million project for netherhall educational association to demolish [being] premises at netherhall gardens and build a school building , two accommodation blocks and a conference centre .

Work will include demolition and reconstruction of the building 's first six storeys , demolition of the existing roof to create five further storeys , demolition and reconstruction of basements , alterations and reconstruction of office floors , demolition of internal walls , floors , ceiling finishes , plant rooms and all existing mechanical and electrical services , installation of new services stripping external glazed panels and mosaic tiles and re-cladding with granite/glass curtain walling .
work will include demolition and reconstruction of the building 's first six storeys , demolition of the [being] roof to create five further storeys , demolition and reconstruction of basements , alterations and reconstruction of office floors , demolition of internal walls , floors , ceiling finishes , plant rooms and all [being] mechanical and electrical services , installation of new services stripping external glazed panels and mosaic tiles and re-cladding with granite/glass curtain walling .

With plans formulated , Kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . As well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , Kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by ensuring that any existing trees or features of natural beauty
with plans formulated , kate is then allocated a budget to cover all aspects of the landscaping . as well as buying the necessary trees , shrubs , paving , fencing and seating required , kate also gives attention to retaining the character of each site by ensuring that any [being] trees or features of natural beauty

The contract involves sampling , analysis and assessment at more than 200 waste disposal points throughout central London and its surrounding boroughs , including existing and former landfills , transfer stations and public tipping sites
the contract involves sampling , analysis and assessment at more than 200 waste disposal points throughout central london and its surrounding boroughs , including [being] and former landfills , transfer stations and public tipping sites

Diane says : ‘ Quite often we build within an existing community and will retain its name .
diane says : ‘ quite often we build within an [being] community and will retain its name .

The job involves installing new dockside container crane tracks , a 180 metre by 40 metre berth — constructed using precast concrete blocks of up to 40 tonnes in weight — and a 470 metres sea wall across the entrance to a bay adjacent to the existing port .
the job involves installing new dockside container crane tracks , a 180 metre by 40 metre berth — constructed using precast concrete blocks of up to 40 tonnes in weight — and a 470 metres sea wall across the entrance to a bay adjacent to the [being] port .

Just around the corner from Wimpey 's headquarters in Hammersmith , London & South East region has successfully combined old with new in a £ project to build a new science block and refurbish existing facilities at the Sacred Heart School .
just around the corner from wimpey 's headquarters in hammersmith , london & south east region has successfully combined old with new in a £ project to build a new science block and refurbish [being] facilities at the sacred heart school .

The first was to complete the new science block next to the existing school in a design which mirrors its Grade 11 listed architecture .
the first was to complete the new science block next to the [being] school in a design which mirrors its grade 11 listed architecture .

As a result Wimpey 's architects have incorporated the Superspec characteristics into two of the company 's existing four-bedroom house types — the Blyth and the Farndale — both of which are available at West Moor .
as a result wimpey 's architects have incorporated the superspec characteristics into two of the company 's [being] four-bedroom house types — the blyth and the farndale — both of which are available at west moor .

We are fortunate to be working in a part of the Group which has the opportunity to expand its activities , both in existing markets and into new ones .
we are fortunate to be working in a part of the group which has the opportunity to expand its activities , both in [being] markets and into new ones .

What is clear beyond doubt is that the level of intensional entities can not be identified with any level or world of objectively existing referents ; ( 25 ) is a perfectly coherent remark despite the fact that the speaker explicitly denies the existence of one of the principal participants in it : ( 25 ) If Jack had married , his wife would now be the dowager duchess of Luntshire
what is clear beyond doubt is that the level of intensional entities can not be identified with any level or world of objectively [being] referents ; ( 25 ) is a perfectly coherent remark despite the fact that the speaker explicitly denies the existence of one of the principal participants in it : ( 25 ) if jack had married , his wife would now be the dowager duchess of luntshire

Let us now consider ( 39 ) where the word plastered follows its noun ( again , an attributive interpretation is possible in principle — Clara might be an offensively wealthy tourist who travels round Italy trying to buy buildings and parts of buildings to take home as souvenirs ; but we shall assume that this meaning can safely be left out of account ) : ( 39 ) Clara wants the façade plastered It at once becomes apparent that this may specify either an event , with the façade on the receiving end of it , or a state which Clara wishes to see existing in the façade .
let us now consider ( 39 ) where the word plastered follows its noun ( again , an attributive interpretation is possible in principle — clara might be an offensively wealthy tourist who travels round italy trying to buy buildings and parts of buildings to take home as souvenirs ; but we shall assume that this meaning can safely be left out of account ) : ( 39 ) clara wants the façade plastered it at once becomes apparent that this may specify either an event , with the façade on the receiving end of it , or a state which clara wishes to see [being] in the façade .

But , before delegation of cases to local judges could take place on a wide scale , there needed to be a manual of existing canon law as recognized in the West .
but , before delegation of cases to local judges could take place on a wide scale , there needed to be a manual of [being] canon law as recognized in the west .

The literature of Scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the Scottish Journal of Geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in existing journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as Precambrian Research , Chemical Geology , Tectonophysics , and similar publications .
the literature of scottish geology , however , whilst it has grown in terms of numbers of papers , has not resulted in any increase in the numbers of journals devoted to it ( except for the scottish journal of geology ) , but has grown by taking up more space in [being] journals , and by expanding into areas covered by new , multidisciplinary journals , such as precambrian research , chemical geology , tectonophysics , and similar publications .

They also advocated the use of social survey methods of research to show , accurately and in considerable detail , the actual extent and character of existing social conditions in a way that would be difficult to challenge .
they also advocated the use of social survey methods of research to show , accurately and in considerable detail , the actual extent and character of [being] social conditions in a way that would be difficult to challenge .

Observers noted that some changes , such as that which enabled President Fidel Castro to declare a state of emergency , and appoint himself leader of the National Defence Council in such an event , merely institutionalized already existing situations .
observers noted that some changes , such as that which enabled president fidel castro to declare a state of emergency , and appoint himself leader of the national defence council in such an event , merely institutionalized already [being] situations .

Existing Czechoslovak embassies would continue to represent both countries in major countries `` such as the Twelve [ European Community countries ] `` .
[being] czechoslovak embassies would continue to represent both countries in major countries `` such as the twelve [ european community countries ] `` .

Existing Czechoslovak embassies would continue to represent both countries in major countries `` such as the Twelve [ European Community countries ] `` .
[being] czechoslovak embassies would continue to represent both countries in major countries `` such as the twelve [ european community countries ] `` .

Freeze on new building contracts — Cancellation of existing contracts
freeze on new building contracts — cancellation of [being] contracts

This reportedly affected up to 3,000 homes in some 12 West Bank settlements — some existing ones and some new settlements ) .
this reportedly affected up to 3,000 homes in some 12 west bank settlements — some [being] ones and some new settlements ) .

Legislation approved by the National Assembly on July 16 supplemented the existing Emergency Laws by giving the authorities additional powers to confront illegal Islamic fundamentalist organizations .
legislation approved by the national assembly on july 16 supplemented the [being] emergency laws by giving the authorities additional powers to confront illegal islamic fundamentalist organizations .

Under the 1987 Philippines Constitution , once the existing bases agreement expired , `` foreign military bases , troops or facilities shall not be allowed in the Philippines except under a treaty duly concurred in by the Senate [ upper house of parliament ] … and recognized as a treaty by the other contracting state `` .
under the 1987 philippines constitution , once the [being] bases agreement expired , `` foreign military bases , troops or facilities shall not be allowed in the philippines except under a treaty duly concurred in by the senate [ upper house of parliament ] … and recognized as a treaty by the other contracting state `` .

Conceding that the widespread use of abortion under the existing legislation was a `` social catastrophe `` , the Democratic Union nevertheless regarded the draft legislation as draconian , and argued that abortion legislation should be reviewed in the context of overhauling social policy and of encouraging greater personal responsibility .
conceding that the widespread use of abortion under the [being] legislation was a `` social catastrophe `` , the democratic union nevertheless regarded the draft legislation as draconian , and argued that abortion legislation should be reviewed in the context of overhauling social policy and of encouraging greater personal responsibility .

The government launched a review of national security arrangements with a view to `` rectifying any existing deficiencies `` .
the government launched a review of national security arrangements with a view to `` rectifying any [being] deficiencies `` .

The last time a net surplus in global lending had been recorded was in 1983 , when rising levels of bank interest and a strong dollar had left many commodity-dependent countries unable to service their existing obligations .
the last time a net surplus in global lending had been recorded was in 1983 , when rising levels of bank interest and a strong dollar had left many commodity-dependent countries unable to service their [being] obligations .

They would be introduced from July 1992 for new models ; existing models would have to be adapted by October 1993 .
they would be introduced from july 1992 for new models ; [being] models would have to be adapted by october 1993 .

The bilateral agreement signed by Klaus and Meciar in July had foreseen dissolution of the existing state by Sept. 30 , but left several issues unresolved [ see p. 39015 ] .
the bilateral agreement signed by klaus and meciar in july had foreseen dissolution of the [being] state by sept. 30 , but left several issues unresolved [ see p. 39015 ] .

On the evening of Jan. 12 it was announced that the existing six-member High Security Council had that day , by virtue of a mandate to preserve continuity given it by the Constitutional Council , resolved `` that it is impossible to continue the election process until the necessary conditions are fulfilled for the normal functioning of institutions `` .
on the evening of jan. 12 it was announced that the [being] six-member high security council had that day , by virtue of a mandate to preserve continuity given it by the constitutional council , resolved `` that it is impossible to continue the election process until the necessary conditions are fulfilled for the normal functioning of institutions `` .

These included ( i ) a 90-day moratorium on new federal regulations which could hamper growth , and a fundamental review of all existing regulations ; ( ii ) an instruction to all Cabinet departments and federal agencies `` to speed up pro-growth expenditure `` , which would infuse an extra $ 10,000 million into the economy in the next six months ; ( iii ) a change in the federal tax withholding schedules which would stimulate domestic demand by returning some $ 25,000 million to the economy over the next 12 months ; and ( iv ) a commitment to work with the Federal Reserve Board to hold down interest rates and inflation .
these included ( i ) a 90-day moratorium on new federal regulations which could hamper growth , and a fundamental review of all [being] regulations ; ( ii ) an instruction to all cabinet departments and federal agencies `` to speed up pro-growth expenditure `` , which would infuse an extra $ 10,000 million into the economy in the next six months ; ( iii ) a change in the federal tax withholding schedules which would stimulate domestic demand by returning some $ 25,000 million to the economy over the next 12 months ; and ( iv ) a commitment to work with the federal reserve board to hold down interest rates and inflation .

The budget package suggested that these , together with other mild fiscal stimuli , would be paid for — without violating the existing budget rules — by spending cuts , a higher budget deficit , and a change in the method of accounting .
the budget package suggested that these , together with other mild fiscal stimuli , would be paid for — without violating the [being] budget rules — by spending cuts , a higher budget deficit , and a change in the method of accounting .

In addition , the legislature was to be altered from the existing bicameral system [ see pp .
in addition , the legislature was to be altered from the [being] bicameral system [ see pp .

Lithuania and Poland signed in Vilnius , the Lithuanian capital , on Jan. 13 a Declaration on Friendly Relations and Neighbourly Co-operation , recognizing the existing Lithuanian-Polish border and guaranteeing respect for human rights , non-interference in internal affairs , and avoidance of the use of force .
lithuania and poland signed in vilnius , the lithuanian capital , on jan. 13 a declaration on friendly relations and neighbourly co-operation , recognizing the [being] lithuanian-polish border and guaranteeing respect for human rights , non-interference in internal affairs , and avoidance of the use of force .

In a statement on Aug. 19 Yanayev informed heads of state that the emergency measures in the Soviet Union were temporary and would not affect her international obligations under existing treaties .
in a statement on aug. 19 yanayev informed heads of state that the emergency measures in the soviet union were temporary and would not affect her international obligations under [being] treaties .

Until the election of a Prime Minister and the creation of a transitional government , the existing government , under the control of the conference , retained responsibility for day-to-day activities .
until the election of a prime minister and the creation of a transitional government , the [being] government , under the control of the conference , retained responsibility for day-to-day activities .

Under existing law only victims of racial discrimination were eligible for such damages .
under [being] law only victims of racial discrimination were eligible for such damages .

In an apparent attempt to codify existing practice , the bill exempted `` traditional counterintelligence activities `` , `` traditional diplomatic or military activities `` , `` traditional law enforcement activities `` and `` activities the primary purpose of which is to acquire intelligence `` .
in an apparent attempt to codify [being] practice , the bill exempted `` traditional counterintelligence activities `` , `` traditional diplomatic or military activities `` , `` traditional law enforcement activities `` and `` activities the primary purpose of which is to acquire intelligence `` .

The statement was also allegedly intended to calm the high level of irritation and dissatisfaction existing in the ranks .
the statement was also allegedly intended to calm the high level of irritation and dissatisfaction [being] in the ranks .

Widespread public consternation resulted from a presidential decree of Jan. 22 declaring that , effective from Jan. 23 , existing Rbs50 and Rbs100 banknotes ( the highest denominations ) would no longer be legal tender .
widespread public consternation resulted from a presidential decree of jan. 22 declaring that , effective from jan. 23 , [being] rbs50 and rbs100 banknotes ( the highest denominations ) would no longer be legal tender .

An existing protocol to the Treaty effectively excluded this , declaring : `` Nothing in the Treaty … shall affect the application in Ireland of Article 40.3.3 of the Constitution of Ireland [ guaranteeing the `` equal right to life `` of both mother and foetus ] `` .
an [being] protocol to the treaty effectively excluded this , declaring : `` nothing in the treaty … shall affect the application in ireland of article 40.3.3 of the constitution of ireland [ guaranteeing the `` equal right to life `` of both mother and foetus ] `` .

The European Council is convinced that harmonious development of the Union over the coming years depends to a considerable degree on the strict application to existing and future legislation of the principle of subsidiarity by all the institutions . ``
the european council is convinced that harmonious development of the union over the coming years depends to a considerable degree on the strict application to [being] and future legislation of the principle of subsidiarity by all the institutions . ``

Rabin indicated that a Labour government would favour working out an offer of autonomy for the Palestinians and would freeze settlements in the occupied territories , although he would insist on retaining `` in principle `` the right to strengthen existing settlements in East Jerusalem , the Golan Heights and the Jordan Valley .
rabin indicated that a labour government would favour working out an offer of autonomy for the palestinians and would freeze settlements in the occupied territories , although he would insist on retaining `` in principle `` the right to strengthen [being] settlements in east jerusalem , the golan heights and the jordan valley .

On June 17 the authorities published the text of new regulations which tightened existing restrictions on demonstrations .
on june 17 the authorities published the text of new regulations which tightened [being] restrictions on demonstrations .

On May 12 , following a visit by Iranian President Rafsanjani to Turkmenistan for the Central Asian summit [ see p. 38917 ] , agreements were announced ( i ) to construct a gas pipeline to Europe via Iran and Turkey ( existing pipelines ran to Russia and Ukraine ) ; and ( ii ) on transport , banking and trade .
on may 12 , following a visit by iranian president rafsanjani to turkmenistan for the central asian summit [ see p. 38917 ] , agreements were announced ( i ) to construct a gas pipeline to europe via iran and turkey ( [being] pipelines ran to russia and ukraine ) ; and ( ii ) on transport , banking and trade .

The unification treaty provided for existing arrangements to continue to apply and required parliament to agree on uniform legislation by the end of 1992 [ see pp .
the unification treaty provided for [being] arrangements to continue to apply and required parliament to agree on uniform legislation by the end of 1992 [ see pp .

Existing missiles would be put in storage .
[being] missiles would be put in storage .

38348-49 ] , whose planned signature on Aug. 20 by five republics had been pre-empted by the coup : the Soviet of the Union would consist of deputies from union republics , elected according to existing quotas , subject to the consent of republican governments ; the Soviet ( Council ) of the Republics would be the upper chamber , dealing with the organization of union bodies and foreign links , with power of veto over the Soviet of the Union , whose responsibilities would involve the rights and freedoms of citizens .
38348-49 ] , whose planned signature on aug. 20 by five republics had been pre-empted by the coup : the soviet of the union would consist of deputies from union republics , elected according to [being] quotas , subject to the consent of republican governments ; the soviet ( council ) of the republics would be the upper chamber , dealing with the organization of union bodies and foreign links , with power of veto over the soviet of the union , whose responsibilities would involve the rights and freedoms of citizens .

Under the proposals the country would be divided into nine semi-autonomous regions , replacing the existing four provinces and 10 non-independent bantustans ( homelands ) , thus ending the homelands policy pursued by the party since 1948 .
under the proposals the country would be divided into nine semi-autonomous regions , replacing the [being] four provinces and 10 non-independent bantustans ( homelands ) , thus ending the homelands policy pursued by the party since 1948 .

It issued a call for an immediate ceasefire , and restructured the existing ceasefire monitoring group under 15 Nigerian and 15 Zaïrean officers .
it issued a call for an immediate ceasefire , and restructured the [being] ceasefire monitoring group under 15 nigerian and 15 zaïrean officers .

The province 's Liberal Premier Robert Bourassa , however , expressed a readiness to negotiate his province 's future in a renewed confederation within the government proposals , while emphasizing his determination not to bargain away any of the province 's existing economic powers .
the province 's liberal premier robert bourassa , however , expressed a readiness to negotiate his province 's future in a renewed confederation within the government proposals , while emphasizing his determination not to bargain away any of the province 's [being] economic powers .

Pozsgay , the first senior Communist party official to admit publicly that the 1956 uprising was a popular revolt , had resigned from the Hungarian Socialist party in November 1990 because he no longer felt that any existing political party totally reflected his views .
pozsgay , the first senior communist party official to admit publicly that the 1956 uprising was a popular revolt , had resigned from the hungarian socialist party in november 1990 because he no longer felt that any [being] political party totally reflected his views .

It was silent with regard to Soviet Moldavia ( which largely consisted of the former Romanian provinces of Bessarabia and North Bukovina annexed by the Soviet Union in 1940 ) , but stipulated respect for existing borders [ see also p. 38306 ] .
it was silent with regard to soviet moldavia ( which largely consisted of the former romanian provinces of bessarabia and north bukovina annexed by the soviet union in 1940 ) , but stipulated respect for [being] borders [ see also p. 38306 ] .

Despite the many problems which still faced the proposal to introduce an EC-wide company charter , the Commission defused some of the more acrimonious disputes surrounding company taxation , when it agreed in April 1990 to drop plans for an EC-wide system of personal and corporation tax , in favour of a policy of co-ordinating the various existing systems .
despite the many problems which still faced the proposal to introduce an ec-wide company charter , the commission defused some of the more acrimonious disputes surrounding company taxation , when it agreed in april 1990 to drop plans for an ec-wide system of personal and corporation tax , in favour of a policy of co-ordinating the various [being] systems .

The Commission had adopted on Dec. 5 , 1990 , a set of outline proposals for a major new high-speed rail network , to be completed by 2025 , involving the construction of 9,000 km of new track and the improvement of 15,000 km of existing track on 15 essential rail links .
the commission had adopted on dec. 5 , 1990 , a set of outline proposals for a major new high-speed rail network , to be completed by 2025 , involving the construction of 9,000 km of new track and the improvement of 15,000 km of [being] track on 15 essential rail links .

The collapse of the communist regimes of eastern Europe prompted the formation of new regional groupings and alliances as well as giving a new lease of life to existing organizations which straddled the former east-west divide .
the collapse of the communist regimes of eastern europe prompted the formation of new regional groupings and alliances as well as giving a new lease of life to [being] organizations which straddled the former east-west divide .

The Presidents ' pact also ordered the introduction of full wage indexation to offset the effect of the price rises , rather than the existing system of compensation payments .
the presidents ' pact also ordered the introduction of full wage indexation to offset the effect of the price rises , rather than the [being] system of compensation payments .

The third area would codify existing intergovernmental co-operation on drugs , crime , political asylum and immigration policy — hitherto conducted informally in the so-called Trevi group [ see pp .
the third area would codify [being] intergovernmental co-operation on drugs , crime , political asylum and immigration policy — hitherto conducted informally in the so-called trevi group [ see pp .

38163 ; 38203-04 ] proclaimed its existing `` basic statute act `` to be a constitution law .
38163 ; 38203-04 ] proclaimed its [being] `` basic statute act `` to be a constitution law .

37450 ; 37914 ] , voted by 54 votes to nine on June 8 to dissolve the existing Congress on July 2 , although it still had 2 @ 1/2 years to run , and to hold fresh legislative elections on Oct. 27 .
37450 ; 37914 ] , voted by 54 votes to nine on june 8 to dissolve the [being] congress on july 2 , although it still had 2 @ 1/2 years to run , and to hold fresh legislative elections on oct. 27 .

Under the existing procedures , their sentences had been reviewed by the Home Office after a fixed period .
under the [being] procedures , their sentences had been reviewed by the home office after a fixed period .

Also issued on Oct. 26 , a decree granted foreign investors ( individual or corporate ) the right to set up on Soviet soil a 100 per cent foreign-owned enterprise , or to buy a shareholding in existing Soviet enterprises .
also issued on oct. 26 , a decree granted foreign investors ( individual or corporate ) the right to set up on soviet soil a 100 per cent foreign-owned enterprise , or to buy a shareholding in [being] soviet enterprises .

Existing political parties were banned , and a period of military rule followed .
[being] political parties were banned , and a period of military rule followed .

Wolfgang Spickermann on Nov. 16 , 1989 , became the new chief editor of the already existing Neues Deutschland [ see also p. 37025 ] which on Dec. 18 appeared in a redesigned form , the words `` socialist daily newspaper `` replacing `` central organ of the Socialist Unity Party `` .
wolfgang spickermann on nov. 16 , 1989 , became the new chief editor of the already [being] neues deutschland [ see also p. 37025 ] which on dec. 18 appeared in a redesigned form , the words `` socialist daily newspaper `` replacing `` central organ of the socialist unity party `` .

The existing text of Article 135a [ covering old liabilities ] will become paragraph 1 .
the [being] text of article 135a [ covering old liabilities ] will become paragraph 1 .

( 2 ) The united Germany and the Republic of Poland shall confirm the existing border between them in a treaty that is binding under international law .
( 2 ) the united germany and the republic of poland shall confirm the [being] border between them in a treaty that is binding under international law .

( Under existing rules senators could supplement their salaries with fees for speeches to outside groups of $ 2,000 per appearance , up to an annual total of $ 23,068 . )
( under [being] rules senators could supplement their salaries with fees for speeches to outside groups of $ 2,000 per appearance , up to an annual total of $ 23,068 . )

At the meeting , Li Peng criticized existing flood control defences as `` inadequate `` .
at the meeting , li peng criticized [being] flood control defences as `` inadequate `` .

The provisions of the programme included co-ordinating the actions of union and republican bodies and revoking administrative decisions which hindered the movement of goods between republics , fulfilling existing economic contracts , cutting budget expenditure , putting investments on a commercial bank basis rather than non-repayable central financing , a privatization bill [ see above ] , and social protection for the population .
the provisions of the programme included co-ordinating the actions of union and republican bodies and revoking administrative decisions which hindered the movement of goods between republics , fulfilling [being] economic contracts , cutting budget expenditure , putting investments on a commercial bank basis rather than non-repayable central financing , a privatization bill [ see above ] , and social protection for the population .

In a section of the treaty concerning respect for human rights the Moroccan government secured the inclusion of a limiting clause stipulating that it would act in conformity with existing domestic legislation .
in a section of the treaty concerning respect for human rights the moroccan government secured the inclusion of a limiting clause stipulating that it would act in conformity with [being] domestic legislation .

King said that the existing army strength of 155,000 personnel would be reduced to 116,000 by 1992 , and the combined armed forces would shrink by 62,000 from its present level of 308,000 .
king said that the [being] army strength of 155,000 personnel would be reduced to 116,000 by 1992 , and the combined armed forces would shrink by 62,000 from its present level of 308,000 .

France 's existing army personnel of 285,000 would be cut by 50,000-70,000 men in `` five or six years `` ; the reduction was partly due to the withdrawal of some 48,000 French troops from Germany .
france 's [being] army personnel of 285,000 would be cut by 50,000-70,000 men in `` five or six years `` ; the reduction was partly due to the withdrawal of some 48,000 french troops from germany .

On Aug. 6 Gerhard Stoltenberg , the German Defence Minister , gave final details of the government 's plans to reduce the German army from its existing strength of 461,000 to 370,000 by the end of 1994 ( as agreed in the " Two-plus-four treaty " on German unification — see pp. 37659 ; 37834 ) .
on aug. 6 gerhard stoltenberg , the german defence minister , gave final details of the government 's plans to reduce the german army from its [being] strength of 461,000 to 370,000 by the end of 1994 ( as agreed in the " two-plus-four treaty " on german unification — see pp. 37659 ; 37834 ) .

By that date 116 of 720 existing bases in western Germany would be closed , bringing the number of personnel stationed in that part of the country to 310,000 .
by that date 116 of 720 [being] bases in western germany would be closed , bringing the number of personnel stationed in that part of the country to 310,000 .

( 2 ) The Upgrading of Land Tenure Rights Bill would enable 300,000 black householders to convert their existing 99-year leases to full ownership of their homes , and would set up a single property register , while government land loaned to rural tribes for communal farming would be transferred to ownership by those tribes .
( 2 ) the upgrading of land tenure rights bill would enable 300,000 black householders to convert their [being] 99-year leases to full ownership of their homes , and would set up a single property register , while government land loaned to rural tribes for communal farming would be transferred to ownership by those tribes .

( 3 ) The Residential Environment Bill would enable residents to set minimum standards for existing suburbs , although racially discriminatory measures would be excluded .
( 3 ) the residential environment bill would enable residents to set minimum standards for [being] suburbs , although racially discriminatory measures would be excluded .

The existing currency , the new cordoba , would go out of circulation as of May 1 , and was meanwhile also devalued to 5,000,000 per gold cordoba .
the [being] currency , the new cordoba , would go out of circulation as of may 1 , and was meanwhile also devalued to 5,000,000 per gold cordoba .

29654-57 ] , which had included articles ( never implemented ) proposing a five-year transitional period during which a `` self-governing authority `` would replace the existing Israeli administration in the West Bank and Gaza .
29654-57 ] , which had included articles ( never implemented ) proposing a five-year transitional period during which a `` self-governing authority `` would replace the [being] israeli administration in the west bank and gaza .

They abolished 50 existing laws and 36 agencies involved in regulating foreign trade , to ( i ) lift all quotas on imports and exports ; ( ii ) end trade controls except those protecting health care , urban planning , competition policy and environmental protection ; ( iii ) phase out regulation on domestic production and prices ; ( iv ) allow employers to negotiate wages at company level rather than with national unions ; ( v ) abolish regulations covering labour contracts and business hours ; ( vi ) prevent professional bodies fixing fees nationally ; and ( vii ) phase out the controls of State Boards to regulate production and sale of such key products as beef , wine , sugar , cotton and tobacco .
they abolished 50 [being] laws and 36 agencies involved in regulating foreign trade , to ( i ) lift all quotas on imports and exports ; ( ii ) end trade controls except those protecting health care , urban planning , competition policy and environmental protection ; ( iii ) phase out regulation on domestic production and prices ; ( iv ) allow employers to negotiate wages at company level rather than with national unions ; ( v ) abolish regulations covering labour contracts and business hours ; ( vi ) prevent professional bodies fixing fees nationally ; and ( vii ) phase out the controls of state boards to regulate production and sale of such key products as beef , wine , sugar , cotton and tobacco .

With regard to husbands voting as proxy for their wives , the government had wanted at least the wife 's written authorization to be necessary , but the deputies voted to retain the existing stipulation that the proxy voter must present the family registration book .
with regard to husbands voting as proxy for their wives , the government had wanted at least the wife 's written authorization to be necessary , but the deputies voted to retain the [being] stipulation that the proxy voter must present the family registration book .

However , their length and complexity raised questions as to the appropriateness of existing procedures for such cases .
however , their length and complexity raised questions as to the appropriateness of [being] procedures for such cases .

As in the previous demonstrations , a large number of those attending were middle class , some of whom had been involved in the demonstrations of 1973 ( which had effectively deposed the existing military dictatorship — see pp .
as in the previous demonstrations , a large number of those attending were middle class , some of whom had been involved in the demonstrations of 1973 ( which had effectively deposed the [being] military dictatorship — see pp .

The existing trade embargo , imposed following the September 1991 military coup [ see pp .
the [being] trade embargo , imposed following the september 1991 military coup [ see pp .

The representative body of the original Crimean population , the Crimean Tatars ' Majlis [ see p. 38302 ] , issued a statement on May 12 denouncing the Crimean vote but also criticizing the autonomy granted by Ukraine to the Crimea , as all existing structures excluded the Tatar nation .
the representative body of the original crimean population , the crimean tatars ' majlis [ see p. 38302 ] , issued a statement on may 12 denouncing the crimean vote but also criticizing the autonomy granted by ukraine to the crimea , as all [being] structures excluded the tatar nation .

He said that an existing legislative assembly of Kurdistan still enjoyed the recognition of the Iraqi government as the representative body of Iraqi Kurds .
he said that an [being] legislative assembly of kurdistan still enjoyed the recognition of the iraqi government as the representative body of iraqi kurds .

However , these latest elections confirmed the existing schism between republics : the ruling communists were rejected in favour of nationalist parties in Bosnia-Hercegovina and Macedonia ( as in Slovenia and Croatia in April ) , but in Serbia ( with over 40 per cent of the country 's population ) and Montenegro the communists were returned to power with huge majorities .
however , these latest elections confirmed the [being] schism between republics : the ruling communists were rejected in favour of nationalist parties in bosnia-hercegovina and macedonia ( as in slovenia and croatia in april ) , but in serbia ( with over 40 per cent of the country 's population ) and montenegro the communists were returned to power with huge majorities .

It welcomed `` the fact that the three republics [ Byelarus , Ukraine and Russia which had decided on Dec. 8 to form a commonwealth of independent states ] engaged in this comprehensive process of change have declared that they mutually recognize and respect each other 's territorial integrity and the inviolability of the borders existing in the context of their Commonwealth `` .
it welcomed `` the fact that the three republics [ byelarus , ukraine and russia which had decided on dec. 8 to form a commonwealth of independent states ] engaged in this comprehensive process of change have declared that they mutually recognize and respect each other 's territorial integrity and the inviolability of the borders [being] in the context of their commonwealth `` .

The law ensured the `` autonomy `` of the armed forces but expanded their existing responsibilities for sovereignty and national territorial integrity to involve them in civil defence and the restoration of internal order at the request of the head of the Senate .
the law ensured the `` autonomy `` of the armed forces but expanded their [being] responsibilities for sovereignty and national territorial integrity to involve them in civil defence and the restoration of internal order at the request of the head of the senate .

The Assembly passed a law on civil aviation and amended existing legislation on export-import taxes .
the assembly passed a law on civil aviation and amended [being] legislation on export-import taxes .

The budget for 1992 presented by the Finance Minister Yannis Paliokrassas on Nov. 29 planned for an intensification of the existing policy of economic austerity .
the budget for 1992 presented by the finance minister yannis paliokrassas on nov. 29 planned for an intensification of the [being] policy of economic austerity .

Existing satellite television legislation was due to expire on Dec. 31 ; the new directive would come into effect from Jan. 1 , 1992 , and expire in 1998 .
[being] satellite television legislation was due to expire on dec. 31 ; the new directive would come into effect from jan. 1 , 1992 , and expire in 1998 .

Morocco had since July been demanding that the existing list of 73,487 names should be increased by a further 120,000 .
morocco had since july been demanding that the [being] list of 73,487 names should be increased by a further 120,000 .

At the inauguration of the conference Prime Minister Sharif promised that constitutional measures would be adopted to support the existing legal protection afforded to privatised companies , to prevent any future government from reversing his economic reform programme .
at the inauguration of the conference prime minister sharif promised that constitutional measures would be adopted to support the [being] legal protection afforded to privatised companies , to prevent any future government from reversing his economic reform programme .

On Nov. 17 , Havel broadcast his proposed amendments to the referendum law and the existing Constitution .
on nov. 17 , havel broadcast his proposed amendments to the referendum law and the [being] constitution .

Under the existing law , helping someone to die was a criminal offence punishable by up to 12 years ' imprisonment , but this had rarely been invoked in recent years amid great public debate and controversy on the ethics and possible modalities of euthanasia .
under the [being] law , helping someone to die was a criminal offence punishable by up to 12 years ' imprisonment , but this had rarely been invoked in recent years amid great public debate and controversy on the ethics and possible modalities of euthanasia .

Delegates voted in favour of the `` strengthening `` of `` existing settlements `` on the Golan Heights , although it was also resolved that the future of the Golan was negotiable .
delegates voted in favour of the `` strengthening `` of `` [being] settlements `` on the golan heights , although it was also resolved that the future of the golan was negotiable .

Also in March the government ordered confiscated property to be returned to private ownership in an attempt to revive the private sector [ see p. 37453 ] and in May announced the redrafting of existing laws to encourage private and foreign investment [ see p. 37453 ] .
also in march the government ordered confiscated property to be returned to private ownership in an attempt to revive the private sector [ see p. 37453 ] and in may announced the redrafting of [being] laws to encourage private and foreign investment [ see p. 37453 ] .

The plan aimed to upgrade existing industries and to attract a number of new ones , such as financial services .
the plan aimed to upgrade [being] industries and to attract a number of new ones , such as financial services .

The government 's economic policy , including severe cutbacks in the welfare state and extensive deregulation [ see below ] , exacerbated existing divisions within the National Party which had been concealed but not resolved in the run-up to the election .
the government 's economic policy , including severe cutbacks in the welfare state and extensive deregulation [ see below ] , exacerbated [being] divisions within the national party which had been concealed but not resolved in the run-up to the election .

The two-part referendum asked voters to choose whether or not to retain the existing electoral system , and to express a preference for one of four alternative systems .
the two-part referendum asked voters to choose whether or not to retain the [being] electoral system , and to express a preference for one of four alternative systems .

The leaders of the governing National Party and the opposition Labour Party , the two political groupings which had dominated the country 's political system since 1935 , both opposed any change in the existing electoral arrangements .
the leaders of the governing national party and the opposition labour party , the two political groupings which had dominated the country 's political system since 1935 , both opposed any change in the [being] electoral arrangements .

It provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of Cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of Russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of Russia 's radio-electronic centre in Cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to North America and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of Russian components and spare parts for existing Cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of Russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the Cuban Juraga nuclear power plant halted in September [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly France ) be agreed by Feb. 1 , 1993 .
it provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of russia 's radio-electronic centre in cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to north america and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of russian components and spare parts for [being] cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the cuban juraga nuclear power plant halted in september [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly france ) be agreed by feb. 1 , 1993 .

According to President Özal , the aim of the meeting was to move beyond existing bilateral agreements `` towards multilateral co-operation `` .
according to president özal , the aim of the meeting was to move beyond [being] bilateral agreements `` towards multilateral co-operation `` .

In separate declarations on Nov. 12 Serbia , Albania and Bulgaria expressed support for a Greek initiative to guarantee the existing borders of Macedonia , apparently designed to allay international concern about Greece 's intentions towards the former Yugoslav republic .
in separate declarations on nov. 12 serbia , albania and bulgaria expressed support for a greek initiative to guarantee the [being] borders of macedonia , apparently designed to allay international concern about greece 's intentions towards the former yugoslav republic .

It was decided on Nov. 2 to postpone the implementation of a controversial plan to amend the Constitution in order to replace the existing presidential form of government with a Cabinet system until after the 1991 presidential elections .
it was decided on nov. 2 to postpone the implementation of a controversial plan to amend the constitution in order to replace the [being] presidential form of government with a cabinet system until after the 1991 presidential elections .

The existing blacklist of substances not to be dumped at sea would be superseded by the blanket ban .
the [being] blacklist of substances not to be dumped at sea would be superseded by the blanket ban .

The government would retain ownership of the land but would sell logging rights and existing infrastructure .
the government would retain ownership of the land but would sell logging rights and [being] infrastructure .

Some claimed that the plan was underfunded by the multilateral institutions and that its call for debt-reduction agreements would encourage debtors to default on existing commitments , thus impeding the extension of new loans .
some claimed that the plan was underfunded by the multilateral institutions and that its call for debt-reduction agreements would encourage debtors to default on [being] commitments , thus impeding the extension of new loans .

This law , in its existing form , had been vetoed by Yeltsin as effectively subordinating the executive to the legislature .
this law , in its [being] form , had been vetoed by yeltsin as effectively subordinating the executive to the legislature .

On the Treaty on European Union the European Council agreed on an annexed decision and three declarations which were to apply `` exclusively to Denmark and not to other existing or acceding member states `` .
on the treaty on european union the european council agreed on an annexed decision and three declarations which were to apply `` exclusively to denmark and not to other [being] or acceding member states `` .

On subsidiarity , `` the European Council received a report from the President of the Commission [ reviewing ] existing and proposed legislation in the light of the subsidiarity principle `` .
on subsidiarity , `` the european council received a report from the president of the commission [ reviewing ] [being] and proposed legislation in the light of the subsidiarity principle `` .

The existing seats of the institutions were confirmed , while decisions on " the seat of other bodies and departments set up or to be set up " were to give " appropriate priority to member states who do not at present provide the sites for Community institutions " .
the [being] seats of the institutions were confirmed , while decisions on " the seat of other bodies and departments set up or to be set up " were to give " appropriate priority to member states who do not at present provide the sites for community institutions " .

Legislation streamlining agricultural laws was approved during March , according to the Financial Times of March 20 , amending 20 existing laws and decrees , and clarifying land tenure rules and pricing and credit policies .
legislation streamlining agricultural laws was approved during march , according to the financial times of march 20 , amending 20 [being] laws and decrees , and clarifying land tenure rules and pricing and credit policies .

Critics of the law maintained that `` it rings the death knell of land redistribution , casting in stone the existing , highly polarized tenure structure `` .
critics of the law maintained that `` it rings the death knell of land redistribution , casting in stone the [being] , highly polarized tenure structure `` .

On March 24 bills were presented covering ( i ) the handling and utilization of undertakings scheduled to remain public concerns ; ( ii ) the sale , utilization and protection of assets temporarily in state ownership ( i.e. scheduled for privatization ) , and ( iii ) amendments to existing outdated decrees on state assets .
on march 24 bills were presented covering ( i ) the handling and utilization of undertakings scheduled to remain public concerns ; ( ii ) the sale , utilization and protection of assets temporarily in state ownership ( i.e. scheduled for privatization ) , and ( iii ) amendments to [being] outdated decrees on state assets .

However , Danish Foreign Minister and co-chairman of the meeting Uffe Ellemann-Jensen emphasized that the Council would be closely linked to existing European organizations .
however , danish foreign minister and co-chairman of the meeting uffe ellemann-jensen emphasized that the council would be closely linked to [being] european organizations .

However , Ellemann-Jensen stressed that the work of the Council would not duplicate that of existing international organizations and that security matters fell outside the scope of the new body .
however , ellemann-jensen stressed that the work of the council would not duplicate that of [being] international organizations and that security matters fell outside the scope of the new body .

The resignations prompted a technical Cabinet reshuffle in which serving Cabinet ministers took on extra responsibilities , notably Famara Ibrahima Sagna , who added African Economic Integration to his existing responsibilities as Economy , Finance and Planning Minister .
the resignations prompted a technical cabinet reshuffle in which serving cabinet ministers took on extra responsibilities , notably famara ibrahima sagna , who added african economic integration to his [being] responsibilities as economy , finance and planning minister .

Among its recommendations was the discarding of the existing electoral system whereby members of the Libandla were elected in secret by an 80-member electoral college .
among its recommendations was the discarding of the [being] electoral system whereby members of the libandla were elected in secret by an 80-member electoral college .

The report endorsed the existing practice whereby the King appointed a further 10 members to each house .
the report endorsed the [being] practice whereby the king appointed a further 10 members to each house .

The Congress on Oct. 28 endorsed the government 's plan to increase spending `` to fight subversion in the country `` , with the creation of six new counterinsurgency battalions in addition to the existing 13 .
the congress on oct. 28 endorsed the government 's plan to increase spending `` to fight subversion in the country `` , with the creation of six new counterinsurgency battalions in addition to the [being] 13 .

It sought , as the Collor government had done , to open up the economy to foreign competition ( a new round of import tariff cuts scheduled for Oct. 1 went ahead as scheduled ) and would maintain existing privatization and deregulation programmes , although the involvement of Congress was now expected when the privatization of `` strategic `` companies was contemplated .
it sought , as the collor government had done , to open up the economy to foreign competition ( a new round of import tariff cuts scheduled for oct. 1 went ahead as scheduled ) and would maintain [being] privatization and deregulation programmes , although the involvement of congress was now expected when the privatization of `` strategic `` companies was contemplated .

The changes , involving the appointment of nine new ministers and the reassignment of five portfolios to existing members of the Council of Ministers , altered the ethnic composition of the Cabinet ; 60 per cent were identified in the press as Hutus , including François Ngeze , the new Minister of the Interior and Local Government .
the changes , involving the appointment of nine new ministers and the reassignment of five portfolios to [being] members of the council of ministers , altered the ethnic composition of the cabinet ; 60 per cent were identified in the press as hutus , including françois ngeze , the new minister of the interior and local government .

To mark his birthday , Kim added to his existing titles the designation " Generalissimo " , while on April 21 his son Kim Chong Il , 50 , was elevated to the rank of Marshal of the Armed Forces , as was Marshal Oh Jin Wu , 75 , the veteran Minister for the People 's Armed Forces .
to mark his birthday , kim added to his [being] titles the designation " generalissimo " , while on april 21 his son kim chong il , 50 , was elevated to the rank of marshal of the armed forces , as was marshal oh jin wu , 75 , the veteran minister for the people 's armed forces .

Other apparent beneficiaries of a protest vote against the existing system were the Republican Party , the Green Party and the Sicily-based La Rete ( the Network ) , which on an anti-Mafia platform became the leading party in Palermo , Sicily .
other apparent beneficiaries of a protest vote against the [being] system were the republican party , the green party and the sicily-based la rete ( the network ) , which on an anti-mafia platform became the leading party in palermo , sicily .

The existing law stated that only those who had been granted citizenship would be enfranchised .
the [being] law stated that only those who had been granted citizenship would be enfranchised .

Negotiations for the treaty had also touched on border issues , and an official statement had confirmed the existing border .
negotiations for the treaty had also touched on border issues , and an official statement had confirmed the [being] border .

According to de Klerk , its repeal now appeared possible `` provided that this is accompanied by the adoption of temporary transitional measures toward the acceptance of a new constitution `` ; Parliament and the existing constitution could thus continue to function by means of temporary legal provisions .
according to de klerk , its repeal now appeared possible `` provided that this is accompanied by the adoption of temporary transitional measures toward the acceptance of a new constitution `` ; parliament and the [being] constitution could thus continue to function by means of temporary legal provisions .

This included a scheme for a new 150,000-mile National Highway System made up from the existing inter-state system and other major roads .
this included a scheme for a new 150,000-mile national highway system made up from the [being] inter-state system and other major roads .

Prior to taking office Aristide let it be known that he intended to remain outside the existing structure of political parties within Haiti .
prior to taking office aristide let it be known that he intended to remain outside the [being] structure of political parties within haiti .

Philip Greaves , had the portfolios of Public Works and Communications added to his existing responsibilities ; he was also Leader of the House of Assembly Warwick Franklin had hitherto been Agriculture Minister , where his tenure had been a controversial one .
philip greaves , had the portfolios of public works and communications added to his [being] responsibilities ; he was also leader of the house of assembly warwick franklin had hitherto been agriculture minister , where his tenure had been a controversial one .

The political scene was transformed in February and March , when the National Conference of Active Forces of the Nation , a policy-making national conference convened to approve certain reforms , proclaimed itself a sovereign body , suspended the Constitution and all existing state institutions , and appointed Nicéphore Soglo , a former World Bank administrator , to form an interim government [ see pp .
the political scene was transformed in february and march , when the national conference of active forces of the nation , a policy-making national conference convened to approve certain reforms , proclaimed itself a sovereign body , suspended the constitution and all [being] state institutions , and appointed nicéphore soglo , a former world bank administrator , to form an interim government [ see pp .

But 90 was thought to be too many to be easily controlled from the centre , which meant retaining the existing tier of regional administration as an executive arm of government , while the variation in population size was tackled by creating a third tier of management in large areas : the district .
but 90 was thought to be too many to be easily controlled from the centre , which meant retaining the [being] tier of regional administration as an executive arm of government , while the variation in population size was tackled by creating a third tier of management in large areas : the district .

State involvement in health care in capitalist societies stems from capital 's need to reproduce both labour power and the existing social relations of production which ensures the continued dominance of the bougeoisie at an economic , political and ideological level .
state involvement in health care in capitalist societies stems from capital 's need to reproduce both labour power and the [being] social relations of production which ensures the continued dominance of the bougeoisie at an economic , political and ideological level .

It helps to maintain the legitimacy of existing social relations by relieving suffering and distress , promoting social harmony and caring for nonworking groups .
it helps to maintain the legitimacy of [being] social relations by relieving suffering and distress , promoting social harmony and caring for nonworking groups .

Enrolled training would be phased out as fast as possible , with existing enrolled nurses given opportunities for conversion courses .
enrolled training would be phased out as fast as possible , with [being] enrolled nurses given opportunities for conversion courses .

Up to 50 per cent of the rise in health spending in the United States has been attributed not only to the introduction of new technologies but to the inappropriate overuse of existing ones ( Banta and Thacker 1990 ) .
up to 50 per cent of the rise in health spending in the united states has been attributed not only to the introduction of new technologies but to the inappropriate overuse of [being] ones ( banta and thacker 1990 ) .

In some ways this was a symbolic move , since it raised little revenue : existing exempt groups ( children , pensioners , the chronically ill and those on Income Support ) retained their right to free prescriptions .
in some ways this was a symbolic move , since it raised little revenue : [being] exempt groups ( children , pensioners , the chronically ill and those on income support ) retained their right to free prescriptions .

At the same time they had to continue running existing services , carry through any other major developments already in the pipeline and make progress on resource management and quality assurance systems .
at the same time they had to continue running [being] services , carry through any other major developments already in the pipeline and make progress on resource management and quality assurance systems .

Factors ranked high ( 1 , 2 or 3 ) were existing patient flows ( 93 per cent ) , GPs ' expressed preferences ( 74 per cent ) , ease of travel for residents ( 40 per cent ) and previous experience of the provider ( 39 per cent ) .
factors ranked high ( 1 , 2 or 3 ) were [being] patient flows ( 93 per cent ) , gps ' expressed preferences ( 74 per cent ) , ease of travel for residents ( 40 per cent ) and previous experience of the provider ( 39 per cent ) .

Many were also planning to change their contracts : 62 per cent were planning to cease a contract that existed the previous year ; 71 per cent to contract with a new provider ; 50 per cent to reduce volume more than 10 per cent with an existing provider and 78 per cent to contract for a greater volume of care per pound spent .
many were also planning to change their contracts : 62 per cent were planning to cease a contract that existed the previous year ; 71 per cent to contract with a new provider ; 50 per cent to reduce volume more than 10 per cent with an [being] provider and 78 per cent to contract for a greater volume of care per pound spent .

Factors given a high ranking in the second survey were GPs ' expressed preferences ( 80 per cent ) , existing patient flows ( 80 per cent ) , previous experience of the provider ( 46 per cent ) and ease of travel for residents ( 40 per cent ) .
factors given a high ranking in the second survey were gps ' expressed preferences ( 80 per cent ) , [being] patient flows ( 80 per cent ) , previous experience of the provider ( 46 per cent ) and ease of travel for residents ( 40 per cent ) .

Will providers be expected to within existing contracts ?
will providers be expected to within [being] contracts ?

In short , the value of history as a school subject must be constantly and publicly argued because : ( 1 ) history may lose out in any modification to the National Curriculum ; ( 2 ) in the implementation of the existing national curriculum it may be marginalised in the scramble for resources and timetable space ; ( 3 ) a rigorous projection of the value of the subject is important to the well-being of the school in the face of competition from other schools and possible closure ; ( 4 ) students have a choice at Key Stage 4 and in the sixth form and it is essential for the integrity of the subject that single-subject history should have a good representation at both levels ; ( 5 ) above all history has much to offer to the student of the 1990s .
in short , the value of history as a school subject must be constantly and publicly argued because : ( 1 ) history may lose out in any modification to the national curriculum ; ( 2 ) in the implementation of the [being] national curriculum it may be marginalised in the scramble for resources and timetable space ; ( 3 ) a rigorous projection of the value of the subject is important to the well-being of the school in the face of competition from other schools and possible closure ; ( 4 ) students have a choice at key stage 4 and in the sixth form and it is essential for the integrity of the subject that single-subject history should have a good representation at both levels ; ( 5 ) above all history has much to offer to the student of the 1990s .

Most departments will select their supplementary study units with due regard to their existing resources and from their experience of what motivates their pupils .
most departments will select their supplementary study units with due regard to their [being] resources and from their experience of what motivates their pupils .

enable staff , who are approaching particular employers , to be better informed about existing links between Napier and those employers ; and
enable staff , who are approaching particular employers , to be better informed about [being] links between napier and those employers ; and

New schemes or amendments to existing schemes within member states have required Community approval , and more recently the Commission has recommended the abolition of some existing state aid schemes , arguing that they have little `` regional `` relevance .
new schemes or amendments to [being] schemes within member states have required community approval , and more recently the commission has recommended the abolition of some [being] state aid schemes , arguing that they have little `` regional `` relevance .

If these economies are also those with existing substantial disparities in regional prosperity then the transition to monetary union might well serve to aggravate the relative position of the latter , in that any reduction in national income arising from the processes outlined above is itself likely to have a disproportionately large effect on the disadvantaged regions of those countries .
if these economies are also those with [being] substantial disparities in regional prosperity then the transition to monetary union might well serve to aggravate the relative position of the latter , in that any reduction in national income arising from the processes outlined above is itself likely to have a disproportionately large effect on the disadvantaged regions of those countries .

More recently , there have been the objections against council housing developments by environmentalists seeking to halt urban encroachment , and existing owner occupied rural dwellers who want to halt particular forms of residential development .
more recently , there have been the objections against council housing developments by environmentalists seeking to halt urban encroachment , and [being] owner occupied rural dwellers who want to halt particular forms of residential development .

In the fringing rural areas , existing residents seek to exclude lower income owner occupied developments .
in the fringing rural areas , [being] residents seek to exclude lower income owner occupied developments .

For those who argue that the 1925 legislation represents a series of reforms in order to facilitate conveyancing the foundation of the legislation lies in s. 1 , Law of Property Act , where Parliament reduced the number of estates and interests capable of existing at law :
for those who argue that the 1925 legislation represents a series of reforms in order to facilitate conveyancing the foundation of the legislation lies in s. 1 , law of property act , where parliament reduced the number of estates and interests capable of [being] at law :

The cases below demonstrate that adverse possession usually concerns either existing landowners who gradually add a bit on to their gardens ( `` boundary cases `` ) or city homeless ( the `` threat to law and order `` cases ) who resort to squatting as necessary for living as well as , perhaps , for ideological reasons .
the cases below demonstrate that adverse possession usually concerns either [being] landowners who gradually add a bit on to their gardens ( `` boundary cases `` ) or city homeless ( the `` threat to law and order `` cases ) who resort to squatting as necessary for living as well as , perhaps , for ideological reasons .

Section 2 provides : ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 2 ) below , where a person by any deception — ( a ) dishonestly secures the remission of the whole or part on any existing liability to make a payment , whether his own liability or another 's : or
section 2 provides : ( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 2 ) below , where a person by any deception — ( a ) dishonestly secures the remission of the whole or part on any [being] liability to make a payment , whether his own liability or another 's : or

( b ) with intent to make permanent default in whole or in part on any existing liability to make a payment , or with intent to let another do so , dishonestly induces the creditor or any person claiming payment on behalf of the creditor to wait for payment ( whether or not the due date for payment is deferred ) or to forgo payment : or
( b ) with intent to make permanent default in whole or in part on any [being] liability to make a payment , or with intent to let another do so , dishonestly induces the creditor or any person claiming payment on behalf of the creditor to wait for payment ( whether or not the due date for payment is deferred ) or to forgo payment : or

( a ) Section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) and ( b ) are limited to the evasion of existing debts .
( a ) section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) and ( b ) are limited to the evasion of [being] debts .

The omission of `` existing `` in para .
the omission of `` [being] `` in para .

In s.2 ( 1 ) ( b ) the phrase `` let another do so `` still refers to the accused 's own existing liability and it was another way of committing the offence .
in s.2 ( 1 ) ( b ) the phrase `` let another do so `` still refers to the accused 's own [being] liability and it was another way of committing the offence .

Your case gains its originality from the way in which you compare and weigh the different strengths and weaknesses of existing arguments in relation to the text or texts being discussed , and by choosing different examples from those presented in works you have read or lectures you have attended .
your case gains its originality from the way in which you compare and weigh the different strengths and weaknesses of [being] arguments in relation to the text or texts being discussed , and by choosing different examples from those presented in works you have read or lectures you have attended .

example For the Emma essay , you could look in a bibliography for a link between " irony " and " Austen " and " characterisation " ; you could scan some collections of essays on Austen or Emma for possibly relevant material ; similarly you could look in books on irony , in order to see how closely your ideas resemble existing material , and what aspects are original .
example for the emma essay , you could look in a bibliography for a link between " irony " and " austen " and " characterisation " ; you could scan some collections of essays on austen or emma for possibly relevant material ; similarly you could look in books on irony , in order to see how closely your ideas resemble [being] material , and what aspects are original .

as a photocopy , with sections highlighted ) is that you have n't really done anything with it yet : you have n't assimilated it or made it your own , in the sense of fitting it with ( and so allowing it to affect ) your existing thoughts and knowledge .
as a photocopy , with sections highlighted ) is that you have n't really done anything with it yet : you have n't assimilated it or made it your own , in the sense of fitting it with ( and so allowing it to affect ) your [being] thoughts and knowledge .

There is , however , a difficulty with the mode of organisation which follows an already existing sequence : it lacks anything by way of your own analysis or commentary .
there is , however , a difficulty with the mode of organisation which follows an already [being] sequence : it lacks anything by way of your own analysis or commentary .

Sometimes you can organise your essay around an already existing critical controversy ( e.g .
sometimes you can organise your essay around an already [being] critical controversy ( e.g .

Instead , try something like : ( a ) scene-setting ; reasons for interest ; the problem ; ( b ) case study ; ( c ) analysis of findings ; ( d ) discussion of wider themes ; relation to existing work .
instead , try something like : ( a ) scene-setting ; reasons for interest ; the problem ; ( b ) case study ; ( c ) analysis of findings ; ( d ) discussion of wider themes ; relation to [being] work .

In this revised format you present material from your literature review , paradoxically , at the end ( under `` relation to existing work `` ) , where you examine implications and applications .
in this revised format you present material from your literature review , paradoxically , at the end ( under `` relation to [being] work `` ) , where you examine implications and applications .

Existing biographical , historical and philosophical works on Oscar Wilde , have enhanced our knowledge and understanding of his literary personality …
[being] biographical , historical and philosophical works on oscar wilde , have enhanced our knowledge and understanding of his literary personality …

The system interfaces with their existing telephone set-up to ensure that no calls are lost and that intemised bills can be produced in the event of a dispute at checking out time .
the system interfaces with their [being] telephone set-up to ensure that no calls are lost and that intemised bills can be produced in the event of a dispute at checking out time .

Furthermore , the installation of a softner will gradually eradicate existing scale , since the softened water gradually dissolves it .
furthermore , the installation of a softner will gradually eradicate [being] scale , since the softened water gradually dissolves it .

This works with an existing telephone system and gives instant communication with staff who can not always be contacted via a specific telephone extension during the course of their work .
this works with an [being] telephone system and gives instant communication with staff who can not always be contacted via a specific telephone extension during the course of their work .

State of the art technology can be applied to existing installations to systematically monitor and record all lift activity and events .
state of the art technology can be applied to [being] installations to systematically monitor and record all lift activity and events .

To achieve maximum optimization of the existing lifts , it was agreed to combine all three lifts into a common group with a state of the art microprocessor control system .
to achieve maximum optimization of the [being] lifts , it was agreed to combine all three lifts into a common group with a state of the art microprocessor control system .

At the same time , the main drive units were to be thoroughly overhauled and the existing motor generator sets replaced .
at the same time , the main drive units were to be thoroughly overhauled and the [being] motor generator sets replaced .

In linguistics , `` creole `` is a technical term referring to a class of languages which originate through contact between two or more already existing languages .
in linguistics , `` creole `` is a technical term referring to a class of languages which originate through contact between two or more already [being] languages .

The second and third generations ( the generations of my informants ) have not simply reproduced the class stratification of the Caribbean region , nor have they merged seamlessly into the already existing class strata of British society .
the second and third generations ( the generations of my informants ) have not simply reproduced the class stratification of the caribbean region , nor have they merged seamlessly into the already [being] class strata of british society .

( Note that `` recreolisation `` can also mean the development of a new Creole language from an existing one which has undergone pidginisation for a second time .
( note that `` recreolisation `` can also mean the development of a new creole language from an [being] one which has undergone pidginisation for a second time .

As a speaker 's speech undergoes a process of accommodation to the norms of the new dialect , a new grammar is acquired through the addition to the speaker 's internal grammar of rules which `` convert `` the existing dialect forms into the new ones .
as a speaker 's speech undergoes a process of accommodation to the norms of the new dialect , a new grammar is acquired through the addition to the speaker 's internal grammar of rules which `` convert `` the [being] dialect forms into the new ones .

We can now see persona as a socially negotiated , linguistically realised manifestation of `` footing `` , animated by the speaker and mediated by the speaker 's existing stereotypes ( at least partially shared by other participants in the interaction . )
we can now see persona as a socially negotiated , linguistically realised manifestation of `` footing `` , animated by the speaker and mediated by the speaker 's [being] stereotypes ( at least partially shared by other participants in the interaction . )

As any agreement between the parties will be covered by the rest of the section , this subsection will only apply where there is no agreement between the parties and the plaintiff comes upon an already existing risk .
as any agreement between the parties will be covered by the rest of the section , this subsection will only apply where there is no agreement between the parties and the plaintiff comes upon an already [being] risk .

Such an abortion would have been illegal under the then existing law .
such an abortion would have been illegal under the then [being] law .

However , when the courts are considering new situations , they will not be constrained by trying to fit them into existing categories .
however , when the courts are considering new situations , they will not be constrained by trying to fit them into [being] categories .

The lands to the north and east of a line joining these two houses had in the ninth century been conquered and to some degree settled by pagan Scandinavians , who had destroyed the existing monasteries and several of the bishoprics , and such evidence as there is suggests that the Christianity practised within them retained aspects upon which the stricter kind of churchman would have frowned .
the lands to the north and east of a line joining these two houses had in the ninth century been conquered and to some degree settled by pagan scandinavians , who had destroyed the [being] monasteries and several of the bishoprics , and such evidence as there is suggests that the christianity practised within them retained aspects upon which the stricter kind of churchman would have frowned .

De Gaulle 's letters in the months before his return stressed that he would take no further initiatives until the French people had demonstrated their disgust with the existing regime and their desire for a radical change .
de gaulle 's letters in the months before his return stressed that he would take no further initiatives until the french people had demonstrated their disgust with the [being] regime and their desire for a radical change .

Quite simply , he placed a higher priority on removing the existing regime than on forestalling a military intervention .
quite simply , he placed a higher priority on removing the [being] regime than on forestalling a military intervention .

For all that , the key to his return was the total panic of May and the total lack of confidence in the capacity of the existing regime to extricate France from the crisis .
for all that , the key to his return was the total panic of may and the total lack of confidence in the capacity of the [being] regime to extricate france from the crisis .

To be understood in its own terms , his policy should be seen not as the implementation of a `` vision `` of some future world order radically different from anything existing at the time , but as a series of practical initiatives to accelerate and to exploit an already occurring transformation .
to be understood in its own terms , his policy should be seen not as the implementation of a `` vision `` of some future world order radically different from anything [being] at the time , but as a series of practical initiatives to accelerate and to exploit an already occurring transformation .

The major contradiction that they detected was between his vision of a European ensemble able to challenge the two existing superpowers and his narrowly nationalist priorities .
the major contradiction that they detected was between his vision of a european ensemble able to challenge the two [being] superpowers and his narrowly nationalist priorities .

The first process set a general objective which was valid whether or not it could be attained under existing circumstances .
the first process set a general objective which was valid whether or not it could be attained under [being] circumstances .

However , the implementation of existing directives into national law is not keeping pace with the 1992 programme .
however , the implementation of [being] directives into national law is not keeping pace with the 1992 programme .

Overall , we found very strong support for the idea of basing the new qualifications on existing modular provision in Scotland , in order to maintain the coherence of our national qualifications framework .
overall , we found very strong support for the idea of basing the new qualifications on [being] modular provision in scotland , in order to maintain the coherence of our national qualifications framework .

In hospitality , new modules may be written to add to the existing specification .
in hospitality , new modules may be written to add to the [being] specification .

Seminars for new and existing piloting centres are planned for 14 and 16 June .
seminars for new and [being] piloting centres are planned for 14 and 16 june .

The productivity of existing resources is alleged to rise in response to the threat to established markets provoked by tariff free trade between union partners .
the productivity of [being] resources is alleged to rise in response to the threat to established markets provoked by tariff free trade between union partners .

This consequence of existing policy is particularly important in periods of high merger activity when there is a bandwagon effect with more and more firms seeking to engage in takeover activity .
this consequence of [being] policy is particularly important in periods of high merger activity when there is a bandwagon effect with more and more firms seeking to engage in takeover activity .

Again this is not a view which has been endorsed by all , but it does provide an explanation as to why the government 's proposed reforms are largely confined to measures concerned with speeding up the investigatory process and making existing policy more efficient .
again this is not a view which has been endorsed by all , but it does provide an explanation as to why the government 's proposed reforms are largely confined to measures concerned with speeding up the investigatory process and making [being] policy more efficient .

Thence it moves into existing management training — and every manager gets at least five days a year about managing people , in addition to the five days a year basic training that every IBMer is supposed to have .
thence it moves into [being] management training — and every manager gets at least five days a year about managing people , in addition to the five days a year basic training that every ibmer is supposed to have .

( 2 ) Where an application is made in accordance with Rule 15 by a body which at the date of the application is already recognised under these Rules and the Council has neither granted nor refused a new recognition by the time when the body 's existing recognition would , apart from this paragraph , expire in accordance with paragraph ( 1 ) of this Rule , the existing recognition shall not expire at that time but shall continue in force until a new recognition is granted or refused .
( 2 ) where an application is made in accordance with rule 15 by a body which at the date of the application is already recognised under these rules and the council has neither granted nor refused a new recognition by the time when the body 's [being] recognition would , apart from this paragraph , expire in accordance with paragraph ( 1 ) of this rule , the [being] recognition shall not expire at that time but shall continue in force until a new recognition is granted or refused .

9. ( 1 ) After the initial allotment any shares proposed to be issued shall first be offered to the members in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the existing shares held by them respectively .
9. ( 1 ) after the initial allotment any shares proposed to be issued shall first be offered to the members in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the [being] shares held by them respectively .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares comprised in the transfer notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for purchase at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their [being] holdings of shares .

9. ( 1 ) After the initial allotment any shares proposed to be issued shall first be offered to the members in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the existing shares held by them respectively .
9. ( 1 ) after the initial allotment any shares proposed to be issued shall first be offered to the members in proportion as nearly as may be to the number of the [being] shares held by them respectively .

At the same time as giving such notice to the Proposing Transferor , the Company shall offer the Shares comprised in the Transfer Notice to the Members ( other than the Proposing Transferor ) for purchase at the Prescribed Price on terms that in case of competition the Shares so offered shall be sold to the Members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any Member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their existing holdings of Shares .
at the same time as giving such notice to the proposing transferor , the company shall offer the shares comprised in the transfer notice to the members ( other than the proposing transferor ) for purchase at the prescribed price on terms that in case of competition the shares so offered shall be sold to the members accepting the offer in proportion ( as nearly as may be , and without increasing the number sold to any member beyond the number applied for by him ) to their [being] holdings of shares .

( b ) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of a larger amount than its existing shares ;
( b ) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of a larger amount than its [being] shares ;

( c ) subdivide its shares , or any of them , into shares of a smaller amount than its existing shares ;
( c ) subdivide its shares , or any of them , into shares of a smaller amount than its [being] shares ;

This is an important consideration , but for the moment it can be noted that the activities of the drink sellers took place within existing recreational forms .
this is an important consideration , but for the moment it can be noted that the activities of the drink sellers took place within [being] recreational forms .

They were an adjunct to and lubricant for existing activities rather than part of the supplanting of a traditional culture .
they were an adjunct to and lubricant for [being] activities rather than part of the supplanting of a traditional culture .

Marx recognised as much when he interposed the `` period of manufacture `` between that of guild manufacture and that of `` machino-facture `` : `` Inasmuch as handicraft skill formed the basis of manufacture and inasmuch as the integral mechanism which was at work in manufacture had no objective skeleton existing apart from the workers themselves , capital had continually to wrestle with the subordination of the workers . ``
marx recognised as much when he interposed the `` period of manufacture `` between that of guild manufacture and that of `` machino-facture `` : `` inasmuch as handicraft skill formed the basis of manufacture and inasmuch as the integral mechanism which was at work in manufacture had no objective skeleton [being] apart from the workers themselves , capital had continually to wrestle with the subordination of the workers . ``

Our first aim was to examine the lexical access components of a number of existing speech recognition systems .
our first aim was to examine the lexical access components of a number of [being] speech recognition systems .

Firstly , the chart parser was an existing framework , originally developed for use in the syntactic domain , but also used in other areas of the speech chain , e.g .
firstly , the chart parser was an [being] framework , originally developed for use in the syntactic domain , but also used in other areas of the speech chain , e.g .

New pathways , giving a different level of description by spanning existing constituent pathways , can be added according to the knowledge bases ' rules .
new pathways , giving a different level of description by spanning [being] constituent pathways , can be added according to the knowledge bases ' rules .

This interaction is under the control of the Chart parser : an existing framework which allows the exploration of various search strategies and input conditions .
this interaction is under the control of the chart parser : an [being] framework which allows the exploration of various search strategies and input conditions .

The pronunciation may have been stored before but the written and/or syntactic information may differ ( e.g tea and tee ) , in which case the new information is appended to the existing written and syntactic forms .
the pronunciation may have been stored before but the written and/or syntactic information may differ ( e.g tea and tee ) , in which case the new information is appended to the [being] written and syntactic forms .

In terms of writing computer software , a program to automate an existing manual process will probably not be considered a trade secret .
in terms of writing computer software , a program to automate an [being] manual process will probably not be considered a trade secret .

Taken to its logical conclusion this might encourage software developers to adopt a `` clean-room `` approach , denying access to existing software by the programmers and analysts in an effort to try to prevent accusations of copying .
taken to its logical conclusion this might encourage software developers to adopt a `` clean-room `` approach , denying access to [being] software by the programmers and analysts in an effort to try to prevent accusations of copying .

The information stored includes names and addresses of existing and potential customers together with details of the customers ' operations and views on the customers ' credit worthiness , payment facilities , discounts , etc .
the information stored includes names and addresses of [being] and potential customers together with details of the customers ' operations and views on the customers ' credit worthiness , payment facilities , discounts , etc .

When an expert system is used to produce some advice or a report , the expertise underlying the output comes from the following sources : the experts who provided the knowledge , the persons ( sometimes called `` knowledge engineers `` ) who refined the knowledge and formalized it so that it could be installed in the knowledge-base , the persons who wrote the inference engine and the user interface ( or adapted existing ones ) , the user of the system .
when an expert system is used to produce some advice or a report , the expertise underlying the output comes from the following sources : the experts who provided the knowledge , the persons ( sometimes called `` knowledge engineers `` ) who refined the knowledge and formalized it so that it could be installed in the knowledge-base , the persons who wrote the inference engine and the user interface ( or adapted [being] ones ) , the user of the system .

Details of existing computer systems as would be known by computer analysts or programmers or even users of the system .
details of [being] computer systems as would be known by computer analysts or programmers or even users of the system .

An invention may be potentially very beneficial but might also destroy or seriously undermine an existing business ; for example , a car engine that does 200 miles to a gallon , or an everlasting light bulb .
an invention may be potentially very beneficial but might also destroy or seriously undermine an [being] business ; for example , a car engine that does 200 miles to a gallon , or an everlasting light bulb .

It is important that this computer is directly compatible with its existing equipment and the supplier confirms in good faith , before the contract is made , that the computer is compatible although the contract itself is silent on the matter .
it is important that this computer is directly compatible with its [being] equipment and the supplier confirms in good faith , before the contract is made , that the computer is compatible although the contract itself is silent on the matter .

The better approach would have been for the company to insist that an express term was inserted into the contract to the effect that the computer to be acquired must be compatible with the existing equipment .
the better approach would have been for the company to insist that an express term was inserted into the contract to the effect that the computer to be acquired must be compatible with the [being] equipment .

American Express started a national advertising campaign as part of a multi-million pound promotion aimed at encouraging existing card members to use their cards in restaurants .
american express started a national advertising campaign as part of a multi-million pound promotion aimed at encouraging [being] card members to use their cards in restaurants .

Nonetheless Nykrog 's work does demonstrate substantially the extent to which these fabliaux support and respect relative status in the existing late-feudal social scale .
nonetheless nykrog 's work does demonstrate substantially the extent to which these fabliaux support and respect relative status in the [being] late-feudal social scale .

Firms could choose to operate under the new statute or retain their existing national corporate existence .
firms could choose to operate under the new statute or retain their [being] national corporate existence .

It should be noted that many of the rights outlined above are qualified so as to accommodate existing national practices .
it should be noted that many of the rights outlined above are qualified so as to accommodate [being] national practices .

Those supporting the further extension of the Community 's role , seeking to build upon the existing policy instruments — the social funds , health and safety at work , equal opportunities , etc … For them the Social Charter and its accompanying action programme offer the way forward .
those supporting the further extension of the community 's role , seeking to build upon the [being] policy instruments — the social funds , health and safety at work , equal opportunities , etc … for them the social charter and its accompanying action programme offer the way forward .

In common with the best of our competitors , Sainsbury 's have made it their policy to incorporate on-site bakeries into every new store opening , as well as adding them into many existing locations .
in common with the best of our competitors , sainsbury 's have made it their policy to incorporate on-site bakeries into every new store opening , as well as adding them into many [being] locations .

The company believes that there is no better way of maintaining the high standards of service than through its investment in existing employees .
the company believes that there is no better way of maintaining the high standards of service than through its investment in [being] employees .

Thresher 's Operations Director for Wine Retailing , is a shining example of the value Whitbread places on its existing employees who show ambition and take an active role in furthering their careers .
thresher 's operations director for wine retailing , is a shining example of the value whitbread places on its [being] employees who show ambition and take an active role in furthering their careers .

Next term we are planning to organise some weekly training , possibly at Balham , for as many of our existing students as can come .
next term we are planning to organise some weekly training , possibly at balham , for as many of our [being] students as can come .

During the summer an extra six week course is taking place to help accelerate reaching exam standard by existing trainee teachers .
during the summer an extra six week course is taking place to help accelerate reaching exam standard by [being] trainee teachers .

Perhaps existing members can persuade their families to become members to support their Medau interest .
perhaps [being] members can persuade their families to become members to support their medau interest .

Existing wording : —
[being] wording : —

Existing wording : —
[being] wording : —

Existing wording : —
[being] wording : —

Existing wording : —
[being] wording : —

During the summer an extra six week course is taking place to help accelerate reaching exam standard by existing trainee teachers .
during the summer an extra six week course is taking place to help accelerate reaching exam standard by [being] trainee teachers .

This impression of the infinitive event 's already being in the bag calls for a representation in which there is no separation between the event denoted by the infinitive and that denoted by bid , no way to conceive the bidding as existing without the infinitive 's event also being actualized .
this impression of the infinitive event 's already being in the bag calls for a representation in which there is no separation between the event denoted by the infinitive and that denoted by bid , no way to conceive the bidding as [being] without the infinitive 's event also being actualized .

Permission is here conceived as existing already , even though that which is permitted might be carried out ten years from now , or never .
permission is here conceived as [being] already , even though that which is permitted might be carried out ten years from now , or never .

This makes let very different from allow and permit , which do not necessarily imply that the infinitive event is realized : in ( 212 ) and ( 213 ) above , they even evoke a state of permission as existing before any realization of the act for which permission has been given , something which is absolutely impossible with let .
this makes let very different from allow and permit , which do not necessarily imply that the infinitive event is realized : in ( 212 ) and ( 213 ) above , they even evoke a state of permission as [being] before any realization of the act for which permission has been given , something which is absolutely impossible with let .

Since the letting can not be conceived as existing before the event permitted gets under way , to is not used with let , just as it is not used with see because seeing can not be conceived as taking place before the first moment of the event seen .
since the letting can not be conceived as [being] before the event permitted gets under way , to is not used with let , just as it is not used with see because seeing can not be conceived as taking place before the first moment of the event seen .

Whereas do situates the infinitive in a stretch of time in the past or non-past as something really existing or taking place in that time-stretch , the modals in ( 4 ) — ( 6 ) on the other hand situate the infinitive 's event merely as something which has certain chances of existing in the stretch of time which they express .
whereas do situates the infinitive in a stretch of time in the past or non-past as something really [being] or taking place in that time-stretch , the modals in ( 4 ) — ( 6 ) on the other hand situate the infinitive 's event merely as something which has certain chances of [being] in the stretch of time which they express .

The implication of these observations for our discussion is that whereas with going to a movement towards the realization of the accompanying infinitive 's event is represented as being under way , with will there is no idea of a movement towards this event ( i.e. of something existing before it in time ) : the impression is merely that the potentiality for the infinitive 's event already exists , and will be actualized if certain conditions are met .
the implication of these observations for our discussion is that whereas with going to a movement towards the realization of the accompanying infinitive 's event is represented as being under way , with will there is no idea of a movement towards this event ( i.e. of something [being] before it in time ) : the impression is merely that the potentiality for the infinitive 's event already exists , and will be actualized if certain conditions are met .

If , on the other hand , the means are conceived as really or probably existing , then the speaker feels that there is something real occupying a before-position with respect to the infinitive 's event , and so uses to , as in ( 37 ) and ( 38 ) above .
if , on the other hand , the means are conceived as really or probably [being] , then the speaker feels that there is something real occupying a before-position with respect to the infinitive 's event , and so uses to , as in ( 37 ) and ( 38 ) above .

Even more significant is the impression alluded to by both grammarians that the infinitive evokes a mere possibility here — something which is brushed aside as `` impossible `` , something which the speaker can not conceive as actually existing .
even more significant is the impression alluded to by both grammarians that the infinitive evokes a mere possibility here — something which is brushed aside as `` impossible `` , something which the speaker can not conceive as actually [being] .

— all of which evoke a situation existing before the infinitive event , and so imply a reference to a prior position of the support .
— all of which evoke a situation [being] before the infinitive event , and so imply a reference to a prior position of the support .

The methodology employed has three basic elements : a literature review to establish the necessary conceptual framework ; the collection of existing data from relevant sources ; an empirical study of Glasgow University , Glasgow Polytechnic and Paisley College of Technology , with some comparison of their treatment of non-traditional students .
the methodology employed has three basic elements : a literature review to establish the necessary conceptual framework ; the collection of [being] data from relevant sources ; an empirical study of glasgow university , glasgow polytechnic and paisley college of technology , with some comparison of their treatment of non-traditional students .

‘ Existing scientific knowledge is unclear on the extent to which pigs need space , or whether close confinement causes any distress , ’ says the National Farmers Union press office .
‘ [being] scientific knowledge is unclear on the extent to which pigs need space , or whether close confinement causes any distress , ’ says the national farmers union press office .

At Paddy End ( it was still at that time known as Paddies End ) , Barratt considered it sufficient to set pitches to gangs of men in the existing old workings .
at paddy end ( it was still at that time known as paddies end ) , barratt considered it sufficient to set pitches to gangs of men in the [being] old workings .

The lease was not renewed but the partners carried on under the terms of the existing one .
the lease was not renewed but the partners carried on under the terms of the [being] one .

In areas like that which lies to the south of Upper Halling it would be desirable to reshape the terrain on a much larger scale , to link the existing pit being operated by Holborough Cement Factory , with the now disused pits at Upper Halling , and to re-grade the edges to blend them with their surroundings .
in areas like that which lies to the south of upper halling it would be desirable to reshape the terrain on a much larger scale , to link the [being] pit being operated by holborough cement factory , with the now disused pits at upper halling , and to re-grade the edges to blend them with their surroundings .

Lipetz explains the position as follows , `` The modification or expansion of catalog entries in the existing catalog apparently has the least potential of all three possible approaches to improvement of catalog service ( i.e .
lipetz explains the position as follows , `` the modification or expansion of catalog entries in the [being] catalog apparently has the least potential of all three possible approaches to improvement of catalog service ( i.e .

There are two possible explanations : the online environment either created a new demand or stimulated an existing inherent need .
there are two possible explanations : the online environment either created a new demand or stimulated an [being] inherent need .

Priced around £6.49 , The Lane Changer is easy to fit : simply stick it on above the existing rearview mirror .
priced around £6.49 , the lane changer is easy to fit : simply stick it on above the [being] rearview mirror .

there is no existing or effective language learning course .
there is no [being] or effective language learning course .

You may need to evaluate an existing pedagogical grammar .
you may need to evaluate an [being] pedagogical grammar .

You may need to do a complete revision of an existing pedagogical grammar , so that it may be of greater use for the language learning programmes of your colleagues .
you may need to do a complete revision of an [being] pedagogical grammar , so that it may be of greater use for the language learning programmes of your colleagues .

( Note that , in evaluating an existing pedagogical grammar , you should not only look at its contents , but also consider its orientation and progression . )
( note that , in evaluating an [being] pedagogical grammar , you should not only look at its contents , but also consider its orientation and progression . )

On the whole changing behaviour patterns by blocking off existing patterns is the least effective method because blocking one pattern does not by itself create a new one .
on the whole changing behaviour patterns by blocking off [being] patterns is the least effective method because blocking one pattern does not by itself create a new one .

The Dutch captain immediately flew back to Holland and freedom , for there was no extradition treaty existing to bring him back .
the dutch captain immediately flew back to holland and freedom , for there was no extradition treaty [being] to bring him back .

However , it as valid to postulate a relation such as the linear differential Equation ( 3.1 ) and its particular cases ( Maxwell , Kelvin , three-element ) , as existing between the infinitesimal stress and strain tensors and as an extension of the linear ( Hooke 's law ) relation .
however , it as valid to postulate a relation such as the linear differential equation ( 3.1 ) and its particular cases ( maxwell , kelvin , three-element ) , as [being] between the infinitesimal stress and strain tensors and as an extension of the linear ( hooke 's law ) relation .

In such a fluid , the stress at time t depends upon the previous history of the configuration existing at time t .
in such a fluid , the stress at time t depends upon the previous history of the configuration [being] at time t .

In reply to an enquiry from about the method of financing , pointed out that under existing regulations the new Division would be eligible for the Annual Divisional Grant , the current rate being £230 .
in reply to an enquiry from about the method of financing , pointed out that under [being] regulations the new division would be eligible for the annual divisional grant , the current rate being £230 .

asked the members to retain the existing name .
asked the members to retain the [being] name .

From an impressive survey of existing literature , evidence of excesses of non-Hodgkins lymphoma , cancer of the nasopharynx , leukaemia and brain cancer were highlighted .
from an impressive survey of [being] literature , evidence of excesses of non-hodgkins lymphoma , cancer of the nasopharynx , leukaemia and brain cancer were highlighted .

Existing conservative treatments all have their limitations .
[being] conservative treatments all have their limitations .

Our outcome data can not be compared with the existing published works because previous reports on chronic constipation with and without faecal soiling often combined younger and older children or children with idiopathic constipation and anorectal disorders , or both .
our outcome data can not be compared with the [being] published works because previous reports on chronic constipation with and without faecal soiling often combined younger and older children or children with idiopathic constipation and anorectal disorders , or both .

We are now clearly in a mature market and the challenge is to both optimise recovery from existing fields and maximise the development of new marginal fields .
we are now clearly in a mature market and the challenge is to both optimise recovery from [being] fields and maximise the development of new marginal fields .

However , reducing Petroleum Revenue Tax on existing fields will encourage investment in platform refurbishment and secondary recovery projects which provide the most significant part of our North Sea business .
however , reducing petroleum revenue tax on [being] fields will encourage investment in platform refurbishment and secondary recovery projects which provide the most significant part of our north sea business .

One of the largest engineering design contractors in Aberdeen providing a wide range of North Sea engineering services , particularly related to modifying existing offshore platforms .
one of the largest engineering design contractors in aberdeen providing a wide range of north sea engineering services , particularly related to modifying [being] offshore platforms .

Specialising in engineering design relating to existing offshore installations , the company 's manpower levels reached over 500 personnel on a number of design projects .
specialising in engineering design relating to [being] offshore installations , the company 's manpower levels reached over 500 personnel on a number of design projects .

Investment to both upgrade existing facilities and extend our range of services has therefore been made to strengthen our position .
investment to both upgrade [being] facilities and extend our range of services has therefore been made to strengthen our position .

None of the directors had interests in either the existing or new convertible preference shares of the Company at 31 December 1992 or at 31 December 1991 .
none of the directors had interests in either the [being] or new convertible preference shares of the company at 31 december 1992 or at 31 december 1991 .

In the same way that cash flows may be anticipated , the value of the existing portfolio or investment may be secured by buying put options .
in the same way that cash flows may be anticipated , the value of the [being] portfolio or investment may be secured by buying put options .

Strictly speaking an introduction to the Stock Exchange merely involves the acquisition of a listing and the permission for the company 's existing shares to be traded on the Exchange .
strictly speaking an introduction to the stock exchange merely involves the acquisition of a listing and the permission for the company 's [being] shares to be traded on the exchange .

This involves the disposal of all or part ( at least 25 per cent ) of the existing shareholdings to the public and investing institutions through the Exchange .
this involves the disposal of all or part ( at least 25 per cent ) of the [being] shareholdings to the public and investing institutions through the exchange .

Rights issues require a minimum subscription period of 3 weeks to allow existing shareholders the chance to take up their rights .
rights issues require a minimum subscription period of 3 weeks to allow [being] shareholders the chance to take up their rights .

Therefore , if the investor refuses the offer to buy a further 250 shares , the price of his or her existing shares will fall by 11p each .
therefore , if the investor refuses the offer to buy a further 250 shares , the price of his or her [being] shares will fall by 11p each .

If all 250 rights are sold then the investor will receive ( 0.44 ) 250=110 , which compensates for the loss in value of the existing shares .
if all 250 rights are sold then the investor will receive ( 0.44 ) 250=110 , which compensates for the loss in value of the [being] shares .

Tender offers these may involve either the issue of completely new stocks or substantial tranches of existing stocks .
tender offers these may involve either the issue of completely new stocks or substantial tranches of [being] stocks .

Tranchettes — These are issues of small blocks of existing stocks which are placed in the Bank 's own portfolio of gilts for direct sale into the secondary market ( see Fig. 9.2 ) .
tranchettes — these are issues of small blocks of [being] stocks which are placed in the bank 's own portfolio of gilts for direct sale into the secondary market ( see fig. 9.2 ) .

Even in cases where teachers clearly disagreed with advisers ' recommendations , they had at least been forced to reconsider their existing practices .
even in cases where teachers clearly disagreed with advisers ' recommendations , they had at least been forced to reconsider their [being] practices .

It concluded that : ‘ Existing procedures do not go far enough .
it concluded that : ‘ [being] procedures do not go far enough .

But the expansion of output by both the firm and its competitors would sooner or later exhaust demand at existing prices .
but the expansion of output by both the firm and its competitors would sooner or later exhaust demand at [being] prices .

If the proposal is for a change to an existing product rather than creating a new one , the starting point might be at stages 6 , 7 or 8 depending on the level of technical risk in the modification .
if the proposal is for a change to an [being] product rather than creating a new one , the starting point might be at stages 6 , 7 or 8 depending on the level of technical risk in the modification .

The cost , including the opportunity cost , of value analysing existing products and implementing the results is significant and involves people from a wide range of company functions .
the cost , including the opportunity cost , of value analysing [being] products and implementing the results is significant and involves people from a wide range of company functions .

If a relatively simple redesign of an existing product is to be carried out it will start in the appropriate box , for example that labelled design and development , and that labelled prototype/testing may or may not be invoked , depending on the confidence level that the task can be successfully carried out .
if a relatively simple redesign of an [being] product is to be carried out it will start in the appropriate box , for example that labelled design and development , and that labelled prototype/testing may or may not be invoked , depending on the confidence level that the task can be successfully carried out .

The National Union of Teachers says that all school appraisal schemes - including existing ones — should be boycotted and local authority schemes supported only if they follow all the recommendations of the steering group .
the national union of teachers says that all school appraisal schemes - including [being] ones — should be boycotted and local authority schemes supported only if they follow all the recommendations of the steering group .

It is a place where a great reputation can be won or an existing one extinguished .
it is a place where a great reputation can be won or an [being] one extinguished .

Although they will slip through the city centre serving the essential parts — shopping malls , leisure centres , theme parks , amusement arcades and museums — the Manchester supertrams will also head out of town on a mix of reserved track and existing railway lines .
although they will slip through the city centre serving the essential parts — shopping malls , leisure centres , theme parks , amusement arcades and museums — the manchester supertrams will also head out of town on a mix of reserved track and [being] railway lines .

The existing centre at Northwick Park in north-west London , has not developed its research in collaboration with hospital work , as once hoped , and is to be phased out .
the [being] centre at northwick park in north-west london , has not developed its research in collaboration with hospital work , as once hoped , and is to be phased out .

The board favours a more ‘ cost-effective ’ approach that involves strengthening several existing regional centres and enhancing clinical research at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School at Hammersmith , west London .
the board favours a more ‘ cost-effective ’ approach that involves strengthening several [being] regional centres and enhancing clinical research at the royal postgraduate medical school at hammersmith , west london .

He called the existing policy-making system as one ‘ designed for the 1920s which is wilting under the television lights of the 1980s ’ .
he called the [being] policy-making system as one ‘ designed for the 1920s which is wilting under the television lights of the 1980s ’ .

On existing membership figures that would give constituency parties 26 per cent of the vote , and the unions 74 per cent .
on [being] membership figures that would give constituency parties 26 per cent of the vote , and the unions 74 per cent .

Experts are divided over whether the commission will urge specific new legislation making hacking a crime , or opt for changes in existing laws to cope with certain types of computer crime .
experts are divided over whether the commission will urge specific new legislation making hacking a crime , or opt for changes in [being] laws to cope with certain types of computer crime .

The new techniques were used to ‘ improve ’ existing therapy , while fundamental research into the causes of diabetes has only recently begun to yield important results .
the new techniques were used to ‘ improve ’ [being] therapy , while fundamental research into the causes of diabetes has only recently begun to yield important results .

Would it be possible to re-use old programs written for conventional machines , or would users have to start from scratch and throw away their existing investment in software ?
would it be possible to re-use old programs written for conventional machines , or would users have to start from scratch and throw away their [being] investment in software ?

Instead , they can buy more processors and add them to the existing machine .
instead , they can buy more processors and add them to the [being] machine .

Although there appears to be little synergy between Unit 's existing business and engineering , the group believes it can introduce better management systems in the target company .
although there appears to be little synergy between unit 's [being] business and engineering , the group believes it can introduce better management systems in the target company .

In its original thinking for the clearing house scheme , announced last July , the Exchange intended that a management agreement will exist between the clearing house and itself for the use of the Exchange 's existing and projected settlement services .
in its original thinking for the clearing house scheme , announced last july , the exchange intended that a management agreement will exist between the clearing house and itself for the use of the exchange 's [being] and projected settlement services .

Under the act , the new clearing house will have to achieve ‘ recognised ’ status and adhere to the existing regulatory regime in the City .
under the act , the new clearing house will have to achieve ‘ recognised ’ status and adhere to the [being] regulatory regime in the city .

Midani would be able to afford at least that , and a general offer would be cheaper for him to fund because of his existing stake .
midani would be able to afford at least that , and a general offer would be cheaper for him to fund because of his [being] stake .

At the moment , the cheery assumption is that wasteland can be found somewhere within existing cities for housing to be built on .
at the moment , the cheery assumption is that wasteland can be found somewhere within [being] cities for housing to be built on .

The point is that , unless you have such focuses for new building , you are left with only two alternatives : to force all new building back on to those urban wastelands ; or else to let new housing grow , like fat around a middle-aged belly , on the outskirts of existing villages and country towns .
the point is that , unless you have such focuses for new building , you are left with only two alternatives : to force all new building back on to those urban wastelands ; or else to let new housing grow , like fat around a middle-aged belly , on the outskirts of [being] villages and country towns .

Existing credit and other ( non-bank ) credit is not only non-inflationary , but beneficial .
[being] credit and other ( non-bank ) credit is not only non-inflationary , but beneficial .

Its universality is to be expected if all existing organisms have a single ancestor .
its universality is to be expected if all [being] organisms have a single ancestor .

There are a number of existing cases in which algae live inside animals : the animal carries the plant to sources of nutrients and light , and the plant synthesizes sugars which the animal can use .
there are a number of [being] cases in which algae live inside animals : the animal carries the plant to sources of nutrients and light , and the plant synthesizes sugars which the animal can use .

However , this almost certainly indicates that each species has arisen in the relatively recent past ( usually by hybridization between existing sexual species ) , and has not had time to evolve any substantial variability .
however , this almost certainly indicates that each species has arisen in the relatively recent past ( usually by hybridization between [being] sexual species ) , and has not had time to evolve any substantial variability .

All would agree that , particularly in plants , new species sometimes arise by hybridization between existing species .
all would agree that , particularly in plants , new species sometimes arise by hybridization between [being] species .

The existence of these different anatomical plans , without intermediates , again raises the question of whether there are only a small number of possible body plans , represented by the existing phyla , or whether we are looking at the end results of a series of historical accidents .
the existence of these different anatomical plans , without intermediates , again raises the question of whether there are only a small number of possible body plans , represented by the [being] phyla , or whether we are looking at the end results of a series of historical accidents .

In other words , the body plan of existing vertebrates is readily understood as being derived from a set of structures which , in a distant ancestor , were adaptations for a particular way of life .
in other words , the body plan of [being] vertebrates is readily understood as being derived from a set of structures which , in a distant ancestor , were adaptations for a particular way of life .

Thus suppose we have two existing species , and would like to know how long ago their ancestral lineage split into two .
thus suppose we have two [being] species , and would like to know how long ago their ancestral lineage split into two .

But in fact we know of existing animals with a whole range of light-sensitive organs , from those which can merely detect whether the animal is in the light or the dark , through organs capable of detecting the direction of the incident light , up to proper image-forming eyes .
but in fact we know of [being] animals with a whole range of light-sensitive organs , from those which can merely detect whether the animal is in the light or the dark , through organs capable of detecting the direction of the incident light , up to proper image-forming eyes .

Indeed , it seems to be a general rule that organisms acquire new capacities by modifying existing structures rather than by inventing wholly new ones .
indeed , it seems to be a general rule that organisms acquire new capacities by modifying [being] structures rather than by inventing wholly new ones .

Normally the financial goal was to reduce the existing debt , much of which would be due to building .
normally the financial goal was to reduce the [being] debt , much of which would be due to building .

By the end of the century expenditure on building new churches , improving existing ones , paying off debts , erecting towers and spires and on constructing missions , settlements , central halls and school rooms had reached incredible amounts .
by the end of the century expenditure on building new churches , improving [being] ones , paying off debts , erecting towers and spires and on constructing missions , settlements , central halls and school rooms had reached incredible amounts .

The only solution appeared to be to go round existing denominational organizations and to create a new body which would emphasize non-political aims and gather a following based on individuals , not denominations .
the only solution appeared to be to go round [being] denominational organizations and to create a new body which would emphasize non-political aims and gather a following based on individuals , not denominations .

When new information arrives that can not be satisfactorily accepted by the existing algorithm or model , then it must be adjusted or a search for a more comprehensive algorithm commences .
when new information arrives that can not be satisfactorily accepted by the [being] algorithm or model , then it must be adjusted or a search for a more comprehensive algorithm commences .

Whether they believe in heaven and hell as places that physically exist with a geography of their own , or as concepts existing on the spiritual plane alone , this view holds good .
whether they believe in heaven and hell as places that physically exist with a geography of their own , or as concepts [being] on the spiritual plane alone , this view holds good .

’ But these and similar reports indicated that , at any rate in such traditionally Catholic conservative areas where Nazism had only partially penetrated the existing sub-culture though where approval of Hitler had for the most part been completely unreserved between about 1938 and 1940 , the gulf between propaganda image and actual reality was now rapidly becoming blatantly obvious .
’ but these and similar reports indicated that , at any rate in such traditionally catholic conservative areas where nazism had only partially penetrated the [being] sub-culture though where approval of hitler had for the most part been completely unreserved between about 1938 and 1940 , the gulf between propaganda image and actual reality was now rapidly becoming blatantly obvious .

Given the state of the war , the undeniable growth of anti-Nazi feeling , and the rising criticism of Hitler himself , which we have been able to document for the years 1942–4 , such reports can hardly have been an accurate reflection of existing attitudes .
given the state of the war , the undeniable growth of anti-nazi feeling , and the rising criticism of hitler himself , which we have been able to document for the years 1942–4 , such reports can hardly have been an accurate reflection of [being] attitudes .

And where the coming mortal conflict with Bolshevism sharpened among Nazi activists the preparedness and taste for uncompromising and brutal struggle , and the idea of Lebensraum and limitless German expansionism provided a future panacea for all national ills and current personal dissatisfactions , the ‘ removal of the Jews ’ offered a current , existing target to be attained , even if the road to the goal was unclear .
and where the coming mortal conflict with bolshevism sharpened among nazi activists the preparedness and taste for uncompromising and brutal struggle , and the idea of lebensraum and limitless german expansionism provided a future panacea for all national ills and current personal dissatisfactions , the ‘ removal of the jews ’ offered a current , [being] target to be attained , even if the road to the goal was unclear .

Only such a crisis , of almost inconceivably devastating proportions — such as might follow a major war — could so undermine and destroy the existing pluralist political structures that a new form of fascist-style charismatic leadership might appear to sizeable proportions of the population to be a viable and attractive solution .
only such a crisis , of almost inconceivably devastating proportions — such as might follow a major war — could so undermine and destroy the [being] pluralist political structures that a new form of fascist-style charismatic leadership might appear to sizeable proportions of the population to be a viable and attractive solution .

We are not mermaids , out at sea , spending all day staring in a hand mirror , existing only in our reflections or in the imaginations and fantasies of others .
we are not mermaids , out at sea , spending all day staring in a hand mirror , [being] only in our reflections or in the imaginations and fantasies of others .

As deputy lieutenants are chosen not by the Queen or the Downing Street appointments secretary , but by the existing lord lieutenant , ‘ subject to the non-disapproval of the Queen ’ , most of the lieutenancy is a self-electing little clique .
as deputy lieutenants are chosen not by the queen or the downing street appointments secretary , but by the [being] lord lieutenant , ‘ subject to the non-disapproval of the queen ’ , most of the lieutenancy is a self-electing little clique .

After this interview , their success or failure depends upon their winning the good opinion of existing judges whose views are canvassed informally by civil servants in the Lord Chancellor 's office .
after this interview , their success or failure depends upon their winning the good opinion of [being] judges whose views are canvassed informally by civil servants in the lord chancellor 's office .

The short list is drawn up on the advice of existing judges , seeking to establish whether the candidates combine the qualities of legal skills , status within the profession and ‘ respectability ’ .
the short list is drawn up on the advice of [being] judges , seeking to establish whether the candidates combine the qualities of legal skills , status within the profession and ‘ respectability ’ .

Taking up the strands of the existing conversation , and wishing to demonstrate a point , he slowly poured his coffee over his piece of pulpy apple pie with the over-elaborate air of a novice waiter serving some especial and expensive delicacy .
taking up the strands of the [being] conversation , and wishing to demonstrate a point , he slowly poured his coffee over his piece of pulpy apple pie with the over-elaborate air of a novice waiter serving some especial and expensive delicacy .

Sites will be easier to find on the edges of existing settlements as low-grade agricultural land is made more easily available for development .
sites will be easier to find on the edges of [being] settlements as low-grade agricultural land is made more easily available for development .

Much existing self-build is stodgy and dull .
much [being] self-build is stodgy and dull .

Many of the biggest companies are refusing to take on new clients with such cars , and are jacking up the premiums on existing business .
many of the biggest companies are refusing to take on new clients with such cars , and are jacking up the premiums on [being] business .

The new system has 20 groups compared with the existing nine group structure .
the new system has 20 groups compared with the [being] nine group structure .

Be sure his management structure is sufficient to support his existing and future plans .
be sure his management structure is sufficient to support his [being] and future plans .

Barclays Bank , which has a six-point plan , also suggests taking to existing franchisees about the product or service to be offered .
barclays bank , which has a six-point plan , also suggests taking to [being] franchisees about the product or service to be offered .

‘ We are deliberately taking it one step at a time … We hope the existing measures will be persuasive , ’ Mr Hurd said .
‘ we are deliberately taking it one step at a time … we hope the [being] measures will be persuasive , ’ mr hurd said .

German police , stretched to their limits in the west and beyond them in the east , are confronted with vast mafia-like structures bound firstly by nationality and secondly by existing criminal hierarchies .
german police , stretched to their limits in the west and beyond them in the east , are confronted with vast mafia-like structures bound firstly by nationality and secondly by [being] criminal hierarchies .

Under existing ownership laws no broadcaster may own more than 15 per cent of an independent company .
under [being] ownership laws no broadcaster may own more than 15 per cent of an independent company .

Existing Golf diesels are sold out , and the first 1992 models with the new larger body in right-hand-drive form began arriving on this side of the Channel last month .
[being] golf diesels are sold out , and the first 1992 models with the new larger body in right-hand-drive form began arriving on this side of the channel last month .

Given that more competitive matches are needed , League One needs expanding , not reducing , under the existing system , in which play-once is the only flaw .
given that more competitive matches are needed , league one needs expanding , not reducing , under the [being] system , in which play-once is the only flaw .

Interest charges became unbearable for many , while the co-operative workers ' existing homes — which were supposed to help pay off the loans — remained stubbornly unsold .
interest charges became unbearable for many , while the co-operative workers ' [being] homes — which were supposed to help pay off the loans — remained stubbornly unsold .

It is rarely , if ever , possible to start with a clean sheet of paper : the starting point has to be the existing force structure and the current consensus of opinion within Whitehall .
it is rarely , if ever , possible to start with a clean sheet of paper : the starting point has to be the [being] force structure and the current consensus of opinion within whitehall .

By then it was usually too late to accelerate existing contracts or to initiate new ones .
by then it was usually too late to accelerate [being] contracts or to initiate new ones .

The majority of potentially battle-winning systems are pursued at or beyond the frontiers of existing technology where the risks of failure are high ; where cost estimates are notoriously uncertain ; and hence where the judgments of the soundest and most experienced men can turn out to be fallacious .
the majority of potentially battle-winning systems are pursued at or beyond the frontiers of [being] technology where the risks of failure are high ; where cost estimates are notoriously uncertain ; and hence where the judgments of the soundest and most experienced men can turn out to be fallacious .

Staff Targets for new weapon systems are most often written for the replacement of existing equipments that are likely to become obsolescent in a specific time-frame .
staff targets for new weapon systems are most often written for the replacement of [being] equipments that are likely to become obsolescent in a specific time-frame .

the only existing safeguard against major aggression is the power to threaten retaliation with nuclear weapons .
the only [being] safeguard against major aggression is the power to threaten retaliation with nuclear weapons .

Greater emphasis would be needed , as Watkinson proposed , on military intervention capability rather than on the existing network of colonial garrisons .
greater emphasis would be needed , as watkinson proposed , on military intervention capability rather than on the [being] network of colonial garrisons .

Promoting legislation to fully protect river dolphins in Peru , Ecuador , Colombia , and Venezuela , and enforcement of existing laws in other areas of river dolphin habitat .
promoting legislation to fully protect river dolphins in peru , ecuador , colombia , and venezuela , and enforcement of [being] laws in other areas of river dolphin habitat .

Independent transport companies that have sought to win business away from existing contractors in the Fulton market have had their lorries damaged and their workers hammered with loading hooks .
independent transport companies that have sought to win business away from [being] contractors in the fulton market have had their lorries damaged and their workers hammered with loading hooks .

Most blue cheeses are cheeses in their own right , but others are treated versions of existing cheeses , eg Cheshire and Blue Cheshire .
most blue cheeses are cheeses in their own right , but others are treated versions of [being] cheeses , eg cheshire and blue cheshire .

The point that in dreams we see things ‘ as existing at a great distance ’ indicates that this objection can be answered , but he acknowledges that some explanation is needed .
the point that in dreams we see things ‘ as [being] at a great distance ’ indicates that this objection can be answered , but he acknowledges that some explanation is needed .

Can there be , Berkeley asks , ‘ a nicer strain of abstraction than to distinguish the existence of sensible objects from their being perceived , so as to conceive them existing unperceived ’ ?
can there be , berkeley asks , ‘ a nicer strain of abstraction than to distinguish the existence of sensible objects from their being perceived , so as to conceive them [being] unperceived ’ ?

It can not be , he says , that ‘ figure , motion , and the rest of the primary or original qualities do exist without the mind … [ while ] colours , sounds , heat , cold , and such like secondary qualities … are sensations existing in the mind alone ’ , for ‘ extension , figure , and motion , abstracted from all other qualities , are inconceivable ’ .
it can not be , he says , that ‘ figure , motion , and the rest of the primary or original qualities do exist without the mind … [ while ] colours , sounds , heat , cold , and such like secondary qualities … are sensations [being] in the mind alone ’ , for ‘ extension , figure , and motion , abstracted from all other qualities , are inconceivable ’ .

There are , it was said , no essentially general entities , whether existing apart from particular things , or embodied in them .
there are , it was said , no essentially general entities , whether [being] apart from particular things , or embodied in them .

’ For Locke , then , ‘ general words signify … a sort of thing ’ ; and they do this by being a sign of an abstract idea or nominal essence in the mind , ‘ to which idea , as things existing are found to agree , so they come to be ranked under that name ; or … be of that sort ’ .
’ for locke , then , ‘ general words signify … a sort of thing ’ ; and they do this by being a sign of an abstract idea or nominal essence in the mind , ‘ to which idea , as things [being] are found to agree , so they come to be ranked under that name ; or … be of that sort ’ .

As Berkeley points out , sceptics ‘ exaggerate , and love to enlarge on ’ that part of the seventeenth-century picture of the world according to which independently existing material things have a real essence of which we are ignorant .
as berkeley points out , sceptics ‘ exaggerate , and love to enlarge on ’ that part of the seventeenth-century picture of the world according to which independently [being] material things have a real essence of which we are ignorant .

Their course is so far short : the first national Green Party founded in New Zealand as the Value Party in 1972 , the next in the United Kingdom in the following year and then a long gap until Ecolo in Belgium in 1980 heralded a rush either to set up or amalgamate existing groups into parties in the early and mid-1980s .
their course is so far short : the first national green party founded in new zealand as the value party in 1972 , the next in the united kingdom in the following year and then a long gap until ecolo in belgium in 1980 heralded a rush either to set up or amalgamate [being] groups into parties in the early and mid-1980s .

The communist Greens insist that Die Grünen 's posture in the Bundestag must be one of ‘ irreconcilable opposition to and critique of existing conditions ’ .
the communist greens insist that die grünen 's posture in the bundestag must be one of ‘ irreconcilable opposition to and critique of [being] conditions ’ .

The Los Angeles bar — home to 26,000 lawyers — reckons that its existing rules , which ‘ prohibit sexual relations with a client when such relations would impair the parties ' decision-making abilities ’ , are sufficient .
the los angeles bar — home to 26,000 lawyers — reckons that its [being] rules , which ‘ prohibit sexual relations with a client when such relations would impair the parties ' decision-making abilities ’ , are sufficient .

To keep existing contracts on schedule while meeting emergency requirements from the ministry , the site has moved from a five-to a seven-day week , and working hours since early November have more or less doubled .
to keep [being] contracts on schedule while meeting emergency requirements from the ministry , the site has moved from a five-to a seven-day week , and working hours since early november have more or less doubled .

The best way to use a robot is to help an existing workforce improve manufacturing reliability and quality .
the best way to use a robot is to help an [being] workforce improve manufacturing reliability and quality .

While other media groups relied on acquisitions for growth , the Tribune Company concentrated on wringing more profits out of existing properties in its newspaper , television and entertainment empire .
while other media groups relied on acquisitions for growth , the tribune company concentrated on wringing more profits out of [being] properties in its newspaper , television and entertainment empire .

Most investors in any industry have preferred to build new factories rather than take over existing businesses .
most investors in any industry have preferred to build new factories rather than take over [being] businesses .

Many of the orders were based on over-optimistic plans for expansion rather than the replacement of existing aircraft .
many of the orders were based on over-optimistic plans for expansion rather than the replacement of [being] aircraft .

Iraqi chemical-weapons factories had suffered ‘ considerable damage ’ , but much of Mr Hussein 's existing chemical stockpile was dispersed and could still be used in bombs , short-range rockets and artillery shells .
iraqi chemical-weapons factories had suffered ‘ considerable damage ’ , but much of mr hussein 's [being] chemical stockpile was dispersed and could still be used in bombs , short-range rockets and artillery shells .

On some estimates , perhaps another SFr15 billion was added to the existing SFr1.5 trillion hoard during the first month of the Gulf crisis , and more has no doubt followed .
on some estimates , perhaps another sfr15 billion was added to the [being] sfr1.5 trillion hoard during the first month of the gulf crisis , and more has no doubt followed .

Demand for steel had slumped throughout Europe and there was no way we could sustain the industry at its existing size .
demand for steel had slumped throughout europe and there was no way we could sustain the industry at its [being] size .

But dividing up the existing budget to reflect new priorities meant giving more in some areas and less in others .
but dividing up the [being] budget to reflect new priorities meant giving more in some areas and less in others .

Contrary to the industry 's predictions , existing company schemes have not collapsed .
contrary to the industry 's predictions , [being] company schemes have not collapsed .

Out went references to the Atlantic alliance and to ‘ respect ’ for the existing communities ( economic , atomic , and coal and steel ) .
out went references to the atlantic alliance and to ‘ respect ’ for the [being] communities ( economic , atomic , and coal and steel ) .

So exploiting the capacity of existing stations has become a priority .
so exploiting the capacity of [being] stations has become a priority .

Mr Andreotti , inveterate beneficiary of the existing system , is hostile to Mr Segni 's proposals , but has surprised his own party by expressing interest in Mr Craxi 's idea .
mr andreotti , inveterate beneficiary of the [being] system , is hostile to mr segni 's proposals , but has surprised his own party by expressing interest in mr craxi 's idea .

Banc One leaves in place most of an acquired bank 's existing management , with a handful of parent-bank staff moving into some of the top jobs .
banc one leaves in place most of an acquired bank 's [being] management , with a handful of parent-bank staff moving into some of the top jobs .

Banks covering 28 % of the debt said they would make loans equivalent to 20 % of their existing exposure .
banks covering 28 % of the debt said they would make loans equivalent to 20 % of their [being] exposure .

Crowley and Ericsson , two western firms , claim that only six-nine months and $ 100m would be needed to fit seven Polish cities with mobile-telephone networks compatible with the existing systems .
crowley and ericsson , two western firms , claim that only six-nine months and $ 100m would be needed to fit seven polish cities with mobile-telephone networks compatible with the [being] systems .

Encouraged by management theorists , big firms convinced themselves that they could apply their existing pool of manufacturing and management experience to any business .
encouraged by management theorists , big firms convinced themselves that they could apply their [being] pool of manufacturing and management experience to any business .

What diversifiers should have done instead , reckons Mr Chandler ( a point on which he is in wholehearted agreement with folk such as Mr Peters ) , was to concentrate their resources on ‘ reinventing ’ their existing businesses .
what diversifiers should have done instead , reckons mr chandler ( a point on which he is in wholehearted agreement with folk such as mr peters ) , was to concentrate their resources on ‘ reinventing ’ their [being] businesses .

They feel that these systems are expensive and unnecessary , especially since they undermine firms ' existing facilities for small orders .
they feel that these systems are expensive and unnecessary , especially since they undermine firms ' [being] facilities for small orders .

Western support for tearing up existing loan deals , then , held the key to Mexico 's success .
western support for tearing up [being] loan deals , then , held the key to mexico 's success .

During the past two years work on seven nuclear power stations has been halted , two existing ones have been closed , and the planned construction of four more has been cancelled .
during the past two years work on seven nuclear power stations has been halted , two [being] ones have been closed , and the planned construction of four more has been cancelled .

There has been some increase in equity finance , by listed firms as well as new entrants , but it is restrained by a system giving pre-emptive rights to existing shareholders ( as in Britain , shareholders must be given first grabs at new issues ) , under ponderous rules that mean an issue takes three weeks .
there has been some increase in equity finance , by listed firms as well as new entrants , but it is restrained by a system giving pre-emptive rights to [being] shareholders ( as in britain , shareholders must be given first grabs at new issues ) , under ponderous rules that mean an issue takes three weeks .

The typical small businessman in Hong Kong now has business interests in southern China , to complement his existing connections through kinship , and would much prefer that a cheaper project be put in place , with a view to the needs of Greater Hong Kong as they will be in the 21st century — this after full consultation with the Chinese authorities .
the typical small businessman in hong kong now has business interests in southern china , to complement his [being] connections through kinship , and would much prefer that a cheaper project be put in place , with a view to the needs of greater hong kong as they will be in the 21st century — this after full consultation with the chinese authorities .

Hanson buys firms either because it believes them to be under-managed , or because it believes the firms ' existing managers have over-extended themselves .
hanson buys firms either because it believes them to be under-managed , or because it believes the firms ' [being] managers have over-extended themselves .

America 's chapter 11 bankruptcy is too kind to a troubled company 's existing managers and shareholders , and too harsh on creditors
america 's chapter 11 bankruptcy is too kind to a troubled company 's [being] managers and shareholders , and too harsh on creditors

Chapter 11 is different from British ‘ receivership ’ , where the courts mostly sack existing management and put a finance — but , some would say , not a business — expert in charge .
chapter 11 is different from british ‘ receivership ’ , where the courts mostly sack [being] management and put a finance — but , some would say , not a business — expert in charge .

Worthwhile parts of the firm will be bought by some other firm that can make use of them — perhaps better use than the existing management .
worthwhile parts of the firm will be bought by some other firm that can make use of them — perhaps better use than the [being] management .

Most unpopular are subsidies to attract a buyer to take over an existing home so the seller is released to trade up .
most unpopular are subsidies to attract a buyer to take over an [being] home so the seller is released to trade up .

First-buyers can be excused for favouring discounts and cheap mortgages , because they have no existing place to unload .
first-buyers can be excused for favouring discounts and cheap mortgages , because they have no [being] place to unload .

And they look down their noses at schemes devised by builders which may offer £100 a month to encourage a potential purchaser of their existing home .
and they look down their noses at schemes devised by builders which may offer £100 a month to encourage a potential purchaser of their [being] home .

Now the £249 Atari Portfolio claims to offer crucial functionality to every inside pocket — or at least to replace its own bulk in existing inhabitants .
now the £249 atari portfolio claims to offer crucial functionality to every inside pocket — or at least to replace its own bulk in [being] inhabitants .

Development costs could be reduced by expanding these existing nuclear sites which are currently used primarily to produce fuel for military purposes .
development costs could be reduced by expanding these [being] nuclear sites which are currently used primarily to produce fuel for military purposes .

Construction could be caried out as a joint venture with the new state-owned company set up to operate all existing nuclear plant .
construction could be caried out as a joint venture with the new state-owned company set up to operate all [being] nuclear plant .

The remaining chunk of British Land 's existing portfolio — including all its blue-chip investments such as Plantation House in the City of London — will be sold off .
the remaining chunk of british land 's [being] portfolio — including all its blue-chip investments such as plantation house in the city of london — will be sold off .

As part of the deal , British Land 's existing shareholders will receive 13 shares in the new company for every 40 they own .
as part of the deal , british land 's [being] shareholders will receive 13 shares in the new company for every 40 they own .

Financial support for East European economies will have to be allocated among Western countries : budgetary politics on a scale which will dwarf the arguments over existing Community expenditure .
financial support for east european economies will have to be allocated among western countries : budgetary politics on a scale which will dwarf the arguments over [being] community expenditure .

‘ If Mr Gorbachev rejects the invasion , ’ the playwright said , ‘ the existing leadership in Czechoslovakia will lose its legitimacy .
‘ if mr gorbachev rejects the invasion , ’ the playwright said , ‘ the [being] leadership in czechoslovakia will lose its legitimacy .

Between the 14th day of September 1987 and the 8th day of January 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in Blue Arrow , or National Westminster Bank , or in dealing on the Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 By dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of Blue Arrow ; 2.2 By falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by existing shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 By falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in Blue Arrow held by County NatWest Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 By falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in Blue Arrow held by Phillips & Drew Securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 By dealing off market with Union Bank of Switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in Blue Arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 By creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 October 1987 from Nicholas Wells on behalf of County NatWest to Union Bank Of Switzerland ; 2.7 By engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of Blue Arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 By purchasing and retaining 2,150 Financial Times Stock Exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in Blue Arrow , where Blue Arrow and National Westminster Bank were both component parts of that index .
between the 14th day of september 1987 and the 8th day of january 1988 conspired together and with other persons to defraud such persons who had or might have had an interest in dealing in shares in blue arrow , or national westminster bank , or in dealing on the financial times stock exchange 100 share index , namely : 2.1 by dishonestly concealing holdings of 19.39 per cent of the share capital of blue arrow ; 2.2 by falsely stating that all remaining shares not taken up in the rights issue by [being] shareholders had been sold in the market ; 2.3 by falsely representing that 33,315,528 shares in blue arrow held by county natwest securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.4 by falsely representing that 34,069,433 shares in blue arrow held by phillips & drew securities were held for the purposes of market making ; 2.5 by dealing off market with union bank of switzerland in 28,201,743 shares in blue arrow when by reason of their connection with that company they were knowingly in possession of un-published price sensitive information ; 2.6 by creating a false instrument , namely a letter of indemnity dated 5 october 1987 from nicholas wells on behalf of county natwest to union bank of switzerland ; 2.7 by engaging in a course of conduct which created a false or misleading impression as to the market in the shares of blue arrow for the purpose of creating such an impression and thereby influencing persons who might deal in those shares ; 2.8 by purchasing and retaining 2,150 financial times stock exchange 100 share index put option contracts to cover a risk of £51,500,000 whilst concealing from the market the true position in relation to the rights issue and the subsequent placing of shares in blue arrow , where blue arrow and national westminster bank were both component parts of that index .

any scheme would fall down if all existing motorists into the capital agreed to meet the £3 — £4 charge .
any scheme would fall down if all [being] motorists into the capital agreed to meet the £3 — £4 charge .

But he added : ‘ Everybody recognises that the Government has to hold on to an existing policy until the replacement is ready to put in place , and clearly the Secretary of State has to hold to his policy until an alternative has been agreed . ’
but he added : ‘ everybody recognises that the government has to hold on to an [being] policy until the replacement is ready to put in place , and clearly the secretary of state has to hold to his policy until an alternative has been agreed . ’

The television experiment will , among other things , be another interesting test of the medium 's power to change existing reality .
the television experiment will , among other things , be another interesting test of the medium 's power to change [being] reality .

Mr Colin Kirkland , its technical director , described as absolute nonsense a report in New Civil Engineer magazine that research into existing subsea tunnels shows that ‘ Channel tunnel wall sections as used on the French side will not be able to resist corrosion for their 120-year design life . ’
mr colin kirkland , its technical director , described as absolute nonsense a report in new civil engineer magazine that research into [being] subsea tunnels shows that ‘ channel tunnel wall sections as used on the french side will not be able to resist corrosion for their 120-year design life . ’

An augmented roman alphabet , still based on prehistoric cave drawings , would retain the physical defects of many of the existing letters .
an augmented roman alphabet , still based on prehistoric cave drawings , would retain the physical defects of many of the [being] letters .

Lloyd proposes that King 's should get the east wing , facing its existing building , and the Prince 's Institute ( temporarily domiciled in Regent 's Park ) half of the west wing .
lloyd proposes that king 's should get the east wing , facing its [being] building , and the prince 's institute ( temporarily domiciled in regent 's park ) half of the west wing .

The existing users of the buildings would also have to be rehoused , although some of the taxmen are already set to move to Nottingham under the Civil Service 's dispersal programme .
the [being] users of the buildings would also have to be rehoused , although some of the taxmen are already set to move to nottingham under the civil service 's dispersal programme .

Mirror appointed a second merchant bank adviser , Schroder Wagg , at the end of last year to work alongside its existing adviser , Samuel Montagu , which handled its flotation last May .
mirror appointed a second merchant bank adviser , schroder wagg , at the end of last year to work alongside its [being] adviser , samuel montagu , which handled its flotation last may .

Mirror appointed a second merchant bank adviser , Schroder Wagg , at the end of last year to work alongside its existing adviser , Samuel Montagu , which handled its flotation last May .
mirror appointed a second merchant bank adviser , schroder wagg , at the end of last year to work alongside its [being] adviser , samuel montagu , which handled its flotation last may .

‘ The difference between the fixed rate and their standard variable rate is often quite small after allowing for exit penalties from their existing loan and the start up costs of the new . ’
‘ the difference between the fixed rate and their standard variable rate is often quite small after allowing for exit penalties from their [being] loan and the start up costs of the new . ’

Mrs Blair added that any move away from the bid and offer system to single pricing would not be accepted if it threatened to reduce or ‘ dilute ’ the value of existing unit holders investments .
mrs blair added that any move away from the bid and offer system to single pricing would not be accepted if it threatened to reduce or ‘ dilute ’ the value of [being] unit holders investments .

Recent pressure to end the obligation of junior officers to salute or stand in the presence of their seniors and recommendations to scrap the existing discipline code for a new ‘ code of ethics ’ applicable equally to all had dangerous implications , said Deputy Assistant Commissioner Lawrence Roach .
recent pressure to end the obligation of junior officers to salute or stand in the presence of their seniors and recommendations to scrap the [being] discipline code for a new ‘ code of ethics ’ applicable equally to all had dangerous implications , said deputy assistant commissioner lawrence roach .

He is trying to force through an entirely new system of democratic election by exploiting an arithmetical vagary of our existing one .
he is trying to force through an entirely new system of democratic election by exploiting an arithmetical vagary of our [being] one .

The sharing of part of its freight line corridor at Sheffield is a sign of things to come , since the running of light rapid transit vehicles along existing British Rail track , interspersed with its own services , is under investigation .
the sharing of part of its freight line corridor at sheffield is a sign of things to come , since the running of light rapid transit vehicles along [being] british rail track , interspersed with its own services , is under investigation .

It repeals a duty conferred on them by the existing regime to monitor the wholesomeness of water in their areas .
it repeals a duty conferred on them by the [being] regime to monitor the wholesomeness of water in their areas .

it is still far too common to see charges applied to accounts , or interest rates changed , without customers being fully informed , and to see new types of accounts opened without existing customers being told that they could benefit from them .
it is still far too common to see charges applied to accounts , or interest rates changed , without customers being fully informed , and to see new types of accounts opened without [being] customers being told that they could benefit from them .

We will give users control over the options for care and provide services in a way which guarantees individuals maximum independence while retaining existing community links .
we will give users control over the options for care and provide services in a way which guarantees individuals maximum independence while retaining [being] community links .

Are existing professional forms able to meet the danger of managerialism and how well prepared are they to do so in the future ?
are [being] professional forms able to meet the danger of managerialism and how well prepared are they to do so in the future ?

Objectives will be redefined more frequently than aims , usually at annual intervals or more regularly , following evaluation of existing activities .
objectives will be redefined more frequently than aims , usually at annual intervals or more regularly , following evaluation of [being] activities .

There is no significant attempt to assess the validity of existing spending patterns .
there is no significant attempt to assess the validity of [being] spending patterns .

Use of his self-analysis inventory can help an existing team to diagnose the behavioural factors which might explain its failure or success .
use of his self-analysis inventory can help an [being] team to diagnose the behavioural factors which might explain its failure or success .

The illogicality of the existing hierarchical model for educational institutions is highlighted by applying the following criteria :
the illogicality of the [being] hierarchical model for educational institutions is highlighted by applying the following criteria :

The implementation of local management of schools , the national curriculum , appraisal and the need for marketing all impose demands upon institutions which will be impossible to meet if existing structures are retained .
the implementation of local management of schools , the national curriculum , appraisal and the need for marketing all impose demands upon institutions which will be impossible to meet if [being] structures are retained .

The existing protection provided for people engaged in especially hazardous work will be retained .
the [being] protection provided for people engaged in especially hazardous work will be retained .

We will not invest in new nuclear power stations , continue with those in the planning process or extend the lives of existing nuclear stations beyond their safe life span .
we will not invest in new nuclear power stations , continue with those in the planning process or extend the lives of [being] nuclear stations beyond their safe life span .

We will establish , in the lifetime of a full Parliament , an elected Welsh Assembly in Cardiff with powers and functions which reflect the existing administrative structure .
we will establish , in the lifetime of a full parliament , an elected welsh assembly in cardiff with powers and functions which reflect the [being] administrative structure .

The dredging and deepening of long lengths of the existing canal ;
the dredging and deepening of long lengths of the [being] canal ;

No canal crossing the constantly changing contours of the English Midlands ever had enough water , so a significant increase in traffic would only be possible if existing supplies were conserved and more supplies developed .
no canal crossing the constantly changing contours of the english midlands ever had enough water , so a significant increase in traffic would only be possible if [being] supplies were conserved and more supplies developed .

In existing plants and cyanobacteria , the two components of photosynthesis are very closely linked , and run as one smooth , continuous process .
in [being] plants and cyanobacteria , the two components of photosynthesis are very closely linked , and run as one smooth , continuous process .

And thirdly , when buying out looked more likely from the 1960's onwards , as members increasingly voiced dissatisfaction at the Club 's management , some existing bondholders played hard to get , clearly reluctant in several instances and for reasons unrecorded , to give us what it had never been intended should be a permanent arrangement or the basis of an elite .
and thirdly , when buying out looked more likely from the 1960's onwards , as members increasingly voiced dissatisfaction at the club 's management , some [being] bondholders played hard to get , clearly reluctant in several instances and for reasons unrecorded , to give us what it had never been intended should be a permanent arrangement or the basis of an elite .

The membership was down to 298 and existing members were urged to get friends to join .
the membership was down to 298 and [being] members were urged to get friends to join .

Year after year the crisis never climaxed , perhaps prevented from doing so by the Committee 's success in improving the course and keeping the existing members together .
year after year the crisis never climaxed , perhaps prevented from doing so by the committee 's success in improving the course and keeping the [being] members together .

shots , although some doughty souls had a go for the green from the tee using the existing oak tree as being to the left of the ideal line ; ( 3 ) reconstructing the 13th afresh and ( 4 ) taking back the 14th tee box considerably as now .
shots , although some doughty souls had a go for the green from the tee using the [being] oak tree as being to the left of the ideal line ; ( 3 ) reconstructing the 13th afresh and ( 4 ) taking back the 14th tee box considerably as now .

The mechanism of change , the cultural ‘ instruction ’ as Cloak ( 1975 ) calls it , has much the same function in the historical process as genes have had in biological evolution , but the ‘ instruction ’ in cultural change is usually an acquired behavioural injunction existing in a world of meanings : the cognitive , although not always conscious , appreciation of their social environment by a human community .
the mechanism of change , the cultural ‘ instruction ’ as cloak ( 1975 ) calls it , has much the same function in the historical process as genes have had in biological evolution , but the ‘ instruction ’ in cultural change is usually an acquired behavioural injunction [being] in a world of meanings : the cognitive , although not always conscious , appreciation of their social environment by a human community .

It is also possible that cultural adaptations during this phase may have selected genetic bases for behaviour in ways that ensured the development of social strategies designed to ensure that individuals fitted well into the existing social structure .
it is also possible that cultural adaptations during this phase may have selected genetic bases for behaviour in ways that ensured the development of social strategies designed to ensure that individuals fitted well into the [being] social structure .

The existing system seems to be a compromise between a female strategy that would favour monogamy and a male one favouring polygyny ( Downhower and Armitage 1971 ) .
the [being] system seems to be a compromise between a female strategy that would favour monogamy and a male one favouring polygyny ( downhower and armitage 1971 ) .

As existing dominant males age so doubtless can the collaborative attacks of younger animals prove increasingly effective .
as [being] dominant males age so doubtless can the collaborative attacks of younger animals prove increasingly effective .

The newcomer trades his forbearance of the existing young against the collaboration of the old male in retaining the harem .
the newcomer trades his forbearance of the [being] young against the collaboration of the old male in retaining the harem .

Man is derived from an ancestor that he holds in common with the existing great apes .
man is derived from an ancestor that he holds in common with the [being] great apes .

If the inmates do not co-operate , their few existing privileges will be taken away .
if the inmates do not co-operate , their few [being] privileges will be taken away .

The existing strict arrangements for nuclear waste will be maintained .
the [being] strict arrangements for nuclear waste will be maintained .

We will legislate to provide a new 1 per cent incentive for holders of personal pensions aged 30 and over from April 1993 , when the existing incentive ends .
we will legislate to provide a new 1 per cent incentive for holders of personal pensions aged 30 and over from april 1993 , when the [being] incentive ends .

Disability Living Allowance will bring together the existing Attendance and Mobility Allowance , providing new help to many disabled people who at present get no such help .
disability living allowance will bring together the [being] attendance and mobility allowance , providing new help to many disabled people who at present get no such help .

So we are determined to encourage a strong private rented sector while continuing to safeguard the rights of existing regulated tenants .
so we are determined to encourage a strong private rented sector while continuing to safeguard the rights of [being] regulated tenants .

And we will improve the existing Right to Repair .
and we will improve the [being] right to repair .

By franchising , we will give the private sector the fullest opportunity to operate existing passenger railway services .
by franchising , we will give the private sector the fullest opportunity to operate [being] passenger railway services .

They would say that by existing things reflect the presence in them of that which transcends them .
they would say that by [being] things reflect the presence in them of that which transcends them .

They attempt to point out ways in which the world bears its self-insufficiency in its fundamental constitution , as being what it is , as existing .
they attempt to point out ways in which the world bears its self-insufficiency in its fundamental constitution , as being what it is , as [being] .

Remove the headgear , then use a flat-bladed screwdriver to lever out the existing jumper
remove the headgear , then use a flat-bladed screwdriver to lever out the [being] jumper

If using the existing door frame , remove the old door and its hinges
if using the [being] door frame , remove the old door and its hinges

Remove any existing weather bar by prising it away with an old chisel
remove any [being] weather bar by prising it away with an old chisel

Select a new radiator that is the closest possible match to the existing one in terms of height and length .
select a new radiator that is the closest possible match to the [being] one in terms of height and length .

It 's generally easier to plan for entirely new pipework , with the existing runs simply capped off and left in their present place .
it 's generally easier to plan for entirely new pipework , with the [being] runs simply capped off and left in their present place .

Start at the new radiator position and work back towards the point at which you will connect into the existing pipework .
start at the new radiator position and work back towards the point at which you will connect into the [being] pipework .

The existing ceiling joists must also be fire-protected with an overlay of glass fibre insulation , and new joists installed .
the [being] ceiling joists must also be fire-protected with an overlay of glass fibre insulation , and new joists installed .

Spindles and balustrades can be turned to match existing staircase .
spindles and balustrades can be turned to match [being] staircase .

The new provisions for smoke detectors will be enforced by each local authority , as part of its existing Building Control function .
the new provisions for smoke detectors will be enforced by each local authority , as part of its [being] building control function .

The acquisition of existing agencies has significantly widened our geographical representation and has been achieved at considerably lower costs than incurred by others who had previously entered the business .
the acquisition of [being] agencies has significantly widened our geographical representation and has been achieved at considerably lower costs than incurred by others who had previously entered the business .

Or simply transfer a sum from your existing Birmingham Midshires branch together with your completed Application Form .
or simply transfer a sum from your [being] birmingham midshires branch together with your completed application form .

Once your account has been opened and is running satisfactorily , requests for further loans will be considered on the existing account with the minimum of formality .
once your account has been opened and is running satisfactorily , requests for further loans will be considered on the [being] account with the minimum of formality .

As a result of Section 89 of the Companies Act 1985 , if the Directors wish to allot the unissued shares for cash ( other than pursuant to an employee share scheme ) , they must in the first instance offer them to existing shareholders in proportion to their holdings .
as a result of section 89 of the companies act 1985 , if the directors wish to allot the unissued shares for cash ( other than pursuant to an employee share scheme ) , they must in the first instance offer them to [being] shareholders in proportion to their holdings .

There may be occasions , however , when in order to act in the best interests of the Company , the Directors will need the flexibility to finance business opportunities as they arise by the issue of ordinary shares without a pre-VXKVK offer to existing shareholders .
there may be occasions , however , when in order to act in the best interests of the company , the directors will need the flexibility to finance business opportunities as they arise by the issue of ordinary shares without a pre-vxkvk offer to [being] shareholders .

The resolution is in substantially the same form as last year 's resolution , with the same limit of 5 % of the issued ordinary share capital being imposed on the issue of new shares without first offering those securities to existing shareholders .
the resolution is in substantially the same form as last year 's resolution , with the same limit of 5 % of the issued ordinary share capital being imposed on the issue of new shares without first offering those securities to [being] shareholders .

Any shares issued under the proposed British Gas ( Overseas Employees ) Share Option Scheme and any future share schemes established for overseas employees will count against existing limits .
any shares issued under the proposed british gas ( overseas employees ) share option scheme and any future share schemes established for overseas employees will count against [being] limits .

Alterations to existing employee share schemes ( Resolution 13 )
alterations to [being] employee share schemes ( resolution 13 )

The Directors propose a number of changes to the two existing schemes , the British Gas Employee Profit Sharing Scheme and the British Gas Sharesave Scheme .
the directors propose a number of changes to the two [being] schemes , the british gas employee profit sharing scheme and the british gas sharesave scheme .

It is proposed to give the Directors the authority to alter the schemes to take account of or comply with any changes in any proposed or existing legislation affecting the schemes , or to take account of any take-over or reconstruction of the Company or to obtain or maintain favourable taxation treatment of the Company , any subsidiary or any participant , in each case excluding any changes which affect the basic structure of the schemes or the limits on the number of shares which may be subscribed for under the schemes .
it is proposed to give the directors the authority to alter the schemes to take account of or comply with any changes in any proposed or [being] legislation affecting the schemes , or to take account of any take-over or reconstruction of the company or to obtain or maintain favourable taxation treatment of the company , any subsidiary or any participant , in each case excluding any changes which affect the basic structure of the schemes or the limits on the number of shares which may be subscribed for under the schemes .

And as one of our existing policyholders , you are now invited to take advantage of this special Plan .
and as one of our [being] policyholders , you are now invited to take advantage of this special plan .

We 've relaxed many usual conditions to make applying even easier for our existing policyholders .
we 've relaxed many usual conditions to make applying even easier for our [being] policyholders .

The Sun Alliance Personal Accident Plan has been exclusively developed for our existing Sun Alliance Policyholders .
the sun alliance personal accident plan has been exclusively developed for our [being] sun alliance policyholders .

With HeadStart 531 you need n't simply match your existing mortgage .
with headstart 531 you need n't simply match your [being] mortgage .

But the Barclays Franchise Pack can guide you in making that decision by prompting the questions that you should ask of both yourself , the prospective franchiser , and even some of the existing franchisees .
but the barclays franchise pack can guide you in making that decision by prompting the questions that you should ask of both yourself , the prospective franchiser , and even some of the [being] franchisees .

We are able to maintain our existing premium rates for these sections of your policy .
we are able to maintain our [being] premium rates for these sections of your policy .

Choice of the insurer is yours and an existing policy can be considered , although in such cases it may require depositing with the bank as security .
choice of the insurer is yours and an [being] policy can be considered , although in such cases it may require depositing with the bank as security .

This affordable scheme not only covers you for loss of income , but is useful for the unforeseen expenses as well . Claims of this type from existing Policyholders show it pays to take out a NatWest Hospital Income Plan :
this affordable scheme not only covers you for loss of income , but is useful for the unforeseen expenses as well . claims of this type from [being] policyholders show it pays to take out a natwest hospital income plan :

Some small and new businesses have the problem of satisfying normal requirements for receiving finance , most commonly through lack of capital and/or appropriate security or because available security has already been exhausted in guaranteeing existing finance .
some small and new businesses have the problem of satisfying normal requirements for receiving finance , most commonly through lack of capital and/or appropriate security or because available security has already been exhausted in guaranteeing [being] finance .

If you have a new or existing business located in a rural area and employ fewer than 20 people , you may be eligible to benefit from a Rural Businessloan .
if you have a new or [being] business located in a rural area and employ fewer than 20 people , you may be eligible to benefit from a rural businessloan .

If you wish to market a new or existing product or service , you can benefit from our specialist advice .
if you wish to market a new or [being] product or service , you can benefit from our specialist advice .

can use existing or new pension plan from any major insurance company
can use [being] or new pension plan from any major insurance company

Existing business would be threatened .
[being] business would be threatened .

Can the work be reallocated so that existing staff absorb it ?
can the work be reallocated so that [being] staff absorb it ?

Is my existing staff working to full capacity ?
is my [being] staff working to full capacity ?

The existing knowledge about the employee from inside the organization makes it easier to decide whether he or she is able to perform the work well .
the [being] knowledge about the employee from inside the organization makes it easier to decide whether he or she is able to perform the work well .

the meeting takes the wrong direction by cutting across existing organizational strategy
the meeting takes the wrong direction by cutting across [being] organizational strategy

As an existing Midland customer , your acceptance into this Plan is guaranteed without a medical examination or even any medical questions to answer providing you reply before 27 April 1990 , and are eligible .
as an [being] midland customer , your acceptance into this plan is guaranteed without a medical examination or even any medical questions to answer providing you reply before 27 april 1990 , and are eligible .

Just about every retail purchase you make with the Card is immediately covered by Purchase Protection against accidental damage , loss or theft for up to 90 days and begins where any existing cover you may already have leaves off , up to £20,000 per Cardmember .
just about every retail purchase you make with the card is immediately covered by purchase protection against accidental damage , loss or theft for up to 90 days and begins where any [being] cover you may already have leaves off , up to £20,000 per cardmember .

Despite a cut back on subsidies , existing land ownership laws still encourage clearance for ranches .
despite a cut back on subsidies , [being] land ownership laws still encourage clearance for ranches .

Existing laws actively encourage clearance of forests for cattle ranching .
[being] laws actively encourage clearance of forests for cattle ranching .

Existing on a small pension , Doris ca n't afford a fridge and has to buy fresh food nearly every day .
[being] on a small pension , doris ca n't afford a fridge and has to buy fresh food nearly every day .

He also weeds the existing beds , prunes the roses and , as well as all the other seasonal jobs , cuts the lawns and hedges .
he also weeds the [being] beds , prunes the roses and , as well as all the other seasonal jobs , cuts the lawns and hedges .

He has built a new cowshed in the last year , and it is of brick and Cotswold stone — in keeping with the existing buildings .
he has built a new cowshed in the last year , and it is of brick and cotswold stone — in keeping with the [being] buildings .

Large numbers of us in this country are getting fed up of being talked down to and dictated to by the existing planning , architectural and development establishment .
large numbers of us in this country are getting fed up of being talked down to and dictated to by the [being] planning , architectural and development establishment .

He even envisaged the absorption of East Germany into the Twelve , not as a new state but as an ‘ extension of the territory of an existing member ’ .
he even envisaged the absorption of east germany into the twelve , not as a new state but as an ‘ extension of the territory of an [being] member ’ .

Mr McAvoy said : ‘ Ultimately , the campaign 's purpose is to persuade the Government to change its existing policy on an issue which will become even more sensitive over the next 12 months . ’
mr mcavoy said : ‘ ultimately , the campaign 's purpose is to persuade the government to change its [being] policy on an issue which will become even more sensitive over the next 12 months . ’

Mr Gummer declared that a consultation paper is being drawn up in order to put regulations under an already existing Act before Parliament by the summer .
mr gummer declared that a consultation paper is being drawn up in order to put regulations under an already [being] act before parliament by the summer .

Many such heavy timber beams supporting joists of the first floor were inserted into existing buildings in such a way that their ends may have had an inadequate bearing on to slender timber ‘ storey posts ’ installed adjacent to the party walls .
many such heavy timber beams supporting joists of the first floor were inserted into [being] buildings in such a way that their ends may have had an inadequate bearing on to slender timber ‘ storey posts ’ installed adjacent to the party walls .

Problems often develop where bressummers and storey posts were installed in an existing building because of progressive sagging of the timber as well as the crushing effect of the superincumbent masonry and the onset of rot .
problems often develop where bressummers and storey posts were installed in an [being] building because of progressive sagging of the timber as well as the crushing effect of the superincumbent masonry and the onset of rot .

This measure does not correct the existing deflection but it stiffens the floor to imposed load .
this measure does not correct the [being] deflection but it stiffens the floor to imposed load .

The successful re-use of an existing iron structure depends on the quality of the original construction and whether it has been subjected to significant alterations .
the successful re-use of an [being] iron structure depends on the quality of the original construction and whether it has been subjected to significant alterations .

The existing stone walling was retained and the original massiveness of the east elevation was preserved and even emphasised by retaining the high level ventilation slits and minimising the number of new windows on this sunless side .
the [being] stone walling was retained and the original massiveness of the east elevation was preserved and even emphasised by retaining the high level ventilation slits and minimising the number of new windows on this sunless side .

To give additional light to the new upper-level sitting room , it was decided to insert a group of three fixed windows in the south elevation above an existing opening ( Plate 9 ) and in the north elevation two similar openings were added .
to give additional light to the new upper-level sitting room , it was decided to insert a group of three fixed windows in the south elevation above an [being] opening ( plate 9 ) and in the north elevation two similar openings were added .

Four additional openings were made in this external wall and three existing openings were modified in order to admit adequate light to the altered interior .
four additional openings were made in this external wall and three [being] openings were modified in order to admit adequate light to the altered interior .

The three new windows — which were flanked by brickwork jambs matching the existing brick dressings to the flintwork — were spanned by brick segmental arches , a treatment also applied to the reprofiled opening opposite the former waggon door which accommodates a new sliding aluminium ‘ patio ’ door within a hardwood frame .
the three new windows — which were flanked by brickwork jambs matching the [being] brick dressings to the flintwork — were spanned by brick segmental arches , a treatment also applied to the reprofiled opening opposite the former waggon door which accommodates a new sliding aluminium ‘ patio ’ door within a hardwood frame .

This projection , with the addition of a sliding door at the rear of an existing door opening , could then accommodate a bedroom .
this projection , with the addition of a sliding door at the rear of an [being] door opening , could then accommodate a bedroom .

By excavating the existing ground-floor surface at this south end , it was possible to obtain a minimal , although legally acceptable , 2m ( 6–1/2ft ) headroom for non-habitable accommodation below the gallery .
by excavating the [being] ground-floor surface at this south end , it was possible to obtain a minimal , although legally acceptable , 2m ( 6–1/2ft ) headroom for non-habitable accommodation below the gallery .

The work was carried out during the period 1980–1 and the existing building construction was found to be generally in good condition .
the work was carried out during the period 1980–1 and the [being] building construction was found to be generally in good condition .

An aesthetically satisfactory answer to the need to insert additional windows to light the new lower-level accommodation was found by not only siting the new openings in the same vertical alignment as the original triparite lights , but also by aiming to reproduce the general appearance of the existing windows .
an aesthetically satisfactory answer to the need to insert additional windows to light the new lower-level accommodation was found by not only siting the new openings in the same vertical alignment as the original triparite lights , but also by aiming to reproduce the general appearance of the [being] windows .

Also , expense was spared by the adoption of a simple square-headed shape in contrast to the original arched profile , and it was the cost consideration which similarly led to the new window sills , mullions and lintels being manufactured in reconstructed stone to match the existing dressings , rather than the natural material .
also , expense was spared by the adoption of a simple square-headed shape in contrast to the original arched profile , and it was the cost consideration which similarly led to the new window sills , mullions and lintels being manufactured in reconstructed stone to match the [being] dressings , rather than the natural material .

Despite the architect 's awareness of the radical transformation that would be effected by conversion of the church into dwellings , it remained his objective to retain the essential character and best qualities of the original building and to keep the existing stonework as untouched as possible .
despite the architect 's awareness of the radical transformation that would be effected by conversion of the church into dwellings , it remained his objective to retain the essential character and best qualities of the original building and to keep the [being] stonework as untouched as possible .

The end wall of the aisle , adjoining the main entrance , os the only place where alteration of the existing stonework was undertaken .
the end wall of the aisle , adjoining the main entrance , os the only place where alteration of the [being] stonework was undertaken .

To obtain additional internal volume and a satisfactory relationship between new floor levels and existing or modified window openings , the original ground floor , which consisted of two panels of suspended timber construction under the areas formerly accommodating pews , separated and flanked by strips of tiled floor on a solid base where the gangways ran , was removed to give a further 400mm ( 16in ) of height .
to obtain additional internal volume and a satisfactory relationship between new floor levels and [being] or modified window openings , the original ground floor , which consisted of two panels of suspended timber construction under the areas formerly accommodating pews , separated and flanked by strips of tiled floor on a solid base where the gangways ran , was removed to give a further 400mm ( 16in ) of height .

Thus it can be seen that there is a clear relationship between the depth of each habitable room which is confined to the width of a church 's nave arcade bay and the usable area of the related existing window in the side wall .
thus it can be seen that there is a clear relationship between the depth of each habitable room which is confined to the width of a church 's nave arcade bay and the usable area of the related [being] window in the side wall .

At All Saints and St Barnabas the difficulty of a comparatively small total area of existing windows failing to light adequately a much increased area of floor-space has been overcome in two ways .
at all saints and st barnabas the difficulty of a comparatively small total area of [being] windows failing to light adequately a much increased area of floor-space has been overcome in two ways .

As the existing windows were more than large enough to light the second-storey accommodation to building regulations standards , it was decided to shorten these openings .
as the [being] windows were more than large enough to light the second-storey accommodation to building regulations standards , it was decided to shorten these openings .

As the existing and new foundations are founded on a common ‘ ballast ’ subsoil , it was not found necessary to install movement joints between the new and the old constructions , although this policy was adopted in the reconstruction of St James 's , Knatchbull Road .
as the [being] and new foundations are founded on a common ‘ ballast ’ subsoil , it was not found necessary to install movement joints between the new and the old constructions , although this policy was adopted in the reconstruction of st james 's , knatchbull road .

To introduce daylight into each of the new upper-storey bedrooms , instead of puncturing the patterned brickwork of the gables , it was decided to construct large dormer windows matching the style of the existing windows of the lower storey .
to introduce daylight into each of the new upper-storey bedrooms , instead of puncturing the patterned brickwork of the gables , it was decided to construct large dormer windows matching the style of the [being] windows of the lower storey .

Hence , over this section , it was not necessary to remove the existing ceiling , but a desire to emphasise the still lofty volume of this room caused the client to request the insertion of a ‘ minstrel 's gallery ’ upper level over part of this area .
hence , over this section , it was not necessary to remove the [being] ceiling , but a desire to emphasise the still lofty volume of this room caused the client to request the insertion of a ‘ minstrel 's gallery ’ upper level over part of this area .

Apart from the deepening and modification of the existing central window openings of each main gable to create garden access doors , the only other alterations to the external appearance were modifications to the existing very high classroom windows of the east and south elevations to reconcile them with the newly inserted upper floor and gallery .
apart from the deepening and modification of the [being] central window openings of each main gable to create garden access doors , the only other alterations to the external appearance were modifications to the [being] very high classroom windows of the east and south elevations to reconcile them with the newly inserted upper floor and gallery .

Because these two constructions are at different levels , the existing fixed and ‘ hopper-vent ’ windows of eight lights were removed and replaced with sash-pattern frames incorporating top-hung , open-out casements , boarded panels infilling the gap between the head of the lower-storey vent and the sill of the upper-storey window ( Plate 35 ) .
because these two constructions are at different levels , the [being] fixed and ‘ hopper-vent ’ windows of eight lights were removed and replaced with sash-pattern frames incorporating top-hung , open-out casements , boarded panels infilling the gap between the head of the lower-storey vent and the sill of the upper-storey window ( plate 35 ) .

As applies with the treatment of such windows in the western gables of churches , it is probably kinder to the existing architecture to avoid a ‘ collision ’ between the new floor and the broad and high-arched opening .
as applies with the treatment of such windows in the western gables of churches , it is probably kinder to the [being] architecture to avoid a ‘ collision ’ between the new floor and the broad and high-arched opening .

The rival method of using metal rollers for milling corn had been tried as early as the sixteenth century but was generally only adopted for malt-milling until , in 1834 , a Swiss engineer substituted rollers for the original stones in the reconstruction of an existing mill .
the rival method of using metal rollers for milling corn had been tried as early as the sixteenth century but was generally only adopted for malt-milling until , in 1834 , a swiss engineer substituted rollers for the original stones in the reconstruction of an [being] mill .

More importantly , the existing upper floor of this outshot proved to be too close to the lean-to roof to give a habitable room-height , so rather than raise up the roof level of the entire extension , it was decided to reduce the level of the upper floor to create adequate headroom .
more importantly , the [being] upper floor of this outshot proved to be too close to the lean-to roof to give a habitable room-height , so rather than raise up the roof level of the entire extension , it was decided to reduce the level of the upper floor to create adequate headroom .

Internally , the existing building incorporated floors on seven levels because the floor levels of the Victorian extension did not ally with those of the original block .
internally , the [being] building incorporated floors on seven levels because the floor levels of the victorian extension did not ally with those of the original block .

An existing external door was re-used as the main entrance and the new straight-flight stair , giving access to the first-floor living-rooms , was located on the site off the former upper storeys ' access ladder .
an [being] external door was re-used as the main entrance and the new straight-flight stair , giving access to the first-floor living-rooms , was located on the site off the former upper storeys ' access ladder .

The rest of the ground floor , occupying the Victorian extension of the main block , converted satisfactorily into a garage , boiler room and tankroom for oil storage once the existing timber floor of this section had been replaced by a concrete slab .
the rest of the ground floor , occupying the victorian extension of the main block , converted satisfactorily into a garage , boiler room and tankroom for oil storage once the [being] timber floor of this section had been replaced by a concrete slab .

The great care taken by Michael Manser to conserve the majority of the existing building in his scheme for its conservation was recognised in European Architectural Heritage Year 1975 when he received a Civic Trust Heritage Year Award for the restoration and adaptation of Castle Mill .
the great care taken by michael manser to conserve the majority of the [being] building in his scheme for its conservation was recognised in european architectural heritage year 1975 when he received a civic trust heritage year award for the restoration and adaptation of castle mill .

The condition of the original internal structures and existing buildings was so bad that cost studies showed that , as well as offering higher standards of fire and sound insulation , the provision of an entirely new structure within the retained shell of the building would be cheaper than a process of repairing and upgrading the surviving framing .
the condition of the original internal structures and [being] buildings was so bad that cost studies showed that , as well as offering higher standards of fire and sound insulation , the provision of an entirely new structure within the retained shell of the building would be cheaper than a process of repairing and upgrading the surviving framing .

The existing roof covering was completely stripped and the rafters were brush-cleaned .
the [being] roof covering was completely stripped and the rafters were brush-cleaned .

The fact that the building is listed limited the opportunities for external alterations , and internal layouts had to respect existing window locations ( Fig 60 ) .
the fact that the building is listed limited the opportunities for external alterations , and internal layouts had to respect [being] window locations ( fig 60 ) .

It was possible to leave untouched the greater part of the existing structure .
it was possible to leave untouched the greater part of the [being] structure .

The structural alterations consisted of the removal of the existing goods lifts , the addition of two passenger lifts and the formation of various internal doorways in existing internal masonry .
the structural alterations consisted of the removal of the [being] goods lifts , the addition of two passenger lifts and the formation of various internal doorways in [being] internal masonry .

The hallmarks of Thomas à Kempis 's approach to the religious life are a rigorous inner self-discipline and a conformity , for reasons of humility , to the existing forms of Christianity as met from day to day wherever you happen to be .
the hallmarks of thomas à kempis 's approach to the religious life are a rigorous inner self-discipline and a conformity , for reasons of humility , to the [being] forms of christianity as met from day to day wherever you happen to be .

The first beneficiaries of this new climate were two would-be moguls who seized the opportunity to considerably expand their existing film holdings .
the first beneficiaries of this new climate were two would-be moguls who seized the opportunity to considerably expand their [being] film holdings .

‘ The Community as a whole should make it absolutely clear that it would warmly welcome East Germany joining West Germany on the basis that it was not admitting a new member state to the Community , but simply recognising the extension of the territory of an existing member ’ , he stated .
‘ the community as a whole should make it absolutely clear that it would warmly welcome east germany joining west germany on the basis that it was not admitting a new member state to the community , but simply recognising the extension of the territory of an [being] member ’ , he stated .

The whole Arab League peace plan , he said in effect , belonged to an existing order that was going to be swept away .
the whole arab league peace plan , he said in effect , belonged to an [being] order that was going to be swept away .

It coordinates easily with an existing colour scheme and cushions can be covered in fabric from the wide range available from Laura Ashley shops .
it coordinates easily with an [being] colour scheme and cushions can be covered in fabric from the wide range available from laura ashley shops .

The mixer tap takes the place of the existing bath taps , and can be used either to fill the bath or provide a shower .
the mixer tap takes the place of the [being] bath taps , and can be used either to fill the bath or provide a shower .

While the concerto had sounded complete and satisfying in its original three-movement format , the additional movements opened up new horizons and changed its structural proportions without distorting any of its existing perspectives .
while the concerto had sounded complete and satisfying in its original three-movement format , the additional movements opened up new horizons and changed its structural proportions without distorting any of its [being] perspectives .

Martin Shaw , the Derby director who represents his club on the League management board , said : ‘ The existing rules allow for flexibility in dealing with a case where the player clearly has done nothing wrong himself .
martin shaw , the derby director who represents his club on the league management board , said : ‘ the [being] rules allow for flexibility in dealing with a case where the player clearly has done nothing wrong himself .

This will make them the first and fifth most visited attractions in the world , with the other three being existing Disney sites .
this will make them the first and fifth most visited attractions in the world , with the other three being [being] disney sites .

Caird specialises in buying small waste management and landfill companies , integrating them and bringing them up to existing and proposed European standards on waste disposal .
caird specialises in buying small waste management and landfill companies , integrating them and bringing them up to [being] and proposed european standards on waste disposal .

He said the Thatcher years would be seen as the time ‘ in which existing pensioners missed out on the prosperity afforded to the great majority in this country .
he said the thatcher years would be seen as the time ‘ in which [being] pensioners missed out on the prosperity afforded to the great majority in this country .

John Gummer , Minister of Agriculture , told the conference it would bring together existing strands of work and report directly to David Maclean , the junior minister responsible for food .
john gummer , minister of agriculture , told the conference it would bring together [being] strands of work and report directly to david maclean , the junior minister responsible for food .

Punishment measures will be used instead of existing supervision … multiple orders will mean multiple demands , which in turn will lead to multiple breaches .
punishment measures will be used instead of [being] supervision … multiple orders will mean multiple demands , which in turn will lead to multiple breaches .

Most such attempts , it concluded , are actually perpetrated by authorised users , and can usually be covered by existing law .
most such attempts , it concluded , are actually perpetrated by authorised users , and can usually be covered by [being] law .

Supply would remain in the hands of crooks who would continue to push , but with total impunity , not just to their existing customers but as hard as they could to new ones as well .
supply would remain in the hands of crooks who would continue to push , but with total impunity , not just to their [being] customers but as hard as they could to new ones as well .

It proved to planners and developers that modern , desirable office accommodation could be provided in existing buildings .
it proved to planners and developers that modern , desirable office accommodation could be provided in [being] buildings .

Those lenders who have announced their new rates are the Skipton which goes up from 13.4 per cent to 14.65 per cent ( 14.9 for higher risk lending ) from Monday and Stroud and Swindon which is putting its rate up by 1 per cent to 14.5 per cent immediately for new borrowers and from 1 November for existing loans .
those lenders who have announced their new rates are the skipton which goes up from 13.4 per cent to 14.65 per cent ( 14.9 for higher risk lending ) from monday and stroud and swindon which is putting its rate up by 1 per cent to 14.5 per cent immediately for new borrowers and from 1 november for [being] loans .

‘ They are towns where there is no other big sporting tradition , so ice hockey can attract fans who are eager for any sport rather than have to compete against existing sports .
‘ they are towns where there is no other big sporting tradition , so ice hockey can attract fans who are eager for any sport rather than have to compete against [being] sports .

With a family grave , there will be a fee for opening it up , for moving headstones , and for additional inscriptions on an existing headstone .
with a family grave , there will be a fee for opening it up , for moving headstones , and for additional inscriptions on an [being] headstone .

If the dead person wanted to be buried outside the parish where they lived , the permission of the local clergy must be sought , and can be refused , unless there is space in an existing grave that the family intended for the dead person .
if the dead person wanted to be buried outside the parish where they lived , the permission of the local clergy must be sought , and can be refused , unless there is space in an [being] grave that the family intended for the dead person .

The description is rather slender , but Pater was able to assume some existing knowledge on the part of his reader : ‘ We all know the face and hands of the figure , set in its marble chair , in that circle of fantastic rocks , as in some faint light under sea .
the description is rather slender , but pater was able to assume some [being] knowledge on the part of his reader : ‘ we all know the face and hands of the figure , set in its marble chair , in that circle of fantastic rocks , as in some faint light under sea .

Sculpture parks are an enjoyable innovation of the late twentieth century , or perhaps it would be better to say a welcome adaptation of an existing practice .
sculpture parks are an enjoyable innovation of the late twentieth century , or perhaps it would be better to say a welcome adaptation of an [being] practice .

However , alterations were more often than not effected with some degree of sympathy for the existing fabric and atmosphere .
however , alterations were more often than not effected with some degree of sympathy for the [being] fabric and atmosphere .

In many cases this has resulted in the introduction of faked features and the associated destruction of existing features which , though often of architectural and historic interest in their own right , do not fit in with the designer 's concept of the pub 's ideal form .
in many cases this has resulted in the introduction of faked features and the associated destruction of [being] features which , though often of architectural and historic interest in their own right , do not fit in with the designer 's concept of the pub 's ideal form .

In the most extreme cases the existing building is so different from the ‘ historic ’ pub concept that a virtual rebuild is proposed .
in the most extreme cases the [being] building is so different from the ‘ historic ’ pub concept that a virtual rebuild is proposed .

‘ In European countries , it took the working class years and years before they fully realized the fact that they formed a distinct and , under existing conditions , a permanent class of modern society ; and it took years again until this class-consciousness led them to form themselves into a distinct political party , independent of , and opposed to , all the old political parties formed by the various sections of the ruling classes .
‘ in european countries , it took the working class years and years before they fully realized the fact that they formed a distinct and , under [being] conditions , a permanent class of modern society ; and it took years again until this class-consciousness led them to form themselves into a distinct political party , independent of , and opposed to , all the old political parties formed by the various sections of the ruling classes .

What do you think existing kinds of drama training do for the new actor ?
what do you think [being] kinds of drama training do for the new actor ?

The dual-route model of reading is thus able not only to explain an existing set of data within a simple theoretical model , it also successfully pinpointed the existence of an entirely new type of acquired dyslexia .
the dual-route model of reading is thus able not only to explain an [being] set of data within a simple theoretical model , it also successfully pinpointed the existence of an entirely new type of acquired dyslexia .

If you are replacing existing fitments to redecorate or improve your bathroom it is advisable to consider what equipment suits you best , particularly if you are less mobile , have a disability or are elderly .
if you are replacing [being] fitments to redecorate or improve your bathroom it is advisable to consider what equipment suits you best , particularly if you are less mobile , have a disability or are elderly .

This used existing stone pillars , together with new replicas so that the whole design is very much in keeping with the original architecture .
this used [being] stone pillars , together with new replicas so that the whole design is very much in keeping with the original architecture .

This has the effect of cancelling your existing covenant and in return you commit yourself to making payments under the new covenant .
this has the effect of cancelling your [being] covenant and in return you commit yourself to making payments under the new covenant .

You also need to bear in mind that you may have other payments under existing deeds of covenant or other payments made under Gift Aid in the same tax year , and you will need to have a taxable income at least equal to the gross amount of all these payment , as well as the Gift Aid payment being contemplated , otherwise you will have to account to the Revenue for some tax .
you also need to bear in mind that you may have other payments under [being] deeds of covenant or other payments made under gift aid in the same tax year , and you will need to have a taxable income at least equal to the gross amount of all these payment , as well as the gift aid payment being contemplated , otherwise you will have to account to the revenue for some tax .

Long narrow plots often adjoin older properties and this can give you the opportunity of working existing trees and shrubs into the new design .
long narrow plots often adjoin older properties and this can give you the opportunity of working [being] trees and shrubs into the new design .

The famous paragraph of Article 42 intending to give pride of place to the Roman catholic church in the state was removed by referendum in 1972 , along with the accompanying paragraph recognizing other existing religious groups .
the famous paragraph of article 42 intending to give pride of place to the roman catholic church in the state was removed by referendum in 1972 , along with the accompanying paragraph recognizing other [being] religious groups .

Two years previously , a campaign to write into the Irish constitution the existing legislation criminalizing abortion had got under way under the name of the Pro-Life Amendment Campaign .
two years previously , a campaign to write into the irish constitution the [being] legislation criminalizing abortion had got under way under the name of the pro-life amendment campaign .

In any event , the constitutional proposal to replace the existing prohibition on divorce by a provision to allow it was rejected .
in any event , the constitutional proposal to replace the [being] prohibition on divorce by a provision to allow it was rejected .

For example , a new housing estate would be built , the diocese would be informed of the development at the planning stage , and the diocesan office would put in for a school , or an extension for an existing school .
for example , a new housing estate would be built , the diocese would be informed of the development at the planning stage , and the diocesan office would put in for a school , or an extension for an [being] school .

There seemed to be the fairly uncomplicated desire among the community to see all the children attend the same school , as an expression of relationships existing within the community .
there seemed to be the fairly uncomplicated desire among the community to see all the children attend the same school , as an expression of relationships [being] within the community .

We will be expanding opportunities by promoting existing tennis resources around the world and improving communications between members so an extensive and thriving network is created .
we will be expanding opportunities by promoting [being] tennis resources around the world and improving communications between members so an extensive and thriving network is created .

We see the allocation of the scarce resource of our last terrestrial channel as a matter worth serious discussion , and seek in it an answer to the perceived shortcomings of the existing Channels .
we see the allocation of the scarce resource of our last terrestrial channel as a matter worth serious discussion , and seek in it an answer to the perceived shortcomings of the [being] channels .

We will look at the new Channel in relation to existing television whether broadcast , satellite or cable . What new programming do we want to see ? Will the new channel be able to provide it within its economic constraints ? Will its strength be a new kind of local programming with its 31 transmitters and the possibility of ‘ city station ’ opt outs ? Is this possibility genuinely different from the existing regional models ? Will broadcasting survive the new franchise arrangements ? Will it be cable that provides truly local television ? Are Channel 5 and Cable in opposition or will they work together occupying new spaces in a completely new industry map ?
we will look at the new channel in relation to [being] television whether broadcast , satellite or cable . what new programming do we want to see ? will the new channel be able to provide it within its economic constraints ? will its strength be a new kind of local programming with its 31 transmitters and the possibility of ‘ city station ’ opt outs ? is this possibility genuinely different from the [being] regional models ? will broadcasting survive the new franchise arrangements ? will it be cable that provides truly local television ? are channel 5 and cable in opposition or will they work together occupying new spaces in a completely new industry map ?

How did it all begin ? Peter Benenson , in his original article in the Observer in 1961 , envisaged a central ‘ library ’ , providing information on prisoners of conscience ‘ to any group , existing or new , in any part of the world , which decides to join in a special effort in favour of freedom of opinion or religion . ’
how did it all begin ? peter benenson , in his original article in the observer in 1961 , envisaged a central ‘ library ’ , providing information on prisoners of conscience ‘ to any group , [being] or new , in any part of the world , which decides to join in a special effort in favour of freedom of opinion or religion . ’

The Fitness Determination Routine must be used to enhance your existing training , not to compete with it .
the fitness determination routine must be used to enhance your [being] training , not to compete with it .

The police , of course , can never really be geared easily to incorporate structural challenge to their existing concepts of order and control , for they are set up to maintain the symbols and practice which has sustained the status quo .
the police , of course , can never really be geared easily to incorporate structural challenge to their [being] concepts of order and control , for they are set up to maintain the symbols and practice which has sustained the status quo .

Nothing in this order changes the already existing practices exercised in connection with courses or papers overseen by the Regional Inspector Training Unit or Police College .
nothing in this order changes the already [being] practices exercised in connection with courses or papers overseen by the regional inspector training unit or police college .

for it is difficult to see how the native could have any interest in the project of unveiling what can go on existing only if it remains veiled .
for it is difficult to see how the native could have any interest in the project of unveiling what can go on [being] only if it remains veiled .

Figure 1 shows the existing Northumbria Police area where most of the ethnographic data was collected .
figure 1 shows the [being] northumbria police area where most of the ethnographic data was collected .

The forces produced in the individual on such occasions , in what Jung ( 1964 ) calls a ‘ journey to individuation ’ , manifest themselves in a number of very persuasive ways and in this case led to some radical reassessments of the existing moral , philosophic , political , and aesthetic order .
the forces produced in the individual on such occasions , in what jung ( 1964 ) calls a ‘ journey to individuation ’ , manifest themselves in a number of very persuasive ways and in this case led to some radical reassessments of the [being] moral , philosophic , political , and aesthetic order .

Indeed many of the counter-cultural ideas had troublesome millenarian or semi-religious elements which owed little to the existing moralities or acceptable satisfactions .
indeed many of the counter-cultural ideas had troublesome millenarian or semi-religious elements which owed little to the [being] moralities or acceptable satisfactions .

However , it suggested that the October holiday should replace an existing holiday .
however , it suggested that the october holiday should replace an [being] holiday .

The arbitrary change to existing law was made by Customs & Excise Commissioners .
the arbitrary change to [being] law was made by customs & excise commissioners .

Mr Kidd said the committee was producing a draft guide for management which would include a review of existing legislation in six European countries .
mr kidd said the committee was producing a draft guide for management which would include a review of [being] legislation in six european countries .

According to Har Govind , a former chief commissioner of income tax , the existing limit of 40% will be increased to 51% under industrial legislation put before the Indian Parliament last month .
according to har govind , a former chief commissioner of income tax , the [being] limit of 40% will be increased to 51% under industrial legislation put before the indian parliament last month .

Top-up orders indicate the restaurant is going to have to make do with existing equipment until trade picks up enough to pay for a complete replacement .
top-up orders indicate the restaurant is going to have to make do with [being] equipment until trade picks up enough to pay for a complete replacement .

One way of putting off the day of replacement is to take more care of existing cutlery .
one way of putting off the day of replacement is to take more care of [being] cutlery .

So we can put some limits on the project : the chairs must be upholstered ; modern in the simplicity of their lines but not ‘ Cubist ’ for want of a better term ; easy on the eye and bottom ; they should fit in with other existing furniture ; and naturally should be of strong construction so that they will be heirloom quality .
so we can put some limits on the project : the chairs must be upholstered ; modern in the simplicity of their lines but not ‘ cubist ’ for want of a better term ; easy on the eye and bottom ; they should fit in with other [being] furniture ; and naturally should be of strong construction so that they will be heirloom quality .

Many of our existing volunteers have families and jobs and are often very busy .
many of our [being] volunteers have families and jobs and are often very busy .

An ACET-link person , possibly an existing volunteer , would keep their church informed about our work and encourage people to consider becoming volunteers , help with fundraising ideas and circulate newsletters .
an acet-link person , possibly an [being] volunteer , would keep their church informed about our work and encourage people to consider becoming volunteers , help with fundraising ideas and circulate newsletters .

The difference between that and the existing situation is really more one of principle than practical effect .
the difference between that and the [being] situation is really more one of principle than practical effect .

One of the more commonly heard complaints against the existing management structure from top athletes is that its detachment from the road race scene leaves management ill-equipped to make selection decisions for road races in major internationals .
one of the more commonly heard complaints against the [being] management structure from top athletes is that its detachment from the road race scene leaves management ill-equipped to make selection decisions for road races in major internationals .

Although Vauxhall has given assurances that all existing facilities will be replaced , it is understood that many will be at out-of-town sites .
although vauxhall has given assurances that all [being] facilities will be replaced , it is understood that many will be at out-of-town sites .

Instead of merely existing on the animal or rational level , we want to experience the fullness of life as truly spiritual men and women .
instead of merely [being] on the animal or rational level , we want to experience the fullness of life as truly spiritual men and women .

The extraordinary growth in public commissions , almost all destined for display in niches cut into the walls of huge buildings , increased the existing tendency to restrict viewpoints .
the extraordinary growth in public commissions , almost all destined for display in niches cut into the walls of huge buildings , increased the [being] tendency to restrict viewpoints .

But in his lordship 's day , that room was regularly required , as was the long table that occupied it , to seat thirty or more guests for dinner ; in fact , the banqueting hall is so spacious that when necessity demanded it , further tables were added to the existing one to enable almost fifty to be seated .
but in his lordship 's day , that room was regularly required , as was the long table that occupied it , to seat thirty or more guests for dinner ; in fact , the banqueting hall is so spacious that when necessity demanded it , further tables were added to the [being] one to enable almost fifty to be seated .

Until you have worked out your long-term plans , you have no option but to make the best of existing buildings which may or may not suit your immediate requirements .
until you have worked out your long-term plans , you have no option but to make the best of [being] buildings which may or may not suit your immediate requirements .

You must either study and cater for existing markets or create hew markets for your own special products .
you must either study and cater for [being] markets or create hew markets for your own special products .

Existing markets are very competitive and , especially in poultry and pigs , are dominated by agribusinessmen .
[being] markets are very competitive and , especially in poultry and pigs , are dominated by agribusinessmen .

The new Frankfurt am Main station , completed in 1888 , was planned to replace and combine the functions of three existing Frankfurt stations on a single site on the city outskirts .
the new frankfurt am main station , completed in 1888 , was planned to replace and combine the functions of three [being] frankfurt stations on a single site on the city outskirts .

In any case , there was more than enough to do in repairing the faults of the existing system and correcting the injustices which they and their predecessors had been denouncing since the 1920s .
in any case , there was more than enough to do in repairing the faults of the [being] system and correcting the injustices which they and their predecessors had been denouncing since the 1920s .

Meanwhile , the very best must be made of the existing stem by providing new secondary modern schools and adding grammar-school streams to those which already exist , by encouraging late transfers , by improving standards in the State sector , and raising to sixteen the school-leaving age .
meanwhile , the very best must be made of the [being] stem by providing new secondary modern schools and adding grammar-school streams to those which already exist , by encouraging late transfers , by improving standards in the state sector , and raising to sixteen the school-leaving age .

Nevertheless , the grammar schools existing separately from secondary modern schools edgily defended their difference and their rights — even if one of them had only six pupils in the upper sixth .
nevertheless , the grammar schools [being] separately from secondary modern schools edgily defended their difference and their rights — even if one of them had only six pupils in the upper sixth .

The university share of higher-education students should rise from 55 per cent to 60 per cent ; existing universities should therefore be enlarged , six new universities created , and ten existing institutions ( or federations ) within the public sector promoted to university status .
the university share of higher-education students should rise from 55 per cent to 60 per cent ; [being] universities should therefore be enlarged , six new universities created , and ten [being] institutions ( or federations ) within the public sector promoted to university status .

Existing comprehensive schools in Coventry , for example , had successfully developed forms of organization based upon the ‘ house ’ — a unit in which a pupil would remain throughout his school career , and to which also belonged a group of teachers .
[being] comprehensive schools in coventry , for example , had successfully developed forms of organization based upon the ‘ house ’ — a unit in which a pupil would remain throughout his school career , and to which also belonged a group of teachers .

Each of the three existing sets of buildings was renamed a Hall , and every year each would admit 120 pupils of all abilities .
each of the three [being] sets of buildings was renamed a hall , and every year each would admit 120 pupils of all abilities .

They proposed a scheme to replace the existing direct-grant scheme , but the Ministry preferred plans of its own and , as has already been explained , gave effect to them .
they proposed a scheme to replace the [being] direct-grant scheme , but the ministry preferred plans of its own and , as has already been explained , gave effect to them .

Building conservation is environmentally friendly ; it is a way of using existing resources for an end-product that is unique and irreplaceable .
building conservation is environmentally friendly ; it is a way of using [being] resources for an end-product that is unique and irreplaceable .

And second , it must be conceived and laid out in such a way as to support existing shops and shopping streets .
and second , it must be conceived and laid out in such a way as to support [being] shops and shopping streets .

Existing shops and businesses , if they are to be relocated , may be offered accommodation that is smaller , less well placed or more expensive .
[being] shops and businesses , if they are to be relocated , may be offered accommodation that is smaller , less well placed or more expensive .

The second alternative is to slot the new development in behind existing frontages .
the second alternative is to slot the new development in behind [being] frontages .

The tendency is to press for covered shopping malls , but there are many examples of attractive small courtyards and squares that open up behind existing streets and that are busy and popular spaces .
the tendency is to press for covered shopping malls , but there are many examples of attractive small courtyards and squares that open up behind [being] streets and that are busy and popular spaces .

All existing buildings should also be seen as a potential resource .
all [being] buildings should also be seen as a potential resource .

Secondly , there is the mutilation of existing buildings by the imposition of unsuitable standard fascias and the insertion of curtain glass windows leaving upper storeys floating in mid-air .
secondly , there is the mutilation of [being] buildings by the imposition of unsuitable standard fascias and the insertion of curtain glass windows leaving upper storeys floating in mid-air .

In considering shopfronts , the first need is to ensure that existing ones of character are preserved and sympathetically treated .
in considering shopfronts , the first need is to ensure that [being] ones of character are preserved and sympathetically treated .

Sometimes the health authorities demolish the old buildings themselves and sell a cleared site for redevelopment ; sometimes they put the existing hospital on the market — very often in a dilapidated state , due to a lengthy programme of closure with minimal maintenance of the buildings .
sometimes the health authorities demolish the old buildings themselves and sell a cleared site for redevelopment ; sometimes they put the [being] hospital on the market — very often in a dilapidated state , due to a lengthy programme of closure with minimal maintenance of the buildings .

The important thing from the start is to assess all the buildings on the site in terms of existing resources .
the important thing from the start is to assess all the buildings on the site in terms of [being] resources .

The notion of an avant-garde sensibility here functions simply as the ‘ other ’ of existing television ( just as much of the most interesting experimental video refunctions existing television as its other ) , a point outside the discourse of actually existing television from which we can argue about what it is that we actually want .
the notion of an avant-garde sensibility here functions simply as the ‘ other ’ of [being] television ( just as much of the most interesting experimental video refunctions [being] television as its other ) , a point outside the discourse of actually [being] television from which we can argue about what it is that we actually want .

Bakhtin himself extends his concern and his enthusiasm from the novel — a particular form existing within a definite historical period — to a more extensive novelistic discourse of which the novel itself is only one historical development , a development which , in its complexity and ‘ polyglossia ’ , most fully realizes the potential of the genre .
bakhtin himself extends his concern and his enthusiasm from the novel — a particular form [being] within a definite historical period — to a more extensive novelistic discourse of which the novel itself is only one historical development , a development which , in its complexity and ‘ polyglossia ’ , most fully realizes the potential of the genre .

However , though not much of an advance on existing antiseptics , it is still included in some antiseptic lozenges for sore throats .
however , though not much of an advance on [being] antiseptics , it is still included in some antiseptic lozenges for sore throats .

Without this progress , understanding the existing drugs and inventing new ones would have been impossible .
without this progress , understanding the [being] drugs and inventing new ones would have been impossible .

We had somewhere to find annual running costs of about £100,000 a year out of the existing budget .
we had somewhere to find annual running costs of about £100,000 a year out of the [being] budget .

The trouble is that directors involved in buying the company from existing shareholders clearly face a conflict between their own interests ( as buyers ) and their shareholders ' interests ( as sellers ) .
the trouble is that directors involved in buying the company from [being] shareholders clearly face a conflict between their own interests ( as buyers ) and their shareholders ' interests ( as sellers ) .

Hi-Tech , which has told the court it is willing to collect the £100-per-decoder viewing fee because it does not wish to ‘ kill the goose that lays the golden egg ’ is now restricted to fulfilling its existing orders for decoders pending the further hearing in the New Year .
hi-tech , which has told the court it is willing to collect the £100-per-decoder viewing fee because it does not wish to ‘ kill the goose that lays the golden egg ’ is now restricted to fulfilling its [being] orders for decoders pending the further hearing in the new year .

Mr Fowler said that while the existing law provided that it was automatically unfair to dismiss anyone for not being a union member , the bill completed the outlawing of the closed shop by extending the same protection to people applying for jobs .
mr fowler said that while the [being] law provided that it was automatically unfair to dismiss anyone for not being a union member , the bill completed the outlawing of the closed shop by extending the same protection to people applying for jobs .

This would threaten existing collective bargaining .
this would threaten [being] collective bargaining .

The Association of British Insurers points out an increasing trend among major insurers to offer selective cover for people who already have some elements of cover under existing household and life policies , or free with their credit and charge cards ( NatWest 's Gold card offers the only truly standalone , comprehensive travel cover ) .
the association of british insurers points out an increasing trend among major insurers to offer selective cover for people who already have some elements of cover under [being] household and life policies , or free with their credit and charge cards ( natwest 's gold card offers the only truly standalone , comprehensive travel cover ) .

The seven questions were : What guarantees would there be that a united Germany would not threaten security and peace in Europe ? ; Would ‘ such a hypothetical Germany ’ accept its existing borders ? ; What would be the place of a united Germany in relation to the cold war alliances ? ; Would a united Germany accept demilitarisation and ‘ adopt a neutral status ? ’ ; Would allied soldiers remain on German soil ? ; How would a united Germany fit in with the attempt through the Helsinki process to end the division of Europe ? ; and , would the new Germany take into account the interests of others in concluding a European peace settlement ?
the seven questions were : what guarantees would there be that a united germany would not threaten security and peace in europe ? ; would ‘ such a hypothetical germany ’ accept its [being] borders ? ; what would be the place of a united germany in relation to the cold war alliances ? ; would a united germany accept demilitarisation and ‘ adopt a neutral status ? ’ ; would allied soldiers remain on german soil ? ; how would a united germany fit in with the attempt through the helsinki process to end the division of europe ? ; and , would the new germany take into account the interests of others in concluding a european peace settlement ?

Speaking at a press conference later about the Bonn government 's attitude to accepting existing borders and renouncing any territorial claims , he pointed an accusing figure at Chancellor Helmut Kohl for his recent plan for reunification .
speaking at a press conference later about the bonn government 's attitude to accepting [being] borders and renouncing any territorial claims , he pointed an accusing figure at chancellor helmut kohl for his recent plan for reunification .

We paid the price of 20 million lives for the existing European stability .
we paid the price of 20 million lives for the [being] european stability .

Aware of the concern felt by many in his audience of European parliamentarians about the potential power of a united Germany , Mr Shevardnadze went out of his way to express agreement with President Franois Mitterrand that ‘ no European country can act without due regard for the European balance , without taking into account the interests of others and the existing historical situation that resulted from the second world war ’ .
aware of the concern felt by many in his audience of european parliamentarians about the potential power of a united germany , mr shevardnadze went out of his way to express agreement with president franois mitterrand that ‘ no european country can act without due regard for the european balance , without taking into account the interests of others and the [being] historical situation that resulted from the second world war ’ .

‘ Everybody accepted that the existing buildings were of both individual and group value , and not to be demolished save in favour of an outstanding replacement , ’ he commented .
‘ everybody accepted that the [being] buildings were of both individual and group value , and not to be demolished save in favour of an outstanding replacement , ’ he commented .

England would have had six existing internationals in the team but Kevin Stamp was accidently hit in the mouth by a stick at the training weekend and has withdrawn .
england would have had six [being] internationals in the team but kevin stamp was accidently hit in the mouth by a stick at the training weekend and has withdrawn .

The second part of the festival , which resulted in the final performance , raised vital questions about the way women relate to one another when they are free to make real choices . The kind of arguments that have challenged the women 's movement over 20 years had to be confronted in a practical manner : were the existing hierarchies justifiable ? Should women technicians once again be relegated to a lower rung of the ladder ? Why were women of colour excluded ? What was the proper role of the director in a truly egalitarian company of women ?
the second part of the festival , which resulted in the final performance , raised vital questions about the way women relate to one another when they are free to make real choices . the kind of arguments that have challenged the women 's movement over 20 years had to be confronted in a practical manner : were the [being] hierarchies justifiable ? should women technicians once again be relegated to a lower rung of the ladder ? why were women of colour excluded ? what was the proper role of the director in a truly egalitarian company of women ?

What this popular environmental education might look like — beyond the existing displays — is elaborated by the centre workers .
what this popular environmental education might look like — beyond the [being] displays — is elaborated by the centre workers .

Besides those of proven wealth , the immigration laws only allow entry to specific categories of employees who are required to fill jobs which can not be filled by the existing labour force .
besides those of proven wealth , the immigration laws only allow entry to specific categories of employees who are required to fill jobs which can not be filled by the [being] labour force .

Existing waste disposal operations will have to be put out to private or arms-length companies so the local authority 's policing role can not be mixed with its disposal role .
[being] waste disposal operations will have to be put out to private or arms-length companies so the local authority 's policing role can not be mixed with its disposal role .

Existing powers over importation , use and supply of hazardous chemicals will be extended .
[being] powers over importation , use and supply of hazardous chemicals will be extended .

Unlike existing immigration criteria , wealth will not be a factor , though seniority , British ties and usefulness to Hong Kong will .
unlike [being] immigration criteria , wealth will not be a factor , though seniority , british ties and usefulness to hong kong will .

In the East , ‘ there could be such a lust for reunification for economic reasons , to get access to the prosperity of West Germany , that it will pressurise all the existing political parties into embracing reunification . ’
in the east , ‘ there could be such a lust for reunification for economic reasons , to get access to the prosperity of west germany , that it will pressurise all the [being] political parties into embracing reunification . ’

The provisions on GMOs in the bill are to take account of the possible impacts of altered organisms on the environment — potential impacts on human health are deemed to be covered under existing health and safety regulations .
the provisions on gmos in the bill are to take account of the possible impacts of altered organisms on the environment — potential impacts on human health are deemed to be covered under [being] health and safety regulations .

The extra doors are neatly grafted onto the existing Vitara shell .
the extra doors are neatly grafted onto the [being] vitara shell .

Despite the extra size and weight of the new body , Suzuki has decided to retain the Vitara 's existing sohc 16-valve engine with EFi , which , in Japanese tune , pumps out 100bhp at 6000rpm .
despite the extra size and weight of the new body , suzuki has decided to retain the vitara 's [being] sohc 16-valve engine with efi , which , in japanese tune , pumps out 100bhp at 6000rpm .

The transmission uses the existing gearbox and gear lever , and retains the exposed gate operating via an electrically controlled clutch that regulates the speed of the change via the position of the accelerator pedal .
the transmission uses the [being] gearbox and gear lever , and retains the exposed gate operating via an electrically controlled clutch that regulates the speed of the change via the position of the accelerator pedal .

By contrast , western manufactures spent the '80s living off the volume generated by their existing models and their once-a-decade replacements .
by contrast , western manufactures spent the '80s living off the volume generated by their [being] models and their once-a-decade replacements .

The gearbox is a development of the existing four-speed unit used on six-cylinder engines .
the gearbox is a development of the [being] four-speed unit used on six-cylinder engines .

Chrysler went to GM-owned Lotus to help develop its first multi-valve engine , although it 's based on an existing Chrysler four .
chrysler went to gm-owned lotus to help develop its first multi-valve engine , although it 's based on an [being] chrysler four .

Relative advantage over other existing products — the importance here is whether the potential consumers perceive advantage in the product , which can be for many reasons
relative advantage over other [being] products — the importance here is whether the potential consumers perceive advantage in the product , which can be for many reasons

There is a difference between existing and potential markets .
there is a difference between [being] and potential markets .

Existing demand Customers ' needs are being met by existing products .
[being] demand customers ' needs are being met by [being] products .

Latent demand Customer needs are there already , but are not being met by existing products .
latent demand customer needs are there already , but are not being met by [being] products .

‘ It is a regrettable fact that the existing literature on the subject points to market selection as being an informal decision .
‘ it is a regrettable fact that the [being] literature on the subject points to market selection as being an informal decision .

Market potential Information about existing demand for existing products , the status of existing products , potential demand .
market potential information about [being] demand for [being] products , the status of [being] products , potential demand .

When data is not available from published statistics , studies , existing reports and other secondary data , move on to direct collection of information ( primary data ) , if this appears justifiable on cost/benefit grounds .
when data is not available from published statistics , studies , [being] reports and other secondary data , move on to direct collection of information ( primary data ) , if this appears justifiable on cost/benefit grounds .

Even beyond these deficiencies in the existing literature , there remain two large gaps to be filled .
even beyond these deficiencies in the [being] literature , there remain two large gaps to be filled .

In the existing conditions of financial crisis , it was essential for a government to be formed which could ensure a parliamentary majority in support of the economy measures so that they could pass the Commons .
in the [being] conditions of financial crisis , it was essential for a government to be formed which could ensure a parliamentary majority in support of the economy measures so that they could pass the commons .

In a memorandum in that month of crisis the Ministry of Defence apparently for the first time addressed the issue of the foreign exchange costs of existing policy , in response to the claim by the Chancellor of the Exchequer at the end of July that Britain 's overseas military expenditure was running at £140 million p.a .
in a memorandum in that month of crisis the ministry of defence apparently for the first time addressed the issue of the foreign exchange costs of [being] policy , in response to the claim by the chancellor of the exchequer at the end of july that britain 's overseas military expenditure was running at £140 million p.a .

Coetzee , describing the leagues as part of a Conservative effort to get to grips with mass politics and the ‘ new religion ’ of socialism , explains the timing of their appearance on the grounds that prior to the 1890s ‘ the Conservatives had no need of recourse to such pressure groups because they already possessed access to institutions adequate for the defence of their interests within the existing sociopolitical framework ’ .
coetzee , describing the leagues as part of a conservative effort to get to grips with mass politics and the ‘ new religion ’ of socialism , explains the timing of their appearance on the grounds that prior to the 1890s ‘ the conservatives had no need of recourse to such pressure groups because they already possessed access to institutions adequate for the defence of their interests within the [being] sociopolitical framework ’ .

They must join the existing unions and fight through them .
they must join the [being] unions and fight through them .

It becomes a ‘ cash cow ’ business in that you generate a lot of money from existing assets , with minimum investment .
it becomes a ‘ cash cow ’ business in that you generate a lot of money from [being] assets , with minimum investment .

The whole object of declaring a right is to justify or commend the use of compulsion to alter the existing relationship between individuals is a society .
the whole object of declaring a right is to justify or commend the use of compulsion to alter the [being] relationship between individuals is a society .

So far from sending prices up , the abolition of licensing would immediately bring down the market price of existing houses and would in a short time begin to make an impression on the costs of new ones ; for the pressure of demand for new houses at a cost of nearly £2,000 apiece for a council-type is , in our opinion , very limited .
so far from sending prices up , the abolition of licensing would immediately bring down the market price of [being] houses and would in a short time begin to make an impression on the costs of new ones ; for the pressure of demand for new houses at a cost of nearly £2,000 apiece for a council-type is , in our opinion , very limited .

We regard nationalisation of the land for all but its existing use ( which is what nationalisation of development rights means ) as a long step towards the nationalisation of the land itself .
we regard nationalisation of the land for all but its [being] use ( which is what nationalisation of development rights means ) as a long step towards the nationalisation of the land itself .

Again , those elements of the house-building industry , both firms and individuals , which are at present to an alarming extent drifting into jobbing and repair work on account of the difficulty of obtaining licences , will find their way back into the housing field , and the existing danger of skilled house-building teams being broken up and not replaced will be avoided .
again , those elements of the house-building industry , both firms and individuals , which are at present to an alarming extent drifting into jobbing and repair work on account of the difficulty of obtaining licences , will find their way back into the housing field , and the [being] danger of skilled house-building teams being broken up and not replaced will be avoided .

The vast waiting lists of the local authorities , as well as the existing local authority houses , contain large numbers of families who , with private enterprise building again at the rate and real cost of the 1930s , would be both able and willing to accommodate themselves at economic rents or prices .
the vast waiting lists of the local authorities , as well as the [being] local authority houses , contain large numbers of families who , with private enterprise building again at the rate and real cost of the 1930s , would be both able and willing to accommodate themselves at economic rents or prices .

In its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of existing accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .
in its present form , rent restriction is causing an appalling wastage of [being] accommodation and condemning millions of families to ever-worsening conditions , by restricting rents to levels which render the repair and maintenance of premises impossible .

As soon as possible afterwards , the existing legal obligations on landlords in regard to repair and maintenance should be put into full force again .
as soon as possible afterwards , the [being] legal obligations on landlords in regard to repair and maintenance should be put into full force again .

But not only does the framing of the existing social services date back twenty years already .
but not only does the framing of the [being] social services date back twenty years already .

The new structure replaced the previously existing variety of organisations through which medical care had been financed : national health insurance , a multiplicity of forms of private insurance , local government finance , private contracts and payments , charity and endowment in all manner of guises .
the new structure replaced the previously [being] variety of organisations through which medical care had been financed : national health insurance , a multiplicity of forms of private insurance , local government finance , private contracts and payments , charity and endowment in all manner of guises .

New methods will come , no doubt , with the fruition of that research which the Home Secretary has urged and supported ; but we can not even claim to be using existing methods , when 7,550 prisoners are sleeping tonight three in a cell , and when policies which , but for the war , would have been on the statute book in 1939 , and have already been on the statute book for half a generation , have hardly begun to be carried into effect for lack of premises .
new methods will come , no doubt , with the fruition of that research which the home secretary has urged and supported ; but we can not even claim to be using [being] methods , when 7,550 prisoners are sleeping tonight three in a cell , and when policies which , but for the war , would have been on the statute book in 1939 , and have already been on the statute book for half a generation , have hardly begun to be carried into effect for lack of premises .

The whole object of declaring a right is to justify or commend the use of compulsion to alter the existing relationship between individuals in a society .
the whole object of declaring a right is to justify or commend the use of compulsion to alter the [being] relationship between individuals in a society .

An existing right is a claim which the society already enforces .
an [being] right is a claim which the society already enforces .

Callinicos is concerned to give weight to the proposition advanced by Franco Moretti in respect of Carl Schmitt , that it is not the task of Marxism to defend Modernism as if its devices were ‘ inherently subversive of the existing social order ’ ( p. 48 ) .
callinicos is concerned to give weight to the proposition advanced by franco moretti in respect of carl schmitt , that it is not the task of marxism to defend modernism as if its devices were ‘ inherently subversive of the [being] social order ’ ( p. 48 ) .

He noticed that when viewed with a camera obscura the image of the sun was too large but this enlargement was not explained by existing theory .
he noticed that when viewed with a camera obscura the image of the sun was too large but this enlargement was not explained by [being] theory .

Balancing an existing roster is of primary importance to a major company , whereas some smaller independent companies can and do concentrate on a particular sound or style of music .
balancing an [being] roster is of primary importance to a major company , whereas some smaller independent companies can and do concentrate on a particular sound or style of music .

The number of people in ujamaa villages by the late 1970s was officially estimated to be 10 million , although many of these were already living in their existing communities which were simply renamed ujamaa .
the number of people in ujamaa villages by the late 1970s was officially estimated to be 10 million , although many of these were already living in their [being] communities which were simply renamed ujamaa .

In each case , Liberia in 1971 , Kenya in 1979 , and Botswana in 1980 , the transfer was to existing vice-presidents .
in each case , liberia in 1971 , kenya in 1979 , and botswana in 1980 , the transfer was to [being] vice-presidents .

The existing constitution stipulated that in the event of the president 's death , the vice-president must act in place of the president for the ninety days which would elapse before an election could be held .
the [being] constitution stipulated that in the event of the president 's death , the vice-president must act in place of the president for the ninety days which would elapse before an election could be held .

Government has gauged its success much more by the number of new investments , than by the efficiency with which existing investments are maintained and serviced .
government has gauged its success much more by the number of new investments , than by the efficiency with which [being] investments are maintained and serviced .

The output of the Mwatex Mill was only 4.8 million sq.metres compared to the existing capacity for the mill of 45 million sq.metres .
the output of the mwatex mill was only 4.8 million sq.metres compared to the [being] capacity for the mill of 45 million sq.metres .

Most newly independent governments were attracted to an agricultural strategy which thrust aside the supposed limitations of the existing agricultural system and adopted various forms of ‘ transformation ’ approach .
most newly independent governments were attracted to an agricultural strategy which thrust aside the supposed limitations of the [being] agricultural system and adopted various forms of ‘ transformation ’ approach .

In this case a strategy of building and strengthening an existing practice had combined with organizational arrangements to increase small farmers ' output .
in this case a strategy of building and strengthening an [being] practice had combined with organizational arrangements to increase small farmers ' output .

It envisaged the development of other commercial ranches ( albeit government-owned ) ; the provision of credit to a selection of pastoral cattle keepers ( for water supplies , improved grazing and other facilities ) ; a great improvement in the system by which cattle were transported from grazing areas to abattoirs ; and the re-equipment and expansion of the existing export meat-packing plant .
it envisaged the development of other commercial ranches ( albeit government-owned ) ; the provision of credit to a selection of pastoral cattle keepers ( for water supplies , improved grazing and other facilities ) ; a great improvement in the system by which cattle were transported from grazing areas to abattoirs ; and the re-equipment and expansion of the [being] export meat-packing plant .

Inside this framework the existing modern sector may well struggle for survival .
inside this framework the [being] modern sector may well struggle for survival .

This will leave entrepreneurs from local minority communities in a strong position as the owners of existing fairly well managed productive assets , and as the suppliers of intermediate goods to small-scale producers .
this will leave entrepreneurs from local minority communities in a strong position as the owners of [being] fairly well managed productive assets , and as the suppliers of intermediate goods to small-scale producers .

In this situation it will be difficult to generate manufactured or processed exports since the expertise to produce competitively for international markets will be in short supply , though some countries such as Zimbabwe will be able to build on their existing export base .
in this situation it will be difficult to generate manufactured or processed exports since the expertise to produce competitively for international markets will be in short supply , though some countries such as zimbabwe will be able to build on their [being] export base .

Such groups are also likely to reinforce their existing role in the mobilization of savings , and it will be in mutual savings organizations , rather than formal financial institutions , that small-scale producers will find access to credit .
such groups are also likely to reinforce their [being] role in the mobilization of savings , and it will be in mutual savings organizations , rather than formal financial institutions , that small-scale producers will find access to credit .

Much less so were efforts to remodel the existing rating system by a new local tax , imposed without regard to the ability to pay .
much less so were efforts to remodel the [being] rating system by a new local tax , imposed without regard to the ability to pay .

The fibrepile is either used as a liner to uprate existing sleeping bags or on its own as single or double layer bags .
the fibrepile is either used as a liner to uprate [being] sleeping bags or on its own as single or double layer bags .

The press reflected the living culture of the people ; it could influence opinion and reinforce existing attitudes but it did not create new forms of entertainment and rarely attempted to alter the habits or loyalties of its readership .
the press reflected the living culture of the people ; it could influence opinion and reinforce [being] attitudes but it did not create new forms of entertainment and rarely attempted to alter the habits or loyalties of its readership .

Before the four-cylinder half of this plan came to fruition , Rudd , now engineering director , hired a new recruit from Jaguar — ‘ a bright young man called Mike Kimberley ’ — to head up vehicle engineering and lead the team that put the existing twin-cam engine in the Europa .
before the four-cylinder half of this plan came to fruition , rudd , now engineering director , hired a new recruit from jaguar — ‘ a bright young man called mike kimberley ’ — to head up vehicle engineering and lead the team that put the [being] twin-cam engine in the europa .

The car was pretty sound in most respects — well used but not abused — and the existing faults would , the dealership assured me , be rectified before it found a new owner .
the car was pretty sound in most respects — well used but not abused — and the [being] faults would , the dealership assured me , be rectified before it found a new owner .

By purporting to de-interpret them by removing the excrescences of later interpretations it made possible a reinterpretation which allowed mythology to be seen again as something that while still existing on the level of the most civilized and polished communication kept speaking of what it had sprung from — men 's basic needs and desires .
by purporting to de-interpret them by removing the excrescences of later interpretations it made possible a reinterpretation which allowed mythology to be seen again as something that while still [being] on the level of the most civilized and polished communication kept speaking of what it had sprung from — men 's basic needs and desires .

The Thatcher government , like Mr Heath 's in 1970 , promised to review existing policies to get greater value for money , eliminate fraud , and reduce waste .
the thatcher government , like mr heath 's in 1970 , promised to review [being] policies to get greater value for money , eliminate fraud , and reduce waste .

In 1987 another sceptic , John Biffen , Leader of the House , and one who publicly called for a consolidation rather than extension of existing policies , was dismissed .
in 1987 another sceptic , john biffen , leader of the house , and one who publicly called for a consolidation rather than extension of [being] policies , was dismissed .

Will they develop incrementally along existing lines or will there be a change cyclically to something resembling the old consensus ?
will they develop incrementally along [being] lines or will there be a change cyclically to something resembling the old consensus ?

More significant though was a displacement into , a condensation within , the homosexual of a whole range of political fears and anxieties made possible by existing and long established representations of homosexuality :
more significant though was a displacement into , a condensation within , the homosexual of a whole range of political fears and anxieties made possible by [being] and long established representations of homosexuality :

To invoke again the earlier distinction between different kinds of transgression , the transvestite represents a subversive reinscription within , rather than a transcendence of , an existing order , while the hermaphrodite is often appropriated as a symbol of just such a transcendence .
to invoke again the earlier distinction between different kinds of transgression , the transvestite represents a subversive reinscription within , rather than a transcendence of , an [being] order , while the hermaphrodite is often appropriated as a symbol of just such a transcendence .

Freedom , variety , and debate may have to be provided by open access into existing news products ( existing papers , existing television networks ) and by variety and debate within these products .
freedom , variety , and debate may have to be provided by open access into [being] news products ( [being] papers , [being] television networks ) and by variety and debate within these products .

The Public Service Ideal is based upon the realization that the limited set of existing news sources are no longer pamphlets distributed in the market-place , they are the market-place itself ; no longer speakers in a public debate , but the platform on which that debate must take place .
the public service ideal is based upon the realization that the limited set of [being] news sources are no longer pamphlets distributed in the market-place , they are the market-place itself ; no longer speakers in a public debate , but the platform on which that debate must take place .

Indeed , with the exception of Atlanta 's Cable News Network , seen by a very small audience in Britain , even the introduction of new television technology has so far only extended the reach ( if not the profitability ) of Britain 's existing press barons .
indeed , with the exception of atlanta 's cable news network , seen by a very small audience in britain , even the introduction of new television technology has so far only extended the reach ( if not the profitability ) of britain 's [being] press barons .

These are the relationships existing between people engaged in the process of production , ‘ the relations of production ’ , property and the family .
these are the relationships [being] between people engaged in the process of production , ‘ the relations of production ’ , property and the family .

the existing stage in the division of labour determines also the relations of individuals to one another with reference to the material , instrument and product of labour .
the [being] stage in the division of labour determines also the relations of individuals to one another with reference to the material , instrument and product of labour .

For example , in The Communist Manifesto Marx and Engels had written : ‘ The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles .
for example , in the communist manifesto marx and engels had written : ‘ the history of all hitherto [being] society is the history of class struggles .

Therefore , in history it is not nature and technology which makes human society but it is man himself , who in terms of his already existing ideas and values , makes his own history , as he encounters nature and the problems it poses .
therefore , in history it is not nature and technology which makes human society but it is man himself , who in terms of his already [being] ideas and values , makes his own history , as he encounters nature and the problems it poses .

These already existing ideas and values are , however , themselves the product of previous encounters and answers to the challenge of nature .
these already [being] ideas and values are , however , themselves the product of previous encounters and answers to the challenge of nature .

The central point of the system outlined in The German Ideology is spelled out particularly clearly : ‘ The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles .
the central point of the system outlined in the german ideology is spelled out particularly clearly : ‘ the history of all hitherto [being] society is the history of class struggles .

For Engels , therefore , the study of systems of kin terms revealed previously existing systems of consanguinity and could be used as evidence for the history of kinship and social organization .
for engels , therefore , the study of systems of kin terms revealed previously [being] systems of consanguinity and could be used as evidence for the history of kinship and social organization .

There is therefore very much in Engels 's discussion of existing political organization which is still acceptable ; however , recent anthropological work makes it clear that if something like the notion of the gentile constitution is to be retained , the concept would have to be broadened to include a much greater variety of such systems than was , or could have been , envisaged by the founders of Marxism .
there is therefore very much in engels 's discussion of [being] political organization which is still acceptable ; however , recent anthropological work makes it clear that if something like the notion of the gentile constitution is to be retained , the concept would have to be broadened to include a much greater variety of such systems than was , or could have been , envisaged by the founders of marxism .

If Marx 's and Engels 's hypothesis concerning the origin of the State must remain questionable , their theory seems more important for understanding the way existing states actually work .
if marx 's and engels 's hypothesis concerning the origin of the state must remain questionable , their theory seems more important for understanding the way [being] states actually work .

If grammar schools were introduced then the existing comprehensives would suffer .
if grammar schools were introduced then the [being] comprehensives would suffer .

Yet only weeks ago he was saying that existing derelict land was needed for greening the cities , and providing amenities for citizens .
yet only weeks ago he was saying that [being] derelict land was needed for greening the cities , and providing amenities for citizens .

‘ New entrants put pressure on existing companies and make them change their existing practices , ’ he said .
‘ new entrants put pressure on [being] companies and make them change their [being] practices , ’ he said .

Mr Prescott 's demand for the tunnel to be taken into public ownership goes beyond existing Labour Party policy .
mr prescott 's demand for the tunnel to be taken into public ownership goes beyond [being] labour party policy .

Rechem believes the results to be unscientific , and under the new agreement will be able to append its own commentary to the council 's existing document , especially if it is to form part of a submission to the European Commission .
rechem believes the results to be unscientific , and under the new agreement will be able to append its own commentary to the council 's [being] document , especially if it is to form part of a submission to the european commission .

The saga began last year when the council opened a new open-plan primary school to relieve overcrowding in Groby 's two existing primary schools .
the saga began last year when the council opened a new open-plan primary school to relieve overcrowding in groby 's two [being] primary schools .

Terence Chute , the chairman , explained that over the past year the company has invested over £11m in revenue producing equipment , with existing operations being upgraded and new subsidiaries launched .
terence chute , the chairman , explained that over the past year the company has invested over £11m in revenue producing equipment , with [being] operations being upgraded and new subsidiaries launched .

The move follows the announcement in July by the International Stock Exchange that it intended to set up a clearing house to handle existing and projected settlement services in London .
the move follows the announcement in july by the international stock exchange that it intended to set up a clearing house to handle [being] and projected settlement services in london .

‘ It will only really be meaningful and historic if he is a great success , ’ Davis said soon after firing the existing head coach Mike Shanahan .
‘ it will only really be meaningful and historic if he is a great success , ’ davis said soon after firing the [being] head coach mike shanahan .

No one should underestimate these problems , but nor should the waste and unfairness of existing conditions be overlooked .
no one should underestimate these problems , but nor should the waste and unfairness of [being] conditions be overlooked .

The reality proved to be that the mainly black community of Johns Island , South Carolina , found that they were unable to improve the situation existing in their communities in terms of the provision of social , educational , or civil amenities , largely due to the fact that they were unable to vote in elections .
the reality proved to be that the mainly black community of johns island , south carolina , found that they were unable to improve the situation [being] in their communities in terms of the provision of social , educational , or civil amenities , largely due to the fact that they were unable to vote in elections .

Additions to the Board are generally made by nominations from existing or previous Board members , Highlander staff , or selected friends and associates of Highlander who are familiar with the educational philosophy .
additions to the board are generally made by nominations from [being] or previous board members , highlander staff , or selected friends and associates of highlander who are familiar with the educational philosophy .

The company will use its Spherilene technology in an existing gas phase plant at the site .
the company will use its spherilene technology in an [being] gas phase plant at the site .

New drugs and agrochemicals are often developed by direct modification of an existing compound to mimic or enhance some aspects of its biological behaviour .
new drugs and agrochemicals are often developed by direct modification of an [being] compound to mimic or enhance some aspects of its biological behaviour .

The Polymer Project Consortium has the aim of improving existing and developing new methods of polymer property prediction .
the polymer project consortium has the aim of improving [being] and developing new methods of polymer property prediction .

This may have been for meals during the day while living elsewhere , or perhaps it was to make existing accommodation there more adequate for his use .
this may have been for meals during the day while living elsewhere , or perhaps it was to make [being] accommodation there more adequate for his use .

He received recognition there by being made a honorary member of the Botanical Society of Florence , a body existing from 1718 to 1783 .
he received recognition there by being made a honorary member of the botanical society of florence , a body [being] from 1718 to 1783 .

There was correspondence with Woburn over the construction of a shelter for orange trees , to be added to an existing wall , with a moveable roof erected every autumn .
there was correspondence with woburn over the construction of a shelter for orange trees , to be added to an [being] wall , with a moveable roof erected every autumn .

Of the existing dozen letters passed between Chelsea and Kingsessing , 1755–1760 , nine are published in William Darlington 's Memorials of John Bartram and Humphry Marshall ( 1849 , 1967 ) and three are held by American Libraries .
of the [being] dozen letters passed between chelsea and kingsessing , 1755–1760 , nine are published in william darlington 's memorials of john bartram and humphry marshall ( 1849 , 1967 ) and three are held by american libraries .

for example , it was agreed that the District should have its own office and Jacques quickly negotiated the lease of rooms at Cambridgeshire House in Hills Road ; an arrangement which extended over thirty years until the transfer to the existing and more appropriate premises at Botolph House .
for example , it was agreed that the district should have its own office and jacques quickly negotiated the lease of rooms at cambridgeshire house in hills road ; an arrangement which extended over thirty years until the transfer to the [being] and more appropriate premises at botolph house .

The solution to the financial problem began to emerge with the adoption of a forward-planned annual budget in which each branch and student group was allocated a financial target or ‘ quota ’ to be raised each year to eradicate existing deficits and prevent recurrence of indebtedness .
the solution to the financial problem began to emerge with the adoption of a forward-planned annual budget in which each branch and student group was allocated a financial target or ‘ quota ’ to be raised each year to eradicate [being] deficits and prevent recurrence of indebtedness .

It also suggested that a mechanism was required to review existing arrangements so that the disparate needs of adults and appropriate types of provision could be met more adequately .
it also suggested that a mechanism was required to review [being] arrangements so that the disparate needs of adults and appropriate types of provision could be met more adequately .

Energies were devoted to the practicability of maintaining the existing framework of provision , and , not least , the ability to respond to an exceptional anticipated demand from a heavy concentration of military personnel throughout the strategically important counties of East Anglia .
energies were devoted to the practicability of maintaining the [being] framework of provision , and , not least , the ability to respond to an exceptional anticipated demand from a heavy concentration of military personnel throughout the strategically important counties of east anglia .

The grant-aid earned under the new Regulations was adequate but it was not generous and although class programmes were extended to new centres and programmes expanded in existing branches , the costs of provision also increased and the District required overdraft facilities until 1950 when a small surplus was secured .
the grant-aid earned under the new regulations was adequate but it was not generous and although class programmes were extended to new centres and programmes expanded in [being] branches , the costs of provision also increased and the district required overdraft facilities until 1950 when a small surplus was secured .

Within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the existing providers had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future grant allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .
within the adult education profession at large , there was gratification that the [being] providers had been commended for their work , but some fears lest the proposals for future grant allocation might lead to increased governmental control over courses taught .

It reinforced existing values , satisfied needs , but was at times a potential source of conflict in that it forced the ablest educatees away and drafted in some unwilling educators .
it reinforced [being] values , satisfied needs , but was at times a potential source of conflict in that it forced the ablest educatees away and drafted in some unwilling educators .

Where appropriate the new school may be an existing extended and refurbished school .
where appropriate the new school may be an [being] extended and refurbished school .

Nisbet and Sadler ( 12 ) further point out that school closure may bring loss of employment , loss of rates through migration out of the district and loss of resources due to disinclination to develop together with decline of existing services such as transport .
nisbet and sadler ( 12 ) further point out that school closure may bring loss of employment , loss of rates through migration out of the district and loss of resources due to disinclination to develop together with decline of [being] services such as transport .

The schools close because of depopulation , and people move away , if they can , if they feel the existing educational provision to be unsatisfactory .
the schools close because of depopulation , and people move away , if they can , if they feel the [being] educational provision to be unsatisfactory .

Fostering links between school and community , after strengthening the communities by enabling them to develop their own organisations to meet existing needs whether in the social , cultural or economic fields .
fostering links between school and community , after strengthening the communities by enabling them to develop their own organisations to meet [being] needs whether in the social , cultural or economic fields .

It uses existing buildings and facilities .
it uses [being] buildings and facilities .

Existing institutions and organisations are of importance .
[being] institutions and organisations are of importance .

Such examples ( and they are legion in Scotland and throughout the rest of the world ) serve to reaffirm the points made by Kirkpatrick : that existing local institutions and personnel matter crucially , and that the outcomes of projects and their relationship with planning in the broader sense may either establish their continuation or sound a death-knell for their future existence .
such examples ( and they are legion in scotland and throughout the rest of the world ) serve to reaffirm the points made by kirkpatrick : that [being] local institutions and personnel matter crucially , and that the outcomes of projects and their relationship with planning in the broader sense may either establish their continuation or sound a death-knell for their future existence .

Kirkpatrick would replace , to some extent , Sher 's power of raw money with the power of existing institutions , which is perhaps a more appropriate viewpoint in the Scottish cultural context .
kirkpatrick would replace , to some extent , sher 's power of raw money with the power of [being] institutions , which is perhaps a more appropriate viewpoint in the scottish cultural context .

Kirkpatrick identifies the need to change existing institutions as being vital in helping the poor , the disadvantaged and the dispirited .
kirkpatrick identifies the need to change [being] institutions as being vital in helping the poor , the disadvantaged and the dispirited .

Existing cadres are fundamentally important .
[being] cadres are fundamentally important .

Existing smear tests find slight abnormalities in 250,000 women every year but can not distinguish between those who will go on to develop serious disease and those who will not .
[being] smear tests find slight abnormalities in 250,000 women every year but can not distinguish between those who will go on to develop serious disease and those who will not .

William Fromow , of Norfolk , decided to establish his nursery business in Chiswick , and in 1829 , he purchased an existing nursery , south of Turnham Green Lane and west of Sutton Lane , with its stock , and the business passed to his son , also William , then to other members of the family , in 1869 .
william fromow , of norfolk , decided to establish his nursery business in chiswick , and in 1829 , he purchased an [being] nursery , south of turnham green lane and west of sutton lane , with its stock , and the business passed to his son , also william , then to other members of the family , in 1869 .

Mr. Jonathan Thomas Carr felt offended by what he considered was the ugly and tasteless housing being erected in the London suburbs , so he produced a scheme to create a garden suburb of Houses without basements , and of character within reach of people with moderate means , yet at the same time , retaining existing trees wherever possible .
mr. jonathan thomas carr felt offended by what he considered was the ugly and tasteless housing being erected in the london suburbs , so he produced a scheme to create a garden suburb of houses without basements , and of character within reach of people with moderate means , yet at the same time , retaining [being] trees wherever possible .

As it was apparent that Stalin proposed to retain a firm grip on East Germany , the other three powers decided to create a democratic state in West Germany , by causing the existing state government to convene a constituent assembly .
as it was apparent that stalin proposed to retain a firm grip on east germany , the other three powers decided to create a democratic state in west germany , by causing the [being] state government to convene a constituent assembly .

These courses could be used to improve existing skills as well as to provide training for newcomers to the industry — be they school leavers or persons purchasing a farm .
these courses could be used to improve [being] skills as well as to provide training for newcomers to the industry — be they school leavers or persons purchasing a farm .

Just under two-thirds , 63 % , agreed that they would use training to prepare themselves either to tackle a new enterprise or to intensify an existing one .
just under two-thirds , 63 % , agreed that they would use training to prepare themselves either to tackle a new enterprise or to intensify an [being] one .

Existing smear tests find slight abnormalities in 250,000 women every year , but can not distinguish between those who will go on to develop serious disease and those who will not .
[being] smear tests find slight abnormalities in 250,000 women every year , but can not distinguish between those who will go on to develop serious disease and those who will not .

Thus we can use the existing research to help us find our empirical measures for the effects of client participation on effectiveness in social work , but we have not yet achieved our aim .
thus we can use the [being] research to help us find our empirical measures for the effects of client participation on effectiveness in social work , but we have not yet achieved our aim .

If governments acted to remove some of the existing constraints to economic growth in DRAs it would be reasonable to expect private investors to move in from outside to exploit the opportunities thus created .
if governments acted to remove some of the [being] constraints to economic growth in dras it would be reasonable to expect private investors to move in from outside to exploit the opportunities thus created .

In some areas , such as in Scotland , increased production would be of existing commodities , such as sheep-meat , but produced from grass rather than from imported soya or petroleum derivatives .
in some areas , such as in scotland , increased production would be of [being] commodities , such as sheep-meat , but produced from grass rather than from imported soya or petroleum derivatives .

Piecemeal approaches to rural development are as inappropriate as is the encouragement of people in the belief that they can have similar services , income levels and amenities to those existing in other areas when policy and local circumstances will never in practice be able to provide them .
piecemeal approaches to rural development are as inappropriate as is the encouragement of people in the belief that they can have similar services , income levels and amenities to those [being] in other areas when policy and local circumstances will never in practice be able to provide them .

There are a number of serious gaps between the educational needs of rural children and the existing provisions of formal educational systems .
there are a number of serious gaps between the educational needs of rural children and the [being] provisions of formal educational systems .

Existing intermediate agencies differ considerably , responding to quite different circumstances .
[being] intermediate agencies differ considerably , responding to quite different circumstances .

Shindler will carry out an environmental compliance audit , to establish how well a company is complying with existing legislation .
shindler will carry out an environmental compliance audit , to establish how well a company is complying with [being] legislation .

The latter could be marketed through the existing sales forces — those promoting vaccines to GPs and hospital sales through those dealing with the sterile injectables .
the latter could be marketed through the [being] sales forces — those promoting vaccines to gps and hospital sales through those dealing with the sterile injectables .

The Commission foresees the agency playing a key role in collecting and distributing technical , scientific and economic information already being generated by existing national organisations .
the commission foresees the agency playing a key role in collecting and distributing technical , scientific and economic information already being generated by [being] national organisations .

The new £78m plant will have a capacity of 120 000 tonnes per annum and once the plant is on stream ( early 1994 ) Neste plans to close some of the existing high pressure polyethylene capacity .
the new £78m plant will have a capacity of 120 000 tonnes per annum and once the plant is on stream ( early 1994 ) neste plans to close some of the [being] high pressure polyethylene capacity .

Since these are being funded from new money ( the National Science Foundation will continue to fund basic research from its existing money ) , the reaction of the Swiss research community has been broadly favourable to these plans for oriented research .
since these are being funded from new money ( the national science foundation will continue to fund basic research from its [being] money ) , the reaction of the swiss research community has been broadly favourable to these plans for oriented research .

Would it be worthwhile for each discipline to set up think tanks — if one does not already exist — of their most imaginative scientists , engineers etc , with , perhaps , three remits : ( i ) to identify major problems for which current and foreseeable knowledge offers no solution ; ( ii ) to pinpoint what basic knowledge is needed , what would be the characteristics of the ideal chemical or other material , together with the relevant techniques for using them ; ( iii ) recognising that what is being considered may be so far out of sight as to be beyond worthwhile research based on existing knowledge and know-how , to organise a system that will recognise the first appearance of the new knowledge and then steer research in the right direction without delay .
would it be worthwhile for each discipline to set up think tanks — if one does not already exist — of their most imaginative scientists , engineers etc , with , perhaps , three remits : ( i ) to identify major problems for which current and foreseeable knowledge offers no solution ; ( ii ) to pinpoint what basic knowledge is needed , what would be the characteristics of the ideal chemical or other material , together with the relevant techniques for using them ; ( iii ) recognising that what is being considered may be so far out of sight as to be beyond worthwhile research based on [being] knowledge and know-how , to organise a system that will recognise the first appearance of the new knowledge and then steer research in the right direction without delay .

Sunday league matches would be of 50 overs a side instead of the existing 40 , and group preliminary matches in the Benson and Hedges Cup would be replaced by a knock-out competition .
sunday league matches would be of 50 overs a side instead of the [being] 40 , and group preliminary matches in the benson and hedges cup would be replaced by a knock-out competition .

It will introduce conventional and unconventional ways of building , has an array of stands to interest those refurbishing and renovating existing properties and demonstrations of the latest technical advances .
it will introduce conventional and unconventional ways of building , has an array of stands to interest those refurbishing and renovating [being] properties and demonstrations of the latest technical advances .

to act in a specialist advisory capacity to existing services .
to act in a specialist advisory capacity to [being] services .

They were less involved in thinly rationing existing services than is often necessary in social work and more able to concentrate help so as to provide a relatively complete service capable of achieving significant change for some people .
they were less involved in thinly rationing [being] services than is often necessary in social work and more able to concentrate help so as to provide a relatively complete service capable of achieving significant change for some people .

The five CMHTs varied greatly in their precise method of operation and these variations were hotly debated among themselves at times , but they all engaged in service development and came to see the generation of personal treatment plans as a prelude to service development rather than as being constrained by the existing service stock .
the five cmhts varied greatly in their precise method of operation and these variations were hotly debated among themselves at times , but they all engaged in service development and came to see the generation of personal treatment plans as a prelude to service development rather than as being constrained by the [being] service stock .

This residual approach adopts a simplistic explanation of social problems and has faith in the inherent validity of the existing social system ( Callahan , 1985 ) .
this residual approach adopts a simplistic explanation of social problems and has faith in the inherent validity of the [being] social system ( callahan , 1985 ) .

The state predominantly serves the interests of powerful ruling groups within society , but also has a role in mounting an irreversible challenge to the existing social order and ultimately replacing it .
the state predominantly serves the interests of powerful ruling groups within society , but also has a role in mounting an irreversible challenge to the [being] social order and ultimately replacing it .

The role of the welfare state in masking existing oppressions and reinforcing social inequalities is also addressed .
the role of the welfare state in masking [being] oppressions and reinforcing social inequalities is also addressed .

This approach has many parallels with empowerment in the developmental model , the main differences lying in the social worker 's level of commitment to the existing social order .
this approach has many parallels with empowerment in the developmental model , the main differences lying in the social worker 's level of commitment to the [being] social order .

Resources to support and develop existing helping networks ; for example , mutual-support groups , family centres , child-minding facilities .
resources to support and develop [being] helping networks ; for example , mutual-support groups , family centres , child-minding facilities .

During this period , a significant expansion in the existing supply of institutions for children occurred in Flanders , the Netherlands , and the United Kingdom ( Lammertyn and Antoons , 1990 ) .
during this period , a significant expansion in the [being] supply of institutions for children occurred in flanders , the netherlands , and the united kingdom ( lammertyn and antoons , 1990 ) .

As we have seen earlier , when a child 's existing links to a birth parent or relative are severed on placement with a new family , the feelings involved are not eradicated but driven ‘ underground ’ .
as we have seen earlier , when a child 's [being] links to a birth parent or relative are severed on placement with a new family , the feelings involved are not eradicated but driven ‘ underground ’ .

that birth parents would be less reluctant to physically relinquish a child for adoption , if existing links could be maintained .
that birth parents would be less reluctant to physically relinquish a child for adoption , if [being] links could be maintained .

As has been seen , while the Napier Commission favoured the enlargement of the crofts to improve their economic viability , the legislation passed only a few years later tended instead to perpetuate them in their existing form .
as has been seen , while the napier commission favoured the enlargement of the crofts to improve their economic viability , the legislation passed only a few years later tended instead to perpetuate them in their [being] form .

Like the Napier Commission , the latest Royal Commission to meet on the subject ( the Taylor Commission , which reported in 1954 ) proposed that existing crofts should be amalgamated into economically viable units .
like the napier commission , the latest royal commission to meet on the subject ( the taylor commission , which reported in 1954 ) proposed that [being] crofts should be amalgamated into economically viable units .

This was due to inadequate planning for maximum utilization of reserves , over-exploitation of existing mines , poor safety standards , lack of new exploration and poor equipment .
this was due to inadequate planning for maximum utilization of reserves , over-exploitation of [being] mines , poor safety standards , lack of new exploration and poor equipment .

Existing sales taxes vary somewhat between republics and provinces , and even between communes , but probably not enough to cause significant economic distortions .
[being] sales taxes vary somewhat between republics and provinces , and even between communes , but probably not enough to cause significant economic distortions .

The federal government is trying to persuade the communes to give up their existing sales taxes and rely in future either on transfers from the budgets of the republics and provinces or on revenue raised by taxes on local incomes and property .
the federal government is trying to persuade the communes to give up their [being] sales taxes and rely in future either on transfers from the budgets of the republics and provinces or on revenue raised by taxes on local incomes and property .

Although the persistent maintenance of negative real interest rates is an indication of the government 's underlying attitude to monetary policy , it is by no means certain that , under the conditions existing in Yugoslavia , high interest rates have a great deal of influence on expenditure .
although the persistent maintenance of negative real interest rates is an indication of the government 's underlying attitude to monetary policy , it is by no means certain that , under the conditions [being] in yugoslavia , high interest rates have a great deal of influence on expenditure .

Trying to present that impossible chimera , ‘ a balanced view ’ , the series in fact reflected the existing power relations in the industry by showing predominantly White , Western , heterosexual films , but clearly an effort was made to complete the picture with some lesbian films and with work ( especially documentaries and shorts ) from outside the familiar Eurocentric tradition .
trying to present that impossible chimera , ‘ a balanced view ’ , the series in fact reflected the [being] power relations in the industry by showing predominantly white , western , heterosexual films , but clearly an effort was made to complete the picture with some lesbian films and with work ( especially documentaries and shorts ) from outside the familiar eurocentric tradition .

There was also a suggestion that the bidder may be a financial buyer , looking at the company as an investment rather than an addition to existing operations .
there was also a suggestion that the bidder may be a financial buyer , looking at the company as an investment rather than an addition to [being] operations .

Coupled with desperately needed new construction , such as the cross-rail proposals , these existing routes could be made to really work for us at a fraction of the cost of new road-building , and with minimal land encroachment , pollution or disturbance to the environment .
coupled with desperately needed new construction , such as the cross-rail proposals , these [being] routes could be made to really work for us at a fraction of the cost of new road-building , and with minimal land encroachment , pollution or disturbance to the environment .

While generally approving existing British legislation , Professor Zander cautioned against any extension of powers and points to the United States where , he said , mere suspicion could mean financial ruin for individuals and organisations while the law also allowed the seizure of all assets , not simply those related to a specific offence .
while generally approving [being] british legislation , professor zander cautioned against any extension of powers and points to the united states where , he said , mere suspicion could mean financial ruin for individuals and organisations while the law also allowed the seizure of all assets , not simply those related to a specific offence .

It was not enough to patch up existing gaps in the criminal law , the commission said .
it was not enough to patch up [being] gaps in the criminal law , the commission said .

Mr Cohen said these men will ‘ support ’ the existing management .
mr cohen said these men will ‘ support ’ the [being] management .

Sir Geoffrey spoke more cautiously than Mr Heseltine when he urged ‘ the energetic use of existing agencies and resources , private and public sector alike , to give potentially fruitful initiatives a helping hand ’ , and praised the work of the Welsh Development Agency .
sir geoffrey spoke more cautiously than mr heseltine when he urged ‘ the energetic use of [being] agencies and resources , private and public sector alike , to give potentially fruitful initiatives a helping hand ’ , and praised the work of the welsh development agency .

‘ We do n't want to stabilise the existing regime but we do n't want a destabilisation which could lead to incalculable risks , ’ said a close aide of the Chancellor .
‘ we do n't want to stabilise the [being] regime but we do n't want a destabilisation which could lead to incalculable risks , ’ said a close aide of the chancellor .

They will form a integral part of the city , opening up new pedestrian routes , while upgrading existing ones .
they will form a integral part of the city , opening up new pedestrian routes , while upgrading [being] ones .

Under the existing Gramm-Rudman law , the deficit is due to shrink to zero by 1993 .
under the [being] gramm-rudman law , the deficit is due to shrink to zero by 1993 .

To summarize : the existing English law classifies as murder those killings where there was an intent to kill or an intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
to summarize : the [being] english law classifies as murder those killings where there was an intent to kill or an intent to cause grievous bodily harm .

In the existing law this is shown by the requirement of reasonable self-control , and by the ( probable ) exclusion of conduct known to be legally justified from the category of sufficient provocation .
in the [being] law this is shown by the requirement of reasonable self-control , and by the ( probable ) exclusion of conduct known to be legally justified from the category of sufficient provocation .

That argument is not watertight , however , because existing law does not allow euthanasia .
that argument is not watertight , however , because [being] law does not allow euthanasia .

This survey has shown that , generally speaking , the existing range of offences seems to emphasize the result , the degree of foresight and the status of the victim as the critical issues in grading crimes of physical violation .
this survey has shown that , generally speaking , the [being] range of offences seems to emphasize the result , the degree of foresight and the status of the victim as the critical issues in grading crimes of physical violation .

In its review of sexual offences the Criminal Law Revision Committee argued in favour of preserving the existing classification , on the basis that rape has a settled popular meaning and that the distinguishing feature of ‘ conventional ’ rape is the risk of pregnancy .
in its review of sexual offences the criminal law revision committee argued in favour of preserving the [being] classification , on the basis that rape has a settled popular meaning and that the distinguishing feature of ‘ conventional ’ rape is the risk of pregnancy .

Does the existing dividing line reflect the relative seriousness of these mistake-related offences ?
does the [being] dividing line reflect the relative seriousness of these mistake-related offences ?

In May the Soviet Union proposed the abolition of 75 per cent of the existing stocks of weapons and offered unimpeded inspection .
in may the soviet union proposed the abolition of 75 per cent of the [being] stocks of weapons and offered unimpeded inspection .

Disarmers were uneasily aware that , even if all existing nuclear weapons were destroyed , the knowledge of how to make them would be revived fast enough in the event of a future global war .
disarmers were uneasily aware that , even if all [being] nuclear weapons were destroyed , the knowledge of how to make them would be revived fast enough in the event of a future global war .

It is not yet clear whether any new ESAs will be managed in the same way as existing areas .
it is not yet clear whether any new esas will be managed in the same way as [being] areas .

Work on the £75m project , which will replace existing laboratory facilities at Slough , Harpenden and Worplesden , will begin in 1993 , and is due for completion in 1996 .
work on the £75m project , which will replace [being] laboratory facilities at slough , harpenden and worplesden , will begin in 1993 , and is due for completion in 1996 .

Community forests can achieve returns of 5–7 % , while native broadlands in the lowlands can achieve returns of 4–5 % where the amenity value of the land in its existing use is not high , the Forestry Commission says .
community forests can achieve returns of 5–7 % , while native broadlands in the lowlands can achieve returns of 4–5 % where the amenity value of the land in its [being] use is not high , the forestry commission says .

Enhanced farm incomes will affect the farmers ' production decisions and capacity , but policies can be designed which have much smaller impacts on production , consumption , trade and world prices than do many of the existing policies , the bureau adds .
enhanced farm incomes will affect the farmers ' production decisions and capacity , but policies can be designed which have much smaller impacts on production , consumption , trade and world prices than do many of the [being] policies , the bureau adds .

It can also be fitted to existing machines .
it can also be fitted to [being] machines .

Provided the new cross did the job well , it could establish a novel niche market and not compete with existing half-breds .
provided the new cross did the job well , it could establish a novel niche market and not compete with [being] half-breds .

Farmers ' ingenuity in designing new bits of farm machinery and modifying existing tackle has always provided a rich source of features for this magazine .
farmers ' ingenuity in designing new bits of farm machinery and modifying [being] tackle has always provided a rich source of features for this magazine .

The system easily plumbs into existing induction hoppers .
the system easily plumbs into [being] induction hoppers .

It involves only small changes to existing slurry disposal practices , the chief one being that slurry is applied through injectors rather than through a discharge nozzle .
it involves only small changes to [being] slurry disposal practices , the chief one being that slurry is applied through injectors rather than through a discharge nozzle .

Existing fuels are relatively cheap , easy to handle and very energy-dense .
[being] fuels are relatively cheap , easy to handle and very energy-dense .

Direct-injection diesels can be converted to gas operation using the Nebula piston ( right ) , which concentrates existing swirl in an open chamber for low NOx-output combustion .
direct-injection diesels can be converted to gas operation using the nebula piston ( right ) , which concentrates [being] swirl in an open chamber for low nox-output combustion .

When it comes to planning a new garden , or developing an existing one , take your time and soak up fresh ideas from garden visits , books , magazines , and television programmes .
when it comes to planning a new garden , or developing an [being] one , take your time and soak up fresh ideas from garden visits , books , magazines , and television programmes .

Supplying the best environment is often less of a problem than deciding how to make effective use of their special qualities within the existing garden .
supplying the best environment is often less of a problem than deciding how to make effective use of their special qualities within the [being] garden .

It lasted just over three weeks and the immediate conflict was only resolved by the intervention of the Ministry of Labour and its Minister , Sir Arthur Steel-Maitland , who requested that the employers allow the existing wage rates to continue until a Court of Investigation , which was to be set up , reported upon the woollen and worsted textile trades .
it lasted just over three weeks and the immediate conflict was only resolved by the intervention of the ministry of labour and its minister , sir arthur steel-maitland , who requested that the employers allow the [being] wage rates to continue until a court of investigation , which was to be set up , reported upon the woollen and worsted textile trades .

Existing Trees
[being] trees

Existing low profit products were to be corrected with a cost reduction and profit improvement plan , or chased out where such improvements were not economically feasible .
[being] low profit products were to be corrected with a cost reduction and profit improvement plan , or chased out where such improvements were not economically feasible .

Surely it could not be that , whilst they were classifying the laws governing the physical world , they were themselves under no moral order , but existing in a chaos of random motion ?
surely it could not be that , whilst they were classifying the laws governing the physical world , they were themselves under no moral order , but [being] in a chaos of random motion ?

There is a continual need to appraise existing techniques , to seek refinements and to search out new instrumental methods of examination which have more to offer in speed , accuracy or range of elements found .
there is a continual need to appraise [being] techniques , to seek refinements and to search out new instrumental methods of examination which have more to offer in speed , accuracy or range of elements found .

The timescale is then extended by using large felled timbers with patterns sufficiently overlapping the existing chronology to be certain of a unique match .
the timescale is then extended by using large felled timbers with patterns sufficiently overlapping the [being] chronology to be certain of a unique match .

Hence neither the relative nor the existing absolute dates were totally satisfactory .
hence neither the relative nor the [being] absolute dates were totally satisfactory .

There is greater incentive in archaeology than in many other disciplines for applied mathematicians and statisticians to develop new techniques , or to apply existing ones in novel situations .
there is greater incentive in archaeology than in many other disciplines for applied mathematicians and statisticians to develop new techniques , or to apply [being] ones in novel situations .

Without such a review there is a serious danger that existing documentation problems may simply be automated along with the data , thus perpetuating rather than resolving them .
without such a review there is a serious danger that [being] documentation problems may simply be automated along with the data , thus perpetuating rather than resolving them .

Along with the review of existing data , a clearly defined set of objectives needs to be defined .
along with the review of [being] data , a clearly defined set of objectives needs to be defined .

He 's existing .
he 's [being] .

‘ Is existing better than living ? ’ said Franca .
‘ is [being] better than living ? ’ said franca .

Even to the extent of formulating new or repackaging existing products to suit specific requirements .
even to the extent of formulating new or repackaging [being] products to suit specific requirements .

The employment of qualified staff and the release of existing staff to vocational training courses .
the employment of qualified staff and the release of [being] staff to vocational training courses .

The unreliability of existing staff or the lack of a suitably trained or skilled labour pool from which staff can be recruited .
the unreliability of [being] staff or the lack of a suitably trained or skilled labour pool from which staff can be recruited .

1972 : Mesarovic & Pestel 1976 ) , actually becomes cheaper and more plentiful as technology finds and creates new resources and uses existing ones more efficiently .
1972 : mesarovic & pestel 1976 ) , actually becomes cheaper and more plentiful as technology finds and creates new resources and uses [being] ones more efficiently .

The existing biases of research and development are well known and include big as against small farmers bias ; cash crop as against subsistence crop bias ; maximum average yield as against maximum yields in bad years ; irrigable as against dry land crops ; and higher yields per unit as against higher yields per worker .
the [being] biases of research and development are well known and include big as against small farmers bias ; cash crop as against subsistence crop bias ; maximum average yield as against maximum yields in bad years ; irrigable as against dry land crops ; and higher yields per unit as against higher yields per worker .

Other important variables which qualify the impact of these relations of production upon the lives of these groups include the availability of land , whether there is population pressure under the existing production technology , and the degree of interference by the state ( by way of taxes , conscription , price fixing , rural development projects and so on ) .
other important variables which qualify the impact of these relations of production upon the lives of these groups include the availability of land , whether there is population pressure under the [being] production technology , and the degree of interference by the state ( by way of taxes , conscription , price fixing , rural development projects and so on ) .

‘ … the main idea is that social phenomena are seen as existing in relation to each other , and continually developing in and through such relations so as to form at various phases contradictory forces that generate qualitatively new formations .
‘ … the main idea is that social phenomena are seen as [being] in relation to each other , and continually developing in and through such relations so as to form at various phases contradictory forces that generate qualitatively new formations .

Without this integration the results of existing technical research can not be applied in less than the present high risk of failure .
without this integration the results of [being] technical research can not be applied in less than the present high risk of failure .

Conservation is hampered by existing land tenure conditions .
conservation is hampered by [being] land tenure conditions .

The case studies by Rapp , Berry and Temple ( 1973 ) which were referred to earlier in this chapter also illustrate all the major reasons for failure of conservation in Tanganyika and post-colonial Tanzania - technical incompetence and incompatibility with existing agricultural practice has already been mentioned — also attempts at coercion of peasants to build erosion works ( p. 1 17 , 250 ) , and a lack of participation , with an excess of petty restrictions ( p. 251 ) .
the case studies by rapp , berry and temple ( 1973 ) which were referred to earlier in this chapter also illustrate all the major reasons for failure of conservation in tanganyika and post-colonial tanzania - technical incompetence and incompatibility with [being] agricultural practice has already been mentioned — also attempts at coercion of peasants to build erosion works ( p. 1 17 , 250 ) , and a lack of participation , with an excess of petty restrictions ( p. 251 ) .

Furthermore , all the items on the check-list themselves , such as local participation , effective administration by government and consonance between conservation measures and existing agricultural and pastoral practice , require deep-seated political economic preconditions .
furthermore , all the items on the check-list themselves , such as local participation , effective administration by government and consonance between conservation measures and [being] agricultural and pastoral practice , require deep-seated political economic preconditions .

The enforced high population densities endured by Africans due to the expropriation of land for white commercial farmers , threatened to make existing agricultural and pastoral practices very harmful to the long-term productivity of land .
the enforced high population densities endured by africans due to the expropriation of land for white commercial farmers , threatened to make [being] agricultural and pastoral practices very harmful to the long-term productivity of land .

Otherness is not so much something to be frightened of , a threat to the stability of the self , as something that can be added to or incorporated into the already existing .
otherness is not so much something to be frightened of , a threat to the stability of the self , as something that can be added to or incorporated into the already [being] .

The existing building has been carefully restored externally : the brickwork on the Holyrood Street elevation was cleaned and repaired and the render on the rear elevation was largely replaced and painted white .
the [being] building has been carefully restored externally : the brickwork on the holyrood street elevation was cleaned and repaired and the render on the rear elevation was largely replaced and painted white .

It is a lightweight steel structure on piled foundations and , elevationally , is treated differently to the existing block , in a consciously modern style .
it is a lightweight steel structure on piled foundations and , elevationally , is treated differently to the [being] block , in a consciously modern style .

With Paul Appleton as the project architect , Allies and Morrison is promising a park and tree-lined square , which will leave an uninterrupted view of the existing buildings from the river .
with paul appleton as the project architect , allies and morrison is promising a park and tree-lined square , which will leave an uninterrupted view of the [being] buildings from the river .

But he is right in saying that existing road space must be rationed — electronic devices are the obvious method — and public transport radically enhanced .
but he is right in saying that [being] road space must be rationed — electronic devices are the obvious method — and public transport radically enhanced .

The first job of the Fitch Benoy team , led by divisional director Charles Dunnett , was to assess the existing fabric .
the first job of the fitch benoy team , led by divisional director charles dunnett , was to assess the [being] fabric .

The Security Council members wanted to reach arrangements with the existing states of the region .
the security council members wanted to reach arrangements with the [being] states of the region .

These grew in number , many existing solely on paper , but remained weak .
these grew in number , many [being] solely on paper , but remained weak .

To abolish the existing Governments of our country , North and South , and replace them with a true Democratic Republican Government owing but one allegiance to the Irish people .
to abolish the [being] governments of our country , north and south , and replace them with a true democratic republican government owing but one allegiance to the irish people .

Underpinning all of these disputes was a suspicion , amounting to a certainty in the minds of most Catholics , that the Unionists were unwilling to provide substantial new housing and to extend the city boundary because that would upset the existing political balance .
underpinning all of these disputes was a suspicion , amounting to a certainty in the minds of most catholics , that the unionists were unwilling to provide substantial new housing and to extend the city boundary because that would upset the [being] political balance .

Instead they relied on forcing dry wedges of wood into existing cracks in the stone and pouring water on the wood to make it swell and eventually crack the stone .
instead they relied on forcing dry wedges of wood into [being] cracks in the stone and pouring water on the wood to make it swell and eventually crack the stone .

Would one be offering some diploma and could this be built into any existing academic credit scheme ?
would one be offering some diploma and could this be built into any [being] academic credit scheme ?

Although the broadcasters ( subject to the existing obligation to ensure political balance in their programmes as a whole ) are not under any parliamentary or governmental control in such matters , there is an unwritten understanding that their coverage of the proceedings of the House must have some regard to the wishes of the House and its Members .
although the broadcasters ( subject to the [being] obligation to ensure political balance in their programmes as a whole ) are not under any parliamentary or governmental control in such matters , there is an unwritten understanding that their coverage of the proceedings of the house must have some regard to the wishes of the house and its members .

And not until mid-1993 will any incoming government get a chance to tinker with the existing composition of the Board of Governors .
and not until mid-1993 will any incoming government get a chance to tinker with the [being] composition of the board of governors .

Birmingham 's Centenary Square , which could be the Piazza San Marco of the Midlands , is a bleak , rather pointless space linking existing civic buildings with the new Convention Centre .
birmingham 's centenary square , which could be the piazza san marco of the midlands , is a bleak , rather pointless space linking [being] civic buildings with the new convention centre .

The stocks it sold yesterday were additions to seven existing issues .
the stocks it sold yesterday were additions to seven [being] issues .

First-time buyers ' purchases have halved since the last general election — which means that the existing owners who would have sold to them can not move either .
first-time buyers ' purchases have halved since the last general election — which means that the [being] owners who would have sold to them can not move either .

It is difficult for existing borrowers to get mortgage protection insurance .
it is difficult for [being] borrowers to get mortgage protection insurance .

Eleven days ago , the second largest lender , the Abbey National , stopped selling mortgage protection insurance to its existing borrowers .
eleven days ago , the second largest lender , the abbey national , stopped selling mortgage protection insurance to its [being] borrowers .

‘ If such plans develop , we will need to look at the company 's existing share structure and a 1-for-1 capitalisation issue would seem appropriate . ’
‘ if such plans develop , we will need to look at the company 's [being] share structure and a 1-for-1 capitalisation issue would seem appropriate . ’

That will leave management free to concentrate on the existing businesses which are not having an easy time of it .
that will leave management free to concentrate on the [being] businesses which are not having an easy time of it .

Bonington , by contrast , worked almost entirely within existing visual traditions , perfecting rather than expanding long-established conventions of rendering landscape .
bonington , by contrast , worked almost entirely within [being] visual traditions , perfecting rather than expanding long-established conventions of rendering landscape .

‘ Most tenants were very happy with their existing range , and their biggest fear was that we would stop supplying them with Bass beers .
‘ most tenants were very happy with their [being] range , and their biggest fear was that we would stop supplying them with bass beers .

The criticism that extracts are leading the brewers into the same realms of flavouring technology as the food industry is to some degree unfair since the extracts are modifications of existing ingredients .
the criticism that extracts are leading the brewers into the same realms of flavouring technology as the food industry is to some degree unfair since the extracts are modifications of [being] ingredients .

International Paint 's well-established Jet-Dry Japlac now also comes in a handy aerosol to complement the existing range of standard cans , available in 750ml , 500ml , 250ml , and 125ml sizes , and to facilitate application in awkward areas , or where speed and convenience are prime considerations .
international paint 's well-established jet-dry japlac now also comes in a handy aerosol to complement the [being] range of standard cans , available in 750ml , 500ml , 250ml , and 125ml sizes , and to facilitate application in awkward areas , or where speed and convenience are prime considerations .

It may seem strange to start by describing the best method of removing old finishes , but there is probably more work done on renovating old furniture and existing woodwork than on new wood .
it may seem strange to start by describing the best method of removing old finishes , but there is probably more work done on renovating old furniture and [being] woodwork than on new wood .

Bleach will only work on bare timber , so any existing finish must be removed first .
bleach will only work on bare timber , so any [being] finish must be removed first .

The disadvantage is that they require a transformer to step down the voltage , which either means fairly expensive fittings ( incorporating the transformer so they can replace existing fittings ) , or expensive wiring from a central transformer to the light fittings — low voltage means high current , so the wires have to be much bigger than normal lighting wiring .
the disadvantage is that they require a transformer to step down the voltage , which either means fairly expensive fittings ( incorporating the transformer so they can replace [being] fittings ) , or expensive wiring from a central transformer to the light fittings — low voltage means high current , so the wires have to be much bigger than normal lighting wiring .

To run cable down to light switches or to wall lights , it will usually be necessary to ‘ chase ’ slots in solid walls , though if you are rewiring a house which was originally wired in metal conduit , you may be able to use the existing conduit buried in the plaster leading to light switches to feed the cable down .
to run cable down to light switches or to wall lights , it will usually be necessary to ‘ chase ’ slots in solid walls , though if you are rewiring a house which was originally wired in metal conduit , you may be able to use the [being] conduit buried in the plaster leading to light switches to feed the cable down .

One is to take a supply from an existing loop-in ceiling rose or junction box to a new junction box , and then wire to the light switch and light fitting .
one is to take a supply from an [being] loop-in ceiling rose or junction box to a new junction box , and then wire to the light switch and light fitting .

If you want to fit a fluorescent light , recessed light ( s ) , ceiling light , or track lighting in place of an existing pendant light , you will normally want to remove the ceiling rose .
if you want to fit a fluorescent light , recessed light ( s ) , ceiling light , or track lighting in place of an [being] pendant light , you will normally want to remove the ceiling rose .

Converting an existing light — in the hall or the bedroom — to two-way switching is not difficult .
converting an [being] light — in the hall or the bedroom — to two-way switching is not difficult .

The existing wiring is left in place , and a length of three-core and earth lighting cable is run from the existing light switch ( which must be two-way ) to a new two-way light switch .
the [being] wiring is left in place , and a length of three-core and earth lighting cable is run from the [being] light switch ( which must be two-way ) to a new two-way light switch .

No extra wiring is necessary to fit dimmers or security light switches , as they simply replace the existing switch .
no extra wiring is necessary to fit dimmers or security light switches , as they simply replace the [being] switch .

The only problem comes where the existing switch is part of a two-way system , where you might need some technical help understanding the instructions , which are often written in electrician 's jargon rather than plain English .
the only problem comes where the [being] switch is part of a two-way system , where you might need some technical help understanding the instructions , which are often written in electrician 's jargon rather than plain english .

You might also need to fit a standard depth ( 25mm ) box if the existing switch is in a plaster-depth one .
you might also need to fit a standard depth ( 25mm ) box if the [being] switch is in a plaster-depth one .

With the drawer fronts , it will be necessary to top off the existing fronts using a rubber hammer or mallet .
with the drawer fronts , it will be necessary to top off the [being] fronts using a rubber hammer or mallet .

Remove any existing heater and fireplace — and take great care with old tiled surrounds . They are extremely heavy
remove any [being] heater and fireplace — and take great care with old tiled surrounds . they are extremely heavy

All are simple to use and compatible with existing lighting systems in the home .
all are simple to use and compatible with [being] lighting systems in the home .

If you intend to tile over existing tiles , you will have to drill holes through them for the masonry pins .
if you intend to tile over [being] tiles , you will have to drill holes through them for the masonry pins .

On timber : Floating floors are commonly used where existing floorboards are basically sound , but not in good enough repair to sand and seal .
on timber : floating floors are commonly used where [being] floorboards are basically sound , but not in good enough repair to sand and seal .

This method serves a dual function — it will absorb irregularities in the existing floorboards , and also muffle sound .
this method serves a dual function — it will absorb irregularities in the [being] floorboards , and also muffle sound .

If you are replacing existing patio doors , you have two options .
if you are replacing [being] patio doors , you have two options .

If you are fixing battens over existing rendering make sure they are long enough to give adequate penetration into the brickwork or blockwork beneath .
if you are fixing battens over [being] rendering make sure they are long enough to give adequate penetration into the brickwork or blockwork beneath .

While cladding can be fixed directly to existing masonry walls , it is good practice to cover them with waterproof building paper first to prevent any moisture that gets behind the cladding from penetrating the wall itself .
while cladding can be fixed directly to [being] masonry walls , it is good practice to cover them with waterproof building paper first to prevent any moisture that gets behind the cladding from penetrating the wall itself .

InterCity now has a range of offers — first class , standard and the Saver ticket — the purpose of which is , by offering varying fares to channel demand so that it can spread the load over existing capacity .
intercity now has a range of offers — first class , standard and the saver ticket — the purpose of which is , by offering varying fares to channel demand so that it can spread the load over [being] capacity .

The new box was to replace thirty-three existing signalboxes and to control the line between Norwood Junction and Brighton , including Gatwick Airport which , from May 1980 , was to be the terminus of a new semi-fast cross-country service from Reading ( via Guildford and Redhill ) .
the new box was to replace thirty-three [being] signalboxes and to control the line between norwood junction and brighton , including gatwick airport which , from may 1980 , was to be the terminus of a new semi-fast cross-country service from reading ( via guildford and redhill ) .

Existing traction resources were trimmed severely as the new , more efficient types entered service .
[being] traction resources were trimmed severely as the new , more efficient types entered service .

Both affirm the necessity of translating into social terms a Christian critique of existing society , and both emphasise the theological centrality of the notion of God 's ‘ preferential option for the poor ’ in any such critique .
both affirm the necessity of translating into social terms a christian critique of [being] society , and both emphasise the theological centrality of the notion of god 's ‘ preferential option for the poor ’ in any such critique .

It starts from the fact of disunity and asks which existing political mechanism can work best for unity .
it starts from the fact of disunity and asks which [being] political mechanism can work best for unity .

We naturally welcome Labour 's existing promise to repeal Section 28 and to legislate against discrimination in the workplace .
we naturally welcome labour 's [being] promise to repeal section 28 and to legislate against discrimination in the workplace .

The legal unit will keep groups informed as necessary , but we expect that no action will need to be taken by existing recognised groups in any case .
the legal unit will keep groups informed as necessary , but we expect that no action will need to be taken by [being] recognised groups in any case .

The existing conditions continue to apply and applications should be sent to the Grants Officer at Astral House .
the [being] conditions continue to apply and applications should be sent to the grants officer at astral house .

Coincidently , the report was published not long after the Government 's announcement of its intention to introduce commonhold legislation ( see Information Circular , August 1991 ) , which is aimed at strengthening the rights of existing leaseholders .
coincidently , the report was published not long after the government 's announcement of its intention to introduce commonhold legislation ( see information circular , august 1991 ) , which is aimed at strengthening the rights of [being] leaseholders .

This paper considers the usefulness of existing sources of data for health needs assessment .
this paper considers the usefulness of [being] sources of data for health needs assessment .

The points raised in this discussion paper are based on existing Age Concern policies .
the points raised in this discussion paper are based on [being] age concern policies .

If budget allocations for regions and districts are made on the basis of continuing existing spending patterns , this need will be overlooked , as most authorities do not have adequate provision for post-hospital care for elderly people .
if budget allocations for regions and districts are made on the basis of continuing [being] spending patterns , this need will be overlooked , as most authorities do not have adequate provision for post-hospital care for elderly people .

This would entitle them to sack Eurotunnel 's management , bring in new equity participation , and pull the plug on the £1bn invested by existing shareholders in the project .
this would entitle them to sack eurotunnel 's management , bring in new equity participation , and pull the plug on the £1bn invested by [being] shareholders in the project .

They want all existing large dogs to be included in the provisions of the Dangerous Wild Animals Act and to ban Alsatians , Dobermanns , Rottweilers and other big breeds from future private ownership .
they want all [being] large dogs to be included in the provisions of the dangerous wild animals act and to ban alsatians , dobermanns , rottweilers and other big breeds from future private ownership .

However , prospects of a change in the Government 's attitude over Mar Lodge seem unlikely after Scottish Office Minister Lord James Douglas-Hamilton said during the adjournment debate that the existing system would be adequate to safeguard the estate .
however , prospects of a change in the government 's attitude over mar lodge seem unlikely after scottish office minister lord james douglas-hamilton said during the adjournment debate that the [being] system would be adequate to safeguard the estate .

The Bendcrete competition structure used at the British Open at Olympia last year had been set up in all its over-hanging glory next to the existing facilities .
the bendcrete competition structure used at the british open at olympia last year had been set up in all its over-hanging glory next to the [being] facilities .

The irony being , of course , that climbing on the new wall would be considerably safer than soloing on the existing facilities .
the irony being , of course , that climbing on the new wall would be considerably safer than soloing on the [being] facilities .

Margaret Thatcher will next month tell an international conference that the trade in wastes for incineration should be allowed where it is the best environmental option for existing wastes .
margaret thatcher will next month tell an international conference that the trade in wastes for incineration should be allowed where it is the best environmental option for [being] wastes .

Such poetry is invulnerable , existing in a self-sealed and selfjustifying realm called ‘ aesthetic ’ , from which no appeal is allowed , or can be made , to other realms like the ethical or the civic .
such poetry is invulnerable , [being] in a self-sealed and selfjustifying realm called ‘ aesthetic ’ , from which no appeal is allowed , or can be made , to other realms like the ethical or the civic .

Garth Swanson says that the existing work could be extended fairly easily to switching speeds of 625MHz by making the igfets on a 1µm process , now standard fare in the semiconductor industry .
garth swanson says that the [being] work could be extended fairly easily to switching speeds of 625mhz by making the igfets on a 1µm process , now standard fare in the semiconductor industry .

Scattered through the policy review are proposals to : Drastically alter the status and organisation of the Department of Trade and Industry ; Create two departments — a Department of Consumer Affairs , and a Department for Legal Administration ; Create a Department of Environmental Protection within the existing Department of the Environment ; Set up a plethora of new commissions and executive agencies ; Set up a Women 's Ministry .
scattered through the policy review are proposals to : drastically alter the status and organisation of the department of trade and industry ; create two departments — a department of consumer affairs , and a department for legal administration ; create a department of environmental protection within the [being] department of the environment ; set up a plethora of new commissions and executive agencies ; set up a women 's ministry .

It would be able to ‘ require each government department to review its policies , practices , and existing and proposed legislation ’ .
it would be able to ‘ require each government department to review its policies , practices , and [being] and proposed legislation ’ .

In some cases Labour 's quangos merge existing ones , or replace well-established bodies .
in some cases labour 's quangos merge [being] ones , or replace well-established bodies .

Martial law orders empower military tribunals to ‘ waive unnecessary witnesses ’ and to impose death sentences ‘ regardless of the provisions under existing laws ’ .
martial law orders empower military tribunals to ‘ waive unnecessary witnesses ’ and to impose death sentences ‘ regardless of the provisions under [being] laws ’ .

After the banks ' nationalisation he sold most of his interests in the dozen or so companies he had created and drawn his wealth from , and committed himself to combating the existing political system .
after the banks ' nationalisation he sold most of his interests in the dozen or so companies he had created and drawn his wealth from , and committed himself to combating the [being] political system .

This may sound utopian , but it has been borne out by the experience of existing telecottages .
this may sound utopian , but it has been borne out by the experience of [being] telecottages .

The aim of telecottages is to create well-paid , flexible employment which will provide new jobs and make existing rural industries more competitive .
the aim of telecottages is to create well-paid , flexible employment which will provide new jobs and make [being] rural industries more competitive .

By the late seventies some British academics were displaying a wary but sympathetic interest in early or classical structuralism , particularly as it was expounded in Culler 's widely read Structuralist Poetics , a lucid , urbane work which suggested that structuralism might , without too much difficulty , be adopted to existing academic practice .
by the late seventies some british academics were displaying a wary but sympathetic interest in early or classical structuralism , particularly as it was expounded in culler 's widely read structuralist poetics , a lucid , urbane work which suggested that structuralism might , without too much difficulty , be adopted to [being] academic practice .

Nevertheless , Lodge was able to use classical structuralism and aspects of Russian Formalism to refine and extend the existing approaches of formalist criticism .
nevertheless , lodge was able to use classical structuralism and aspects of russian formalism to refine and extend the [being] approaches of formalist criticism .

Unlike other academic disciplines , English in higher education presupposes both an existing knowledge and an existing competence , which in practice is often lacking .
unlike other academic disciplines , english in higher education presupposes both an [being] knowledge and an [being] competence , which in practice is often lacking .

‘ Our existing policies not only remain unchanged after the Peking incident , we will move forward in pushing forward the economic reform and open door policy .
‘ our [being] policies not only remain unchanged after the peking incident , we will move forward in pushing forward the economic reform and open door policy .

As another step in this direction , the South African army is toning down its salute from the existing bellicose method of raising the entire arm above the shoulder .
as another step in this direction , the south african army is toning down its salute from the [being] bellicose method of raising the entire arm above the shoulder .

All made valuable scores from existing music for de Valois , Ashton and MacMillan .
all made valuable scores from [being] music for de valois , ashton and macmillan .

While the first level of cuts can be reached using existing levels of technology , the second stage , likely in 1994 , will require a new generation of engines .
while the first level of cuts can be reached using [being] levels of technology , the second stage , likely in 1994 , will require a new generation of engines .

It says that without building on existing community services , residential care will expand even faster than the £1 billion growth in the 1980s , as measured by social security costs .
it says that without building on [being] community services , residential care will expand even faster than the £1 billion growth in the 1980s , as measured by social security costs .

Some described the existing ‘ Brezhnevite ’ constitution as outdated , and said it would be undemocratic to enforce compliance with it .
some described the [being] ‘ brezhnevite ’ constitution as outdated , and said it would be undemocratic to enforce compliance with it .

Midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .
midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to [being] customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .

In practice , the hoped-for package business will probably be handled by composite syndicates formed from the merger of existing specialists , so the quality of underwriting judgment should not deteriorate .
in practice , the hoped-for package business will probably be handled by composite syndicates formed from the merger of [being] specialists , so the quality of underwriting judgment should not deteriorate .

The Sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .
the sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are [being] savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .

Their final goal was to create bases in the Tadjik Republic from which to destabilise the situation in Soviet Central Asia , and to mobilise forces aiming to overthrow the system existing in the Soviet Central Asian Republics ’ .
their final goal was to create bases in the tadjik republic from which to destabilise the situation in soviet central asia , and to mobilise forces aiming to overthrow the system [being] in the soviet central asian republics ’ .

Existing guarantees offer extra rights but vary from maker to maker .
[being] guarantees offer extra rights but vary from maker to maker .

The existing complaints department would have a new role directly investigating complaints by telephone , correspondence and , if necessary , face-to-face interviews .
the [being] complaints department would have a new role directly investigating complaints by telephone , correspondence and , if necessary , face-to-face interviews .

Their final goal was to create bases in the Tadjik Republic from which to destabilise the situation in Soviet Central Asia , and to mobilise forces aiming to overthrow the system existing in the Soviet Central Asian Republics ’ .
their final goal was to create bases in the tadjik republic from which to destabilise the situation in soviet central asia , and to mobilise forces aiming to overthrow the system [being] in the soviet central asian republics ’ .

Midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .
midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to [being] customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .

Midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to existing customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .
midland , the only bank to restrict its sending cash abroad service to [being] customers , charges £6 on drafts of up to £100 and 0.5 per cent of the sterling value with a minimum charge of £9 over that amount .

The encouragement of the growth of such networks , encompassing larger businesses , the education sector and other institutions ‘ tapping the many skills in the community ’ , is seen as a priority rather than introducing new measures or rationalising existing ones .
the encouragement of the growth of such networks , encompassing larger businesses , the education sector and other institutions ‘ tapping the many skills in the community ’ , is seen as a priority rather than introducing new measures or rationalising [being] ones .

Firstly , there could be a tendency to go for the ‘ lowest skill ’ option in the selection of new technology , in order to reduce training costs and to ensure that existing employees can cope .
firstly , there could be a tendency to go for the ‘ lowest skill ’ option in the selection of new technology , in order to reduce training costs and to ensure that [being] employees can cope .

In practice , the hoped-for package business will probably be handled by composite syndicates formed from the merger of existing specialists , so the quality of underwriting judgment should not deteriorate .
in practice , the hoped-for package business will probably be handled by composite syndicates formed from the merger of [being] specialists , so the quality of underwriting judgment should not deteriorate .

The Sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .
the sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are [being] savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .

The Sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are existing savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .
the sheffield , for example , currently offers the best rate at 12.36 net , but only children whose parents or grandparents are [being] savers may open an account and there is a maximum investment of £500 .

The addition of another $7 a share to Temple 's bid levels out the fight and gives SeaCo shareholders a straight choice between the existing management and the ambitious consortium who plan to split the assets between them .
the addition of another $7 a share to temple 's bid levels out the fight and gives seaco shareholders a straight choice between the [being] management and the ambitious consortium who plan to split the assets between them .

Midland is linking up with an affiliate of the World Bank , International Finance Corporation , Banco Rio de la Plata — Argentina 's largest bank — and the Bank of Tokyo , to set up an initial $500million fund which would swap existing debt for stakes in newly privatised operations .
midland is linking up with an affiliate of the world bank , international finance corporation , banco rio de la plata — argentina 's largest bank — and the bank of tokyo , to set up an initial $500million fund which would swap [being] debt for stakes in newly privatised operations .

Midland estimates that it will be able to trade its debt for equity stakes at between 30 per cent and 40 per cent of the face value of the loans — getting equity stakes valued between $30million and $40million in exchange for an existing $100million loan .
midland estimates that it will be able to trade its debt for equity stakes at between 30 per cent and 40 per cent of the face value of the loans — getting equity stakes valued between $30million and $40million in exchange for an [being] $100million loan .

The likely swap rates are also below existing provision levels .
the likely swap rates are also below [being] provision levels .

In fact , a number of political parties and movements have been operating in Lithuania for some time , as in Estonia and Latvia ; the constitutional change merely recognises the existing situation .
in fact , a number of political parties and movements have been operating in lithuania for some time , as in estonia and latvia ; the constitutional change merely recognises the [being] situation .

With the existing ethnic balance between Czechs and Slovaks in senior positions , the new president has to be a Czech , thus ruling out Mr Alexander Dubcek , the leader of the Prague Spring of 1968 , who is also a Slovak .
with the [being] ethnic balance between czechs and slovaks in senior positions , the new president has to be a czech , thus ruling out mr alexander dubcek , the leader of the prague spring of 1968 , who is also a slovak .

It is feared that the process will lead to overbidding by outsiders hungry to get into television , which will oust existing contractors intending to invest more money in a wider range of programmes and with a more realistic view of the cost of running a service .
it is feared that the process will lead to overbidding by outsiders hungry to get into television , which will oust [being] contractors intending to invest more money in a wider range of programmes and with a more realistic view of the cost of running a service .

The mill , one of four in Cranham , was built around 1657 and was probably added onto an existing stone-built cottage of two storeys , each of a single room .
the mill , one of four in cranham , was built around 1657 and was probably added onto an [being] stone-built cottage of two storeys , each of a single room .

The wheel pit still exists although this has now been concreted up to the level of the existing floor .
the wheel pit still exists although this has now been concreted up to the level of the [being] floor .

Make sure that the new prospectus goes to existing families in the school as well as to the families of prospective new entrants .
make sure that the new prospectus goes to [being] families in the school as well as to the families of prospective new entrants .

There is a great natural temptation for new members to cast doubts on the worth of pursuing an existing project and to want to push off in new directions .
there is a great natural temptation for new members to cast doubts on the worth of pursuing an [being] project and to want to push off in new directions .

It does seem fair to contact the child 's existing school before any decision is made so that the school can make some attempt to reconcile differences with the parent and also to avoid the accusation of pupil poaching .
it does seem fair to contact the child 's [being] school before any decision is made so that the school can make some attempt to reconcile differences with the parent and also to avoid the accusation of pupil poaching .

The French network , Renatel , will begin linking up existing research computer systems next year .
the french network , renatel , will begin linking up [being] research computer systems next year .

Senior expects Delta 's haemoglobin to cost around 50 pence per gram , ten times less than the cost of purifying it from red blood cells , the main existing source .
senior expects delta 's haemoglobin to cost around 50 pence per gram , ten times less than the cost of purifying it from red blood cells , the main [being] source .

He wants continued support for all the existing research units that evaluate screening programmes , and for careful assessments of the long-term outcomes of screening on the population .
he wants continued support for all the [being] research units that evaluate screening programmes , and for careful assessments of the long-term outcomes of screening on the population .

When choosing say , a new fridge , do we worry about the power it uses compared with our existing model , or do we go for the one with the clever arrangement of shelves that gives plenty of room for the mineral water ?
when choosing say , a new fridge , do we worry about the power it uses compared with our [being] model , or do we go for the one with the clever arrangement of shelves that gives plenty of room for the mineral water ?

It is impossible to work out what your existing matching consumes from a quarterly electricity bill .
it is impossible to work out what your [being] matching consumes from a quarterly electricity bill .

One of the first projects for the Krakow centre will be the modification of an existing hospital to make it an energy efficient building .
one of the first projects for the krakow centre will be the modification of an [being] hospital to make it an energy efficient building .

The alternative , says Johansson , is to plan your power supply in terms of the services you need , considering the possibility of making existing energy go further , as well as simply generating more power .
the alternative , says johansson , is to plan your power supply in terms of the services you need , considering the possibility of making [being] energy go further , as well as simply generating more power .

The planner can then show how to meet those needs , either by generating more power , or by using existing supplies more efficiently , for the least cost .
the planner can then show how to meet those needs , either by generating more power , or by using [being] supplies more efficiently , for the least cost .

This was a halfway house in which Sweden used no coal , and only its existing biomass , without the energy plantations .
this was a halfway house in which sweden used no coal , and only its [being] biomass , without the energy plantations .

Along Via San Barnaba you will pass the church for which the street is named , another work by Galeazzo Alessi , although here he was enlarging and modifying an existing building .
along via san barnaba you will pass the church for which the street is named , another work by galeazzo alessi , although here he was enlarging and modifying an [being] building .

An existing overhead electricity line runs just 50 yards away from the turbine and will be fed with the power through an underground cable .
an [being] overhead electricity line runs just 50 yards away from the turbine and will be fed with the power through an underground cable .

As the policy of segregation was continued by successive governments , parents became ashamed of their mentally handicapped children , and many of the public attitudes still existing today were formulated .
as the policy of segregation was continued by successive governments , parents became ashamed of their mentally handicapped children , and many of the public attitudes still [being] today were formulated .

Three : the continuation of the pregnancy would involve risk of injury to the physical or mental health of existing children
three : the continuation of the pregnancy would involve risk of injury to the physical or mental health of [being] children

The existing standard number , determined under section 15 of the Education Act 1980 and generally set at the intake of pupils to the school in 1979–80 ( a peak year ) , will be the new standard number — unless in 1989–90 , the year before the law changed , admissions exceeded the 1980 Act standard number .
the [being] standard number , determined under section 15 of the education act 1980 and generally set at the intake of pupils to the school in 1979–80 ( a peak year ) , will be the new standard number — unless in 1989–90 , the year before the law changed , admissions exceeded the 1980 act standard number .

The provisions the Committee recommend for inclusion involve little more than a restatement of the existing common law position :
the provisions the committee recommend for inclusion involve little more than a restatement of the [being] common law position :

Henceforth , as a result of the Prince 's action at Strasbourg , this cosy doctrine was threatened by a recrudescence of popular Bonapartism in which the key figure was not the dead Napoleon but the living Louis-Napoleon , who was offering a political alternative to the existing system .
henceforth , as a result of the prince 's action at strasbourg , this cosy doctrine was threatened by a recrudescence of popular bonapartism in which the key figure was not the dead napoleon but the living louis-napoleon , who was offering a political alternative to the [being] system .

There was one great and essential difference , however , between Haussmann and Wren ; the Great Fire of 1666 had given the English architect a head-start when it came to demolition of existing buildings .
there was one great and essential difference , however , between haussmann and wren ; the great fire of 1666 had given the english architect a head-start when it came to demolition of [being] buildings .

draw on examples from across the curriculum , and in particular those existing requirements for mathematics and science which refer to use of spoken language and vocabulary , asking questions , working in groups , explaining and presenting ideas , giving and understanding instructions ;
draw on examples from across the curriculum , and in particular those [being] requirements for mathematics and science which refer to use of spoken language and vocabulary , asking questions , working in groups , explaining and presenting ideas , giving and understanding instructions ;

The enlightened will see our article as a condemnation of the failure of the existing statutory bodies .
the enlightened will see our article as a condemnation of the failure of the [being] statutory bodies .

Would it be best to fit the electric pump in parallel with , or before or after ( ie. in series with ) the existing mechanical pump ?
would it be best to fit the electric pump in parallel with , or before or after ( ie. in series with ) the [being] mechanical pump ?

1 ) establish who is responsible for reinforcing the existing law on sale of tobacco products to children 2 ) increase fines for retailers 3 ) restrict vending machines to over-18s premises 4 ) seek to phase out tobacco-sponsored sports coverage over the next 5 years 5 ) increase the amount spent by the tobacco industry on prevention ( currently 1% )
1 ) establish who is responsible for reinforcing the [being] law on sale of tobacco products to children 2 ) increase fines for retailers 3 ) restrict vending machines to over-18s premises 4 ) seek to phase out tobacco-sponsored sports coverage over the next 5 years 5 ) increase the amount spent by the tobacco industry on prevention ( currently 1% )

‘ In the main , the church and its leaders drew their importance from the support they gave to the existing powers and from their multiple involvements in education , social welfare and administration .
‘ in the main , the church and its leaders drew their importance from the support they gave to the [being] powers and from their multiple involvements in education , social welfare and administration .

’ ( Smith 1982 : 5 ) This shift in official church policy has made possible a greater integration of religious and secular values and also the move from legitimisation of the existing social structures towards the promotion of greater equality .
’ ( smith 1982 : 5 ) this shift in official church policy has made possible a greater integration of religious and secular values and also the move from legitimisation of the [being] social structures towards the promotion of greater equality .

As Kahl has said , education ‘ reinforces the existing status system and provides for movement within it ’ ( Kahl 1970 : 137 ) , but this suggests that it does not change the system .
as kahl has said , education ‘ reinforces the [being] status system and provides for movement within it ’ ( kahl 1970 : 137 ) , but this suggests that it does not change the system .

In the early years of married life , a couple may try and establish as wide a social network as possible and , then , in later life if they feel that it is sufficient , they may ask relatives to be godparents , thus reaffirming existing kinship ties , rather than extending the network further .
in the early years of married life , a couple may try and establish as wide a social network as possible and , then , in later life if they feel that it is sufficient , they may ask relatives to be godparents , thus reaffirming [being] kinship ties , rather than extending the network further .

The new government decided to use the existing legal framework to save the time and possible difficulties that new laws might bring about , hut with certain modifications .
the new government decided to use the [being] legal framework to save the time and possible difficulties that new laws might bring about , hut with certain modifications .

The programmes were implemented by governments through existing political channels , thus allowing dominant groups to take advantage of the situation .
the programmes were implemented by governments through [being] political channels , thus allowing dominant groups to take advantage of the situation .

In many Latin American countries , governments have realised that the cheapest way of attempting to solve the housing problem is to upgrade existing housing settlements and ease the development of new sites and services , rather than attempt the seemingly impossible task of constructing buildings sufficient to house the urban population .
in many latin american countries , governments have realised that the cheapest way of attempting to solve the housing problem is to upgrade [being] housing settlements and ease the development of new sites and services , rather than attempt the seemingly impossible task of constructing buildings sufficient to house the urban population .

With the dominant class , it shares in the control of the existing social order and benefits from that order ( Portes 1985 ) .
with the dominant class , it shares in the control of the [being] social order and benefits from that order ( portes 1985 ) .

Its remuneration in the form of wages may not be very high , but does offer a measure of security , in that wages are contractually established and regulated under existing labour laws , which means that in theory they can not be arbitrarily withdrawn or altered .
its remuneration in the form of wages may not be very high , but does offer a measure of security , in that wages are contractually established and regulated under [being] labour laws , which means that in theory they can not be arbitrarily withdrawn or altered .

This is cold-blooded business indeed , just as was the Balfour Declaration of 1917 that gave Britain 's support to a Jewish homeland providing that ‘ nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine ’ .
this is cold-blooded business indeed , just as was the balfour declaration of 1917 that gave britain 's support to a jewish homeland providing that ‘ nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of [being] non-jewish communities in palestine ’ .

Those whom Balfour had described as ‘ the existing non-Jewish communities of Palestine ’ were about to undergo their first catastrophe .
those whom balfour had described as ‘ the [being] non-jewish communities of palestine ’ were about to undergo their first catastrophe .

She hung on for two years , existing on fees for supervising undergraduates and an allowance from her father .
she hung on for two years , [being] on fees for supervising undergraduates and an allowance from her father .

Most common discussions of political authority presuppose existing political institutions and ask under what conditions do institutions of that kind have legitimate authority .
most common discussions of political authority presuppose [being] political institutions and ask under what conditions do institutions of that kind have legitimate authority .

These costs of consent to political authority suggest that , on instrumental grounds , consent can only be held binding if it is so qualified that its effect is almost entirely confined to reinforcing independently existing obligations to obey .
these costs of consent to political authority suggest that , on instrumental grounds , consent can only be held binding if it is so qualified that its effect is almost entirely confined to reinforcing independently [being] obligations to obey .

It essentially regards consent as existing whenever one 's action brings about a natural event in the world or increases the likelihood of such an event .
it essentially regards consent as [being] whenever one 's action brings about a natural event in the world or increases the likelihood of such an event .

This entails , as was pointed out above , that disobedience to a law is justified only if it is justified by an existing legal doctrine to that effect .
this entails , as was pointed out above , that disobedience to a law is justified only if it is justified by an [being] legal doctrine to that effect .

Assuming that it is what it should be , it does no more than incorporate into law a moral right existing independently of the law .
assuming that it is what it should be , it does no more than incorporate into law a moral right [being] independently of the law .

There is also now a clearly identifiable civil use for plutonium as fuel for the fast breeder type of reactor which it is hoped will eventually replace existing designs .
there is also now a clearly identifiable civil use for plutonium as fuel for the fast breeder type of reactor which it is hoped will eventually replace [being] designs .

New statements of evidence , or additions to existing statements , were constantly produced by the regular participants .
new statements of evidence , or additions to [being] statements , were constantly produced by the regular participants .

All these factors have helped to make Britain 's existing nuclear stations more expensive than was hoped for .
all these factors have helped to make britain 's [being] nuclear stations more expensive than was hoped for .

Indeed , the national is often a concept used deliberately to conceal conflict over the issues , to force one kind of unity around an existing status quo ( and if the arguments do not achieve unity , troops can be used to enforce it on the recalcitrants ) .
indeed , the national is often a concept used deliberately to conceal conflict over the issues , to force one kind of unity around an [being] status quo ( and if the arguments do not achieve unity , troops can be used to enforce it on the recalcitrants ) .

As a political , rather than psychological , phenomenon , national liberation and nationalism concern first and foremost the State — the aspiration to create a State , or the defence or expansion of an existing State .
as a political , rather than psychological , phenomenon , national liberation and nationalism concern first and foremost the state — the aspiration to create a state , or the defence or expansion of an [being] state .

Even the existing States were too small for the emerging economy .
even the [being] states were too small for the emerging economy .

In England , a military dictatorship was required to protect the existing social order .
in england , a military dictatorship was required to protect the [being] social order .

He promised an end to serfdom , reform of landholdings and an extension of the suffrage , a programme which in turn alienated an important part of the Magyar gentry and rendered them much more favourably disposed to suspending national demands in favour of outside intervention to protect existing social relationships .
he promised an end to serfdom , reform of landholdings and an extension of the suffrage , a programme which in turn alienated an important part of the magyar gentry and rendered them much more favourably disposed to suspending national demands in favour of outside intervention to protect [being] social relationships .

That required the end of existing property relations which were national ( and which involved ‘ the exploitation of some nations by others ’ ) .
that required the end of [being] property relations which were national ( and which involved ‘ the exploitation of some nations by others ’ ) .

Implicitly , the programme was one for the reform of the existing empire rather than its overthrow .
implicitly , the programme was one for the reform of the [being] empire rather than its overthrow .

In Rosa Luxemburg 's view this forced nations either to be assimilated into an existing empire or to create their own empire .
in rosa luxemburg 's view this forced nations either to be assimilated into an [being] empire or to create their own empire .

Existing smaller powers that were supposedly independent had little real power .
[being] smaller powers that were supposedly independent had little real power .

Piatakov , a Ukrainian , now argued that , following Lenin 's April theses , prepared on his return to Russia , which rejected the existing party policy of supporting the provisional government and set the Party on the road to the seizure of power , socialism was on the immediate agenda , not the establishment of a bourgeois republic .
piatakov , a ukrainian , now argued that , following lenin 's april theses , prepared on his return to russia , which rejected the [being] party policy of supporting the provisional government and set the party on the road to the seizure of power , socialism was on the immediate agenda , not the establishment of a bourgeois republic .

The Saddlery Courses are designed for people wishing to earn a full time living from making and repairing saddlery or for anyone who just wants to supplement their existing income , as they state ‘ whatever you want from this course , either to earn money or to save money , it is designed for you . ’
the saddlery courses are designed for people wishing to earn a full time living from making and repairing saddlery or for anyone who just wants to supplement their [being] income , as they state ‘ whatever you want from this course , either to earn money or to save money , it is designed for you . ’

The use and refinement of existing powers The legal and operational precedents set by the strike were being followed and expanded by the police almost as soon as the dispute was over .
the use and refinement of [being] powers the legal and operational precedents set by the strike were being followed and expanded by the police almost as soon as the dispute was over .

When something goes wrong , the slogan ‘ Have machine , will travel ’ has a depressing ring of truth , especially disastrous in the winter season , since it is no good excavating a channel in midwinter if the ecologists working with the engineers on a scheme have not had the opportunity during the previous summer growing season to identify the existing aquatic habitat affected .
when something goes wrong , the slogan ‘ have machine , will travel ’ has a depressing ring of truth , especially disastrous in the winter season , since it is no good excavating a channel in midwinter if the ecologists working with the engineers on a scheme have not had the opportunity during the previous summer growing season to identify the [being] aquatic habitat affected .

But the practical difficulty of moving towards such a solution , given existing comparatively small school buildings , was conclusive ; and the then Permanent Secretary , Maurice Holmes , advised the Minister to divide secondary school children up into relatively small units , each with its own type of curriculum , according to ability .
but the practical difficulty of moving towards such a solution , given [being] comparatively small school buildings , was conclusive ; and the then permanent secretary , maurice holmes , advised the minister to divide secondary school children up into relatively small units , each with its own type of curriculum , according to ability .

Barbarossa was crowned Emperor in Saint Peter 's Basilica , declaring that the Pope merely confirmed his existing right to imperial power , but opposed by the Roman citizens and surrounding Italian territories .
barbarossa was crowned emperor in saint peter 's basilica , declaring that the pope merely confirmed his [being] right to imperial power , but opposed by the roman citizens and surrounding italian territories .

The new accommodation is on one floor , set round a pretty courtyard which echoes the traditional details of the existing structure .
the new accommodation is on one floor , set round a pretty courtyard which echoes the traditional details of the [being] structure .

The position is put that the existing system ( here the method of dividing people into one or the other sex ) produces unfortunate consequences and should be abandoned .
the position is put that the [being] system ( here the method of dividing people into one or the other sex ) produces unfortunate consequences and should be abandoned .

Instead , the more legitimate approach is to demand that those who maintain the existing system in the face of scientific development must justify their position by pointing to these considerations of reason and policy .
instead , the more legitimate approach is to demand that those who maintain the [being] system in the face of scientific development must justify their position by pointing to these considerations of reason and policy .

Every human being belongs to one sex or the other , the two categories existing as separate , mutually exclusive units .
every human being belongs to one sex or the other , the two categories [being] as separate , mutually exclusive units .

Involvement of the public would not only affirm the fact that these are issues for all of us , but would also educate people as to the range and limitations of existing therapies , and involve them in the decisions to be made in the light of this .
involvement of the public would not only affirm the fact that these are issues for all of us , but would also educate people as to the range and limitations of [being] therapies , and involve them in the decisions to be made in the light of this .

At first Christians looked upon the risen Jesus as the Messiah whose return was imminent and would bring to an end the existing world-order .
at first christians looked upon the risen jesus as the messiah whose return was imminent and would bring to an end the [being] world-order .

The relationship between overall unemployment and crime is inconsistent … on balance the weight of existing research supports there being a weak but none the less significant causal relationship .
the relationship between overall unemployment and crime is inconsistent … on balance the weight of [being] research supports there being a weak but none the less significant causal relationship .

Secondary double glazing , by which means additional window frames are fixed into fitments inside your existing windows , is not prohibitively expensive .
secondary double glazing , by which means additional window frames are fixed into fitments inside your [being] windows , is not prohibitively expensive .

Have heavy curtains at all the windows to cut out draughts and keep in the warmth , or add thermal linings to your existing curtains .
have heavy curtains at all the windows to cut out draughts and keep in the warmth , or add thermal linings to your [being] curtains .

Because of this , what we see on the screen seems not so much acting as existing .
because of this , what we see on the screen seems not so much acting as [being] .

Most of the existing building though is 15th and 16th Century .
most of the [being] building though is 15th and 16th century .

This plan identifies exactly where the council is planning developments and has to show existing free land available for the next five years .
this plan identifies exactly where the council is planning developments and has to show [being] free land available for the next five years .

Models have shown that , with a 20 per cent conversion across Britain , cereal production would decrease by six per cent , oil seed rape by 12 per cent and milk by four per cent — not an enormous reduction when you consider the already existing and wasted surpluses .
models have shown that , with a 20 per cent conversion across britain , cereal production would decrease by six per cent , oil seed rape by 12 per cent and milk by four per cent — not an enormous reduction when you consider the already [being] and wasted surpluses .

or your company 's time and assets , and will put pressure on existing staff who may have to work with unsatisfactory newcomers .
or your company 's time and assets , and will put pressure on [being] staff who may have to work with unsatisfactory newcomers .

Rethinking an existing job
rethinking an [being] job

In many respects it may no longer fulfil a useful function and those parts of the job that are still useful could be distributed among existing staff .
in many respects it may no longer fulfil a useful function and those parts of the job that are still useful could be distributed among [being] staff .

Let existing staff Apply
let [being] staff apply

When the more straightforward side of the questioning has been dealt with it is usual for the interviewer to move on to more difficult areas of assessment — motivation , enthusiasm , ability to fit in with existing staff , flexibility , readiness to travel if necessary , stability of home background , etc .
when the more straightforward side of the questioning has been dealt with it is usual for the interviewer to move on to more difficult areas of assessment — motivation , enthusiasm , ability to fit in with [being] staff , flexibility , readiness to travel if necessary , stability of home background , etc .

the solicitor has an existing client or an interest of his/her own which would prevent him/her from working solely in your interests .
the solicitor has an [being] client or an interest of his/her own which would prevent him/her from working solely in your interests .

The fear of abandonment and being on their own was stronger than the discomfort of the existing situation .
the fear of abandonment and being on their own was stronger than the discomfort of the [being] situation .

In spite of our concern with the dubious provenance of the term itself there remains a need to research ‘ the inner city problem ’ , evaluate existing policies and propose new ones .
in spite of our concern with the dubious provenance of the term itself there remains a need to research ‘ the inner city problem ’ , evaluate [being] policies and propose new ones .

By letting the property market lead , the industrial sector has been ignored and on many occasions existing industry has been driven out or left to die .
by letting the property market lead , the industrial sector has been ignored and on many occasions [being] industry has been driven out or left to die .

With their statutory origins in the 1980 Local Government Planning and Land Act , UDCs are designed to bring land and buildings into effective use , encourage the development of new and existing commerce , create an attractive environment and ensure that housing and social facilities are available to encourage people to live and work in the area .
with their statutory origins in the 1980 local government planning and land act , udcs are designed to bring land and buildings into effective use , encourage the development of new and [being] commerce , create an attractive environment and ensure that housing and social facilities are available to encourage people to live and work in the area .

It has created 1,900 jobs but during the same period over 800 existing jobs have been lost in an area which lies at the heart of three parliamentary constituencies with some of the highest unemployment rates in Britain .
it has created 1,900 jobs but during the same period over 800 [being] jobs have been lost in an area which lies at the heart of three parliamentary constituencies with some of the highest unemployment rates in britain .

Roughly mid-way along the Great Glen line , between Loch Lochy and Loch Ness , at Killiehuimen , Wade replaced the existing minor fort with a new , much stronger one , finished in 1742 .
roughly mid-way along the great glen line , between loch lochy and loch ness , at killiehuimen , wade replaced the [being] minor fort with a new , much stronger one , finished in 1742 .

Wade also rebuilt the existing barracks at Ruthven and Bernera , already described , and over the next ten years or so a total of more than 30 other forts to protect his new , Roman-style , network of roads .
wade also rebuilt the [being] barracks at ruthven and bernera , already described , and over the next ten years or so a total of more than 30 other forts to protect his new , roman-style , network of roads .

Over the past 18 months we have launched a number of products offering opportunities for existing customers .
over the past 18 months we have launched a number of products offering opportunities for [being] customers .

An official announcement was expected at the end of the week , following a final meeting at Pirelli 's Milan headquarters , but it has been delayed by contractual difficulties with some of the company 's existing Italian agencies .
an official announcement was expected at the end of the week , following a final meeting at pirelli 's milan headquarters , but it has been delayed by contractual difficulties with some of the company 's [being] italian agencies .

‘ We intend appointing one agency , but that now means manoeuvring around existing contracts , ’ says Tyson .
‘ we intend appointing one agency , but that now means manoeuvring around [being] contracts , ’ says tyson .

‘ We may still have to make penalty payments or let some of the existing agencies run out their contracts and buy airtime .
‘ we may still have to make penalty payments or let some of the [being] agencies run out their contracts and buy airtime .

In the past it has marketed itself primarily at existing customers by concentrating on improving services .
in the past it has marketed itself primarily at [being] customers by concentrating on improving services .

American Express is fighting back , it says , with strategic emphasis on its sales force , which will tell existing and potential service providers such as retailers , restaurants and hotels , how they can benefit from their association with the Amex card .
american express is fighting back , it says , with strategic emphasis on its sales force , which will tell [being] and potential service providers such as retailers , restaurants and hotels , how they can benefit from their association with the amex card .

Crewe says : ‘ We are not going for numbers — we have to stay contained to offer the level of service that we do and meet the needs of our existing customer base .
crewe says : ‘ we are not going for numbers — we have to stay contained to offer the level of service that we do and meet the needs of our [being] customer base .

’ He admits that in the Eighties the card took on some people who were not quite of the calibre of its existing client portfolio .
’ he admits that in the eighties the card took on some people who were not quite of the calibre of its [being] client portfolio .

The new census statistics will benefit organisations such as Reader 's Digest or Kays , that sell direct to the customer , in that they will be able to improve the selection of both prospects and existing customers for targeted mailshots .
the new census statistics will benefit organisations such as reader 's digest or kays , that sell direct to the customer , in that they will be able to improve the selection of both prospects and [being] customers for targeted mailshots .

And you 'll find our billing methods are flexible enough for us to agree whichever best fits in with your existing accounting system and credit period preference .
and you 'll find our billing methods are flexible enough for us to agree whichever best fits in with your [being] accounting system and credit period preference .

Invoicing intervals planned to fit in with your existing accounting methods .
invoicing intervals planned to fit in with your [being] accounting methods .

Since September 1989 , a new rear seat safety law has been in force , in addition to the existing law relating to the front sea .
since september 1989 , a new rear seat safety law has been in force , in addition to the [being] law relating to the front sea .

It allows you to double 10BaseT segments by adding a length of at least 100 meters to an existing segment .
it allows you to double 10baset segments by adding a length of at least 100 meters to an [being] segment .

Some structures merely seem to satisfy an urge to build but not any desire to simulate an existing object or building .
some structures merely seem to satisfy an urge to build but not any desire to simulate an [being] object or building .

Casteleyn observed that ‘ Smaller libraries may not need a full-time training officer but may be able to benefit from the advice of a training officer employed to develop training centrally for the whole organisation ’ , and suggested that ‘ smaller authorities who were unlikely to have their own training officers should look to their authority 's training department for support ’ but it seems that in practice , smaller libraries are least likely to have an existing strong centre of training expertise to turn to .
casteleyn observed that ‘ smaller libraries may not need a full-time training officer but may be able to benefit from the advice of a training officer employed to develop training centrally for the whole organisation ’ , and suggested that ‘ smaller authorities who were unlikely to have their own training officers should look to their authority 's training department for support ’ but it seems that in practice , smaller libraries are least likely to have an [being] strong centre of training expertise to turn to .

The range of general categories of need has been well covered by existing literature .
the range of general categories of need has been well covered by [being] literature .

What would be more relevant , and what was sometimes commented on , was the need to develop and produce training that would require possibly less money directly spent and/or less time away from service points , so that needs could be met , perhaps more effectively , within existing constraints and resources .
what would be more relevant , and what was sometimes commented on , was the need to develop and produce training that would require possibly less money directly spent and/or less time away from service points , so that needs could be met , perhaps more effectively , within [being] constraints and resources .

In total , in the ‘ no training officer ’ group there was less evidence of team decisions , less evidence of decision-making in the frame-work of existing plans/priorities , more mention of need to have local authority approval , and more mention of relevancy to post as a criterion .
in total , in the ‘ no training officer ’ group there was less evidence of team decisions , less evidence of decision-making in the frame-work of [being] plans/priorities , more mention of need to have local authority approval , and more mention of relevancy to post as a criterion .

Other than in the early stages of a completely new programme it also requires evaluation of existing training , so that evaluation may be as important as identification of needs .
other than in the early stages of a completely new programme it also requires evaluation of [being] training , so that evaluation may be as important as identification of needs .

There appears to be a continuing strong interest in extending or formalizing existing links with other libraries and/or creating new co-operatives , presumably in order to better utilize scarce resources .
there appears to be a continuing strong interest in extending or formalizing [being] links with other libraries and/or creating new co-operatives , presumably in order to better utilize scarce resources .

Where identified needs are not met by existing groups to initiate and organise appropriate training activities .
where identified needs are not met by [being] groups to initiate and organise appropriate training activities .

Training officers who noted that they were able to spend their full time on training were very rare , although it was noted in Chapter 4 that a training officer or more ‘ training officer time ’ was the most commonly wanted further ‘ resource ’ to expand or develop existing training programmes .
training officers who noted that they were able to spend their full time on training were very rare , although it was noted in chapter 4 that a training officer or more ‘ training officer time ’ was the most commonly wanted further ‘ resource ’ to expand or develop [being] training programmes .

To leave the continuing development of training co-operatives to those libraries best able to help themselves would almost certainly only serve to reinforce the existing inequitable situation .
to leave the continuing development of training co-operatives to those libraries best able to help themselves would almost certainly only serve to reinforce the [being] inequitable situation .

With a nice sense of timing the University allocated two extra rooms to the Collection , adjacent to the existing stackroom , one of which was designated the Old Vic Room .
with a nice sense of timing the university allocated two extra rooms to the collection , adjacent to the [being] stackroom , one of which was designated the old vic room .

The aims of the project , which are discussed in more detail in Chapter Two , were to provide flexible ‘ packages ’ of supplementary home support to dementia sufferers , in addition to the statutory health and social services and the non-statutory services normally available , and to test whether , given this service , it is possible cost-effectively to sustain such people at home for longer than is usually possible with support only from existing forms of health and social service ; to explore the circumstances in which the dementia sufferers could cost-effectively be sustained at home , and to examine the circumstances in which it was not possible to sustain them ; that is , to identify the limits to care .
the aims of the project , which are discussed in more detail in chapter two , were to provide flexible ‘ packages ’ of supplementary home support to dementia sufferers , in addition to the statutory health and social services and the non-statutory services normally available , and to test whether , given this service , it is possible cost-effectively to sustain such people at home for longer than is usually possible with support only from [being] forms of health and social service ; to explore the circumstances in which the dementia sufferers could cost-effectively be sustained at home , and to examine the circumstances in which it was not possible to sustain them ; that is , to identify the limits to care .

The sources of these beliefs were various : information gathered about existing services , the findings of previous projects and studies ( see below ) , talks with dementia sufferers and their carers and service-providers .
the sources of these beliefs were various : information gathered about [being] services , the findings of previous projects and studies ( see below ) , talks with dementia sufferers and their carers and service-providers .

Secondly , it was recognised that existing services were often vital but that they were unable to meet all the needs of this special group of elderly people and that different types of service might be required ; it was never intended that the project should deprive people of existing services and substitute others for them , but that it should bridge gaps between those already available , whether statutory , voluntary or private .
secondly , it was recognised that [being] services were often vital but that they were unable to meet all the needs of this special group of elderly people and that different types of service might be required ; it was never intended that the project should deprive people of [being] services and substitute others for them , but that it should bridge gaps between those already available , whether statutory , voluntary or private .

However , in order that the scheme could , if successful , be relatively easily incorporated by local authorities into existing patterns of service provision it was decided not to substitute but to see whether it was possible to work alongside other services .
however , in order that the scheme could , if successful , be relatively easily incorporated by local authorities into [being] patterns of service provision it was decided not to substitute but to see whether it was possible to work alongside other services .

Following from this the aim was that the project should collaborate with existing service-providers in order to ensure that there was no overlap or competition with others but that all were working together for the good of the client ; and that the project would , where necessary , coordinate the services available to each client and thus ensure an appropriate and suitably balanced package of care for that person .
following from this the aim was that the project should collaborate with [being] service-providers in order to ensure that there was no overlap or competition with others but that all were working together for the good of the client ; and that the project would , where necessary , coordinate the services available to each client and thus ensure an appropriate and suitably balanced package of care for that person .

These differences led to differing perceptions of their role by the two development officers — in Ipswich the development officer was a little unsure of how she was going to ‘ work in with the existing multi-disciplinary team ’ , whereas in Newham the development officer said she felt she was probably going to spend a good deal of her time negotiating between the different services and ‘ getting them to talk to each other ’ .
these differences led to differing perceptions of their role by the two development officers — in ipswich the development officer was a little unsure of how she was going to ‘ work in with the [being] multi-disciplinary team ’ , whereas in newham the development officer said she felt she was probably going to spend a good deal of her time negotiating between the different services and ‘ getting them to talk to each other ’ .

It has already been stated that the main aim of the service was to be the construction of flexible packages of care for clients by , firstly , liaising with other services to provide or increase where necessary the client 's receipt of existing services , and , secondly , by ‘ topping up ’ existing services ( where the development officer thought extra care was necessary to maintain someone at home ) through the employment of local support workers .
it has already been stated that the main aim of the service was to be the construction of flexible packages of care for clients by , firstly , liaising with other services to provide or increase where necessary the client 's receipt of [being] services , and , secondly , by ‘ topping up ’ [being] services ( where the development officer thought extra care was necessary to maintain someone at home ) through the employment of local support workers .

The development officer took the decision about whether or not a client needed a support worker by considering whether his or her basic needs ( for food , cleanliness , warmth , sleep , safety ) were being fulfilled , and if not , whether they could be fulfilled by existing informal or formal carers .
the development officer took the decision about whether or not a client needed a support worker by considering whether his or her basic needs ( for food , cleanliness , warmth , sleep , safety ) were being fulfilled , and if not , whether they could be fulfilled by [being] informal or formal carers .

Withdrawing support , or not putting in support , was of course sometimes straightforward ( for example the clients ' residential place came up , he or she became physically ill and was admitted to hospital , existing support at home was adequate ) .
withdrawing support , or not putting in support , was of course sometimes straightforward ( for example the clients ' residential place came up , he or she became physically ill and was admitted to hospital , [being] support at home was adequate ) .

The development officers had been given approximate hourly costs ( or costs per visit ) of other home services and had to calculate , using these figures , the existing expenditure on each client .
the development officers had been given approximate hourly costs ( or costs per visit ) of other home services and had to calculate , using these figures , the [being] expenditure on each client .

In Ipswich the home help service took over the care of these clients ; in Newham the development officer continued to manage the existing support workers until a new development officer took over ( the health authority agreed to fund a continuation of the project for a further three years ) .
in ipswich the home help service took over the care of these clients ; in newham the development officer continued to manage the [being] support workers until a new development officer took over ( the health authority agreed to fund a continuation of the project for a further three years ) .

The development officers clearly fulfilled the objectives established for them : they assessed their clients ’ needs , negotiated with other service-providers to obtain increased support from existing sources , they recruited local support workers for all clients whom they assessed as needing enhanced care ; this enhanced support was obtained quickly and with few difficulties , and clearly several very dependent clients were sustained at home as a result of this care .
the development officers clearly fulfilled the objectives established for them : they assessed their clients ’ needs , negotiated with other service-providers to obtain increased support from [being] sources , they recruited local support workers for all clients whom they assessed as needing enhanced care ; this enhanced support was obtained quickly and with few difficulties , and clearly several very dependent clients were sustained at home as a result of this care .

Although some of the Roman cattle of the time were indeed large , with long lyre-shaped horns , the archaeological evidence does not in fact suggest that larger stock were imported into Roman Britain , but rather that the increase in size was probably the result of improved management and breeding of the existing British cattle .
although some of the roman cattle of the time were indeed large , with long lyre-shaped horns , the archaeological evidence does not in fact suggest that larger stock were imported into roman britain , but rather that the increase in size was probably the result of improved management and breeding of the [being] british cattle .

As the livestock population rapidly decreased , the lack of their manure encouraged the ploughman 's equivalent of slash-and-burn agriculture : more and more pasture was converted into arable land as the existing grain fields became depleted of crop-growing nutrients .
as the livestock population rapidly decreased , the lack of their manure encouraged the ploughman 's equivalent of slash-and-burn agriculture : more and more pasture was converted into arable land as the [being] grain fields became depleted of crop-growing nutrients .

The qualities of beef and dairy types of Shorthorn have been appreciated worldwide and they have been used extensively in creating new breeds or improving existing ones and native types .
the qualities of beef and dairy types of shorthorn have been appreciated worldwide and they have been used extensively in creating new breeds or improving [being] ones and native types .

Known as the White Polled in the late nineteenth century , the breed was then described as quiet and gentle , similar in size and growth rate to the Red Poll at a time when the few existing white herds were found mainly in Norfolk and Suffolk .
known as the white polled in the late nineteenth century , the breed was then described as quiet and gentle , similar in size and growth rate to the red poll at a time when the few [being] white herds were found mainly in norfolk and suffolk .

There are some bream waters which have poor spawning grounds and a lack of natural food to enable the existing stock to put on excess weight .
there are some bream waters which have poor spawning grounds and a lack of natural food to enable the [being] stock to put on excess weight .

The basis of the modern system of local government was created by the Local Government Act 1972 which took effect on 1st April 1974 . All the then existing councils , with the exception of parish councils in England , ceased to exist , and were replaced by the following : —
the basis of the modern system of local government was created by the local government act 1972 which took effect on 1st april 1974 . all the then [being] councils , with the exception of parish councils in england , ceased to exist , and were replaced by the following : —

Although the rural district councils were swept away , the 1972 Act retained all existing parish councils in England .
although the rural district councils were swept away , the 1972 act retained all [being] parish councils in england .

Greater attention must be paid to both alleviating existing chronic conditions among older people , and to preventive strategies throughout the life cycle .
greater attention must be paid to both alleviating [being] chronic conditions among older people , and to preventive strategies throughout the life cycle .

This new hybrid benefit subsumes attendance allowance and mobility allowance and creates a new lower level for each ; this is in addition to the existing levels .
this new hybrid benefit subsumes attendance allowance and mobility allowance and creates a new lower level for each ; this is in addition to the [being] levels .

But , in so far as older age itself is concerned , it is a question of survival , rather than the species existing longer .
but , in so far as older age itself is concerned , it is a question of survival , rather than the species [being] longer .

Feelings are running high about the brick company 's attempts to change their existing tipping permission for inert waste to allow the dumping of domestic and non-hazardous commercial refuse .
feelings are running high about the brick company 's attempts to change their [being] tipping permission for inert waste to allow the dumping of domestic and non-hazardous commercial refuse .

All we ask is the site managed in the spirit of the existing licence and that the pits are backfilled with inert waste and returned to agricultural use as soon as possible , as was originally intended .
all we ask is the site managed in the spirit of the [being] licence and that the pits are backfilled with inert waste and returned to agricultural use as soon as possible , as was originally intended .

The existing Woolmer Road belongs to the military .
the [being] woolmer road belongs to the military .

Existing route
[being] route

The existing route should then be reclassified and traffic management measures considered to reinforce the diversion .
the [being] route should then be reclassified and traffic management measures considered to reinforce the diversion .

Much of the existing equipment no longer meets the new British Standard .
much of the [being] equipment no longer meets the new british standard .

Following a request at the annual parish meeting , councillors have agreed to look into the cost of providing a shelter to be sited on an existing area of hard standing .
following a request at the annual parish meeting , councillors have agreed to look into the cost of providing a shelter to be sited on an [being] area of hard standing .

The aim is to curb rogue salesmen by replacing existing misleading contracts and establishing a code of practice on which Stevens and Bolton are advising .
the aim is to curb rogue salesmen by replacing [being] misleading contracts and establishing a code of practice on which stevens and bolton are advising .

’ He suggested the new prime minister should establish immediately ‘ a Defence , Legislation , Lord President 's and Economic Policy Committee before reviewing existing sub-committees at his leisure ’ .
’ he suggested the new prime minister should establish immediately ‘ a defence , legislation , lord president 's and economic policy committee before reviewing [being] sub-committees at his leisure ’ .

Next , Peter Jenkins , the respected political commentator of The Sunday Times , writing on the possible impact of such men as Kenneth Baker and Kenneth Clarke brought into the Cabinet in the September 1985 reshuffle ( in alliance with existing Cabinet members such as Douglas Hurd and Norman Fowler ) : ‘ It is not easy to reassert Cabinet government in the face of determined prime ministerial power but the new Cabinet contains a group of capable and ambitious men of political middle age who are not eager to sacrifice the best years of their careers for the sake of someone else 's ‘ conviction politics ’ . ’
next , peter jenkins , the respected political commentator of the sunday times , writing on the possible impact of such men as kenneth baker and kenneth clarke brought into the cabinet in the september 1985 reshuffle ( in alliance with [being] cabinet members such as douglas hurd and norman fowler ) : ‘ it is not easy to reassert cabinet government in the face of determined prime ministerial power but the new cabinet contains a group of capable and ambitious men of political middle age who are not eager to sacrifice the best years of their careers for the sake of someone else 's ‘ conviction politics ’ . ’

He circulated clubs with a proposal that would set up , in effect , the system existing today , of four national divisions .
he circulated clubs with a proposal that would set up , in effect , the system [being] today , of four national divisions .

The fee for Blackman was said to be over £1,000 , and only £300 less than the existing Leeds record .
the fee for blackman was said to be over £1,000 , and only £300 less than the [being] leeds record .

The Atkinson definition of ‘ a reasonable size ’ was said to be too vague , and based upon existing levels of practice , rather than any desirable ideal .
the atkinson definition of ‘ a reasonable size ’ was said to be too vague , and based upon [being] levels of practice , rather than any desirable ideal .

the number of new books published per annum , broken down by subjects ; the length of life of stock on the open shelves ( depreciation rate ) ; the risen costs of books and binding on the previous year 's fund ; and the range and condition of the existing stock .
the number of new books published per annum , broken down by subjects ; the length of life of stock on the open shelves ( depreciation rate ) ; the risen costs of books and binding on the previous year 's fund ; and the range and condition of the [being] stock .

‘ Depreciation rate ’ is a term sometimes used to describe the rate of physical decline of existing stock to a point where it is so decrepit as to be no longer usable .
‘ depreciation rate ’ is a term sometimes used to describe the rate of physical decline of [being] stock to a point where it is so decrepit as to be no longer usable .

The range and quality of the existing stock is also an important factor .
the range and quality of the [being] stock is also an important factor .

One of these is the size of existing stocks , considered together with various logistic factors discussed in Chapter 10 .
one of these is the size of [being] stocks , considered together with various logistic factors discussed in chapter 10 .

The dependence here upon existing stock sizes is an obvious disadvantage , and can be counterbalanced to some extent by allocating on the basis of use — though even this will in part at least reflect existing conditions .
the dependence here upon [being] stock sizes is an obvious disadvantage , and can be counterbalanced to some extent by allocating on the basis of use — though even this will in part at least reflect [being] conditions .

Graham also reported that 12 of the 23 librarians had provided some form of budget estimates , though most of these had related largely to maintaining the existing value of materials funds by reporting on risen costs , from inflation such as the twice-yearly Average prices of British academic books and Blackwells 's information on periodical prices , together with other factors discussed in the section on public library budgeting above .
graham also reported that 12 of the 23 librarians had provided some form of budget estimates , though most of these had related largely to maintaining the [being] value of materials funds by reporting on risen costs , from inflation such as the twice-yearly average prices of british academic books and blackwells 's information on periodical prices , together with other factors discussed in the section on public library budgeting above .

An important point is that nearly all the methods which measure use must by definition relate to use of libraries ' existing collections , and thus reflect their existing limitations .
an important point is that nearly all the methods which measure use must by definition relate to use of libraries ' [being] collections , and thus reflect their [being] limitations .

He noted however that few computer-based circulation systems include as standard features the ability to cumulate data over a period of years , or to analyse the data as required , so that much in-house development of existing systems was necessary .
he noted however that few computer-based circulation systems include as standard features the ability to cumulate data over a period of years , or to analyse the data as required , so that much in-house development of [being] systems was necessary .

Weeding , and examination of existing stock
weeding , and examination of [being] stock

Bibliographical survey of the subject ( independent of existing stock )
bibliographical survey of the subject ( independent of [being] stock )

Both of these important factors — the amount of use and the quality of existing stock — can be worked out in a formal way if the McClellan system of stock logistics is adopted ( see Chapter 10 ) .
both of these important factors — the amount of use and the quality of [being] stock — can be worked out in a formal way if the mcclellan system of stock logistics is adopted ( see chapter 10 ) .

Weeding and examination of existing stock
weeding and examination of [being] stock

First , weeding of existing stock .
first , weeding of [being] stock .

After a section has been weeded , those books which are considered worth retaining in their existing form will remain on the shelves — one would hope , a substantial proportion .
after a section has been weeded , those books which are considered worth retaining in their [being] form will remain on the shelves — one would hope , a substantial proportion .

Its purpose is to discover what is both worthwhile in the literature and available ( either in print or obtainable secondhand ) and the exercise is carried out independently of existing library stock .
its purpose is to discover what is both worthwhile in the literature and available ( either in print or obtainable secondhand ) and the exercise is carried out independently of [being] library stock .

Equipped with notes on the use of existing stock , together with a record of the best published works available , the librarian may now decide which titles to add to stock .
equipped with notes on the use of [being] stock , together with a record of the best published works available , the librarian may now decide which titles to add to stock .

It is highly probable that many public library users do not make known unsatisfied demand , and any system which leans heavily on the use of existing stock as a barometer ( as McClellan 's does ) is bound to be sensitive to this criticism .
it is highly probable that many public library users do not make known unsatisfied demand , and any system which leans heavily on the use of [being] stock as a barometer ( as mcclellan 's does ) is bound to be sensitive to this criticism .

One school of thought affirms that use of the existing collection is the best predictor .
one school of thought affirms that use of the [being] collection is the best predictor .

Their work on library weeding begins from the premise that the open access areas of the library should house the core collection — which is defined by Slote as the materials ‘ most likely to be used by the clients ’ , and that the core collection can be predicted accurately from a study of use of the existing collection .
their work on library weeding begins from the premise that the open access areas of the library should house the core collection — which is defined by slote as the materials ‘ most likely to be used by the clients ’ , and that the core collection can be predicted accurately from a study of use of the [being] collection .

The purpose of the present chapter is to note some of the practical difficulties of managing book provision programmes , to try and suggest minimum system requirements for effective management and finally to outline briefly the important features of existing management systems .
the purpose of the present chapter is to note some of the practical difficulties of managing book provision programmes , to try and suggest minimum system requirements for effective management and finally to outline briefly the important features of [being] management systems .

Existing systems
[being] systems

Nevertheless , standards can provide some sort of framework for services , if they are credibly based upon existing practice rather than utopian ideals .
nevertheless , standards can provide some sort of framework for services , if they are credibly based upon [being] practice rather than utopian ideals .

The resulting document , the Bourdillon Report , proved at the time to be one of the most useful that had appeared about the bookstocks of British public libraries , since it contained studies of existing provision and a series of recommendations on acceptable standards for provision in the future .
the resulting document , the bourdillon report , proved at the time to be one of the most useful that had appeared about the bookstocks of british public libraries , since it contained studies of [being] provision and a series of recommendations on acceptable standards for provision in the future .

Meaningful standards for academic libraries are particularly difficult to devise , because of the wide disparity of existing libraries .
meaningful standards for academic libraries are particularly difficult to devise , because of the wide disparity of [being] libraries .

Compensatory payments have without doubt been a major stimulus to increasing stocking levels on existing land ( including woodlands ) and to agriculturally improve land to provide a greater stocking potential .
compensatory payments have without doubt been a major stimulus to increasing stocking levels on [being] land ( including woodlands ) and to agriculturally improve land to provide a greater stocking potential .

Article 20 of the proposed Regulation makes provision for a general , discretionary aid to encourage farm afforestation and the improvement of existing farm woodland .
article 20 of the proposed regulation makes provision for a general , discretionary aid to encourage farm afforestation and the improvement of [being] farm woodland .

Section 42 Moorland Conservation Orders should be granted by Ministers on the areas of moor and heath mapped by NPAs under Section 43 and which are , in their opinion , important to conserve , so that NPAs are informed of all proposals likely to alter their character , including non-grant aidable schemes such as clearances of existing drainage channels , burning and changes in livestock numbers .
section 42 moorland conservation orders should be granted by ministers on the areas of moor and heath mapped by npas under section 43 and which are , in their opinion , important to conserve , so that npas are informed of all proposals likely to alter their character , including non-grant aidable schemes such as clearances of [being] drainage channels , burning and changes in livestock numbers .

Intermediate zone — set at 80% of existing level , i. e. £36 per cow ; £5 per sheep .
intermediate zone — set at 80% of [being] level , i. e. £36 per cow ; £5 per sheep .

Marginal zone — set at 33 % of existing level , i. e. £15 per cow ; £2 per sheep .
marginal zone — set at 33 % of [being] level , i. e. £15 per cow ; £2 per sheep .

The stocking density limit on sheep ( 6 per hectare ) above which no further HLCAs are paid should be retained ; there appears to be no reason to alter the existing lack of any stocking density maximum for cattle .
the stocking density limit on sheep ( 6 per hectare ) above which no further hlcas are paid should be retained ; there appears to be no reason to alter the [being] lack of any stocking density maximum for cattle .

This association calls upon Council to make strong representations , including the use of the normal information retrieval procedures , to both the Advertising Standards Authority and the Office of Fair Trading to control more effectively the current advertising of and the availability of credit and to press for a tightening of existing guidelines and legislation covering advertising loans , credit cards and other financial services , in order to make the full implications clearer to the consumer ( for example , the nature of a secured loan ) .
this association calls upon council to make strong representations , including the use of the normal information retrieval procedures , to both the advertising standards authority and the office of fair trading to control more effectively the current advertising of and the availability of credit and to press for a tightening of [being] guidelines and legislation covering advertising loans , credit cards and other financial services , in order to make the full implications clearer to the consumer ( for example , the nature of a secured loan ) .

Some attempt had to be made to build new links with the existing problem-based material even before the full implications for clients were known .
some attempt had to be made to build new links with the [being] problem-based material even before the full implications for clients were known .

One was to add a new social fund sequence at the end of the existing structure and to slot housing benefit , income support , supplementary benefit and family credit into the positions of the existing housing benefit , supplementary benefit and family income supplement respectively .
one was to add a new social fund sequence at the end of the [being] structure and to slot housing benefit , income support , supplementary benefit and family credit into the positions of the [being] housing benefit , supplementary benefit and family income supplement respectively .

It was decided therefore , to make a start upon upgrading the existing fleet by adopting improved technology wherever possible .
it was decided therefore , to make a start upon upgrading the [being] fleet by adopting improved technology wherever possible .

The canal took 18 years to complete , twice as long as Telford had forecast , and cost more than double what he had estimated , but it was an outstanding engineering achievement for the time , even though the actual length of genuine canal that had to be dug was only 21 miles , since the navigable channel took advantage of existing lochs along the glen .
the canal took 18 years to complete , twice as long as telford had forecast , and cost more than double what he had estimated , but it was an outstanding engineering achievement for the time , even though the actual length of genuine canal that had to be dug was only 21 miles , since the navigable channel took advantage of [being] lochs along the glen .

Terraced housing was built for the imported workers , as there was no existing settlement here when the railway came — only farmland .
terraced housing was built for the imported workers , as there was no [being] settlement here when the railway came — only farmland .

tributary , no longer existing , of the Fleet River in London , from which Holborn takes its name .
tributary , no longer [being] , of the fleet river in london , from which holborn takes its name .

As a general rule , whatever we may like to think , the less wealth generated by an animal as an individual the less attention is paid to its welfare , such as Merino sheep in Australia and Angora goats in South Africa existing only to produce wool ; the individual battery hen in Britain , too , has very little cash value , and therefore very little attention is paid to her welfare .
as a general rule , whatever we may like to think , the less wealth generated by an animal as an individual the less attention is paid to its welfare , such as merino sheep in australia and angora goats in south africa [being] only to produce wool ; the individual battery hen in britain , too , has very little cash value , and therefore very little attention is paid to her welfare .

… it is not difficult to imagine a case where it would be essential for employers embarking for example on a new technical process to invite existing employees to agree to some reasonable restriction on their use of the knowledge they acquire of the new technique ; and where it would be essential for the employer to terminate , by due notice , the services of an employee who was unwilling to accept such a restriction .
… it is not difficult to imagine a case where it would be essential for employers embarking for example on a new technical process to invite [being] employees to agree to some reasonable restriction on their use of the knowledge they acquire of the new technique ; and where it would be essential for the employer to terminate , by due notice , the services of an employee who was unwilling to accept such a restriction .

Tribunals accept that an employee can sometimes be fairly dismissed for declining to do something which falls outside the scope of his existing contract , for example if , without good cause , he refuses during a business emergency to help out when it was realistic to ask him to do so .
tribunals accept that an employee can sometimes be fairly dismissed for declining to do something which falls outside the scope of his [being] contract , for example if , without good cause , he refuses during a business emergency to help out when it was realistic to ask him to do so .

His job might necessarily include some or all of the functions formerly performed by existing employees , such as yourself .
his job might necessarily include some or all of the functions formerly performed by [being] employees , such as yourself .

Thus , as part of a cost-cutting exercise , an employer may simply ask some of the existing employees doing a job to absorb the work of colleagues who are then no longer required and are consequently made redundant .
thus , as part of a cost-cutting exercise , an employer may simply ask some of the [being] employees doing a job to absorb the work of colleagues who are then no longer required and are consequently made redundant .

If he does … choose to leave his existing employment before the last minute in order to look for a new job before the rush of others competing with him comes , then that is up to him .
if he does … choose to leave his [being] employment before the last minute in order to look for a new job before the rush of others competing with him comes , then that is up to him .

If your employer tells you that you can be relocated elsewhere within the business , there should be no question of dismissal if the change falls within the existing terms of your employment .
if your employer tells you that you can be relocated elsewhere within the business , there should be no question of dismissal if the change falls within the [being] terms of your employment .

This addition complements Labspace 's existing business in the manufacture of lab furniture , fume cupboards and associated equipment .
this addition complements labspace 's [being] business in the manufacture of lab furniture , fume cupboards and associated equipment .

Currently , 350 experts working in specialist groups are preparing 300 new monographs , while continuing updating existing texts .
currently , 350 experts working in specialist groups are preparing 300 new monographs , while continuing updating [being] texts .

The Pharmacopoeia is now aiming , quite literally , to redouble its efforts by setting itself a target of 1500 monographs , covering the main existing pharmaceutical substances .
the pharmacopoeia is now aiming , quite literally , to redouble its efforts by setting itself a target of 1500 monographs , covering the main [being] pharmaceutical substances .

Many of the applications of FELs are logical extrapolations from existing lower power sources , but some of the most exciting future developments can not yet be predicted .
many of the applications of fels are logical extrapolations from [being] lower power sources , but some of the most exciting future developments can not yet be predicted .

In recent years people have been asking : does the post need to be filled or can reorganisation be used to distribute the work among existing staff ?
in recent years people have been asking : does the post need to be filled or can reorganisation be used to distribute the work among [being] staff ?

Internally , further costs will be incurred in relation to wage bills of existing staff involved in recruitment .
internally , further costs will be incurred in relation to wage bills of [being] staff involved in recruitment .

With recruitment , too , comes the opportunity for redeploying existing staff so as to widen experience .
with recruitment , too , comes the opportunity for redeploying [being] staff so as to widen experience .

Reversal of the stress field at the end of the Cretaceous and culminating in the Miocene led to crustal shortening accommodated on the same listric faults , accentuating existing rollover anticlines and causing inversion .
reversal of the stress field at the end of the cretaceous and culminating in the miocene led to crustal shortening accommodated on the same listric faults , accentuating [being] rollover anticlines and causing inversion .

These processes were controlled by the conditions existing in the environments where the sediments were deposited .
these processes were controlled by the conditions [being] in the environments where the sediments were deposited .

The composition of these pore waters was controlled by the conditions existing at the surface , and these in turn were dependent on the stage reached in the ‘ evaporation cycle ’ ( Clark 1980a ; Clark and Tallbacka 1980 ) .
the composition of these pore waters was controlled by the conditions [being] at the surface , and these in turn were dependent on the stage reached in the ‘ evaporation cycle ’ ( clark 1980a ; clark and tallbacka 1980 ) .

In a similar manner , it can often help to provide an overview of situations that are being affected by changes , particularly where these changes will cause a significant disturbance to the stability of the existing system .
in a similar manner , it can often help to provide an overview of situations that are being affected by changes , particularly where these changes will cause a significant disturbance to the stability of the [being] system .

Systems thinking can help to put all new and existing factors into context , clarifying relationships and providing a baseline for deciding what action is needed to absorb the new requirements .
systems thinking can help to put all new and [being] factors into context , clarifying relationships and providing a baseline for deciding what action is needed to absorb the new requirements .

In broad terms , resource levels would continue to be based on the existing weighted factors .
in broad terms , resource levels would continue to be based on the [being] weighted factors .

The main environmental factors were taken to be the effect of market forces on such things as staff recruitment , purchase of materials , and course demand , etc , constrained by the long-term contractual obligations to existing teaching and non-teaching staff .
the main environmental factors were taken to be the effect of market forces on such things as staff recruitment , purchase of materials , and course demand , etc , constrained by the long-term contractual obligations to [being] teaching and non-teaching staff .

Although the analysis was of necessity extensive , it was not the intention of the study to explore each activity in detail to determine where procedural or other changes were required , but to provide the basis for reviewing existing structures , particularly those related to non-teaching staff .
although the analysis was of necessity extensive , it was not the intention of the study to explore each activity in detail to determine where procedural or other changes were required , but to provide the basis for reviewing [being] structures , particularly those related to non-teaching staff .

In the case of the Colleges , the increased delegation of responsibilities bought about by new legislation warranted the introduction of new endeavours , or changes to existing ones , and the analysis helped to identify where these were required at all levels .
in the case of the colleges , the increased delegation of responsibilities bought about by new legislation warranted the introduction of new endeavours , or changes to [being] ones , and the analysis helped to identify where these were required at all levels .

Where no such group existed , it implied that some addition to the organisation was needed ; in other cases , the new requirements indicated a change in the responsibilities of existing functional groups .
where no such group existed , it implied that some addition to the organisation was needed ; in other cases , the new requirements indicated a change in the responsibilities of [being] functional groups .

Cross-relating each activity from the model to the existing functions indicated that a number of these could remain virtually unchanged , in particular those concerned with organising academic resources and delivering courses .
cross-relating each activity from the model to the [being] functions indicated that a number of these could remain virtually unchanged , in particular those concerned with organising academic resources and delivering courses .

The analysis findings are summarised in Fig 12.9 , showing new functions that could be needed in the changed circumstances , but were n't formally included in existing structures , eg :
the analysis findings are summarised in fig 12.9 , showing new functions that could be needed in the changed circumstances , but were n't formally included in [being] structures , eg :

Examine the existing administrative and clerical responsibilities to determine how the new functional groupings of finance , personnel , and administration could be achieved , together with support service representation at executive level .
examine the [being] administrative and clerical responsibilities to determine how the new functional groupings of finance , personnel , and administration could be achieved , together with support service representation at executive level .

Determine the local strategy tor filling these posts , taking account or the existing expertise within the College .
determine the local strategy tor filling these posts , taking account or the [being] expertise within the college .

maintenance of existing roads
maintenance of [being] roads

Addressing and answering these questions was essentially a process of considering how existing work practices would be affected by each of the technical solutions , aided by a device known as a measurement unit , developed from the knowledge gained during the analysis activity .
addressing and answering these questions was essentially a process of considering how [being] work practices would be affected by each of the technical solutions , aided by a device known as a measurement unit , developed from the knowledge gained during the analysis activity .

Bearing in mind that the departments comprised a multitude of functions , and , at this point in the study , no detailed breakdown of these functions was available , two parallel exercises were considered necessary to progress the study , ie one concerned with clarifying roles and information needs , and the second exploring and quantifying the existing information base , as represented by the central and outposted filing systems .
bearing in mind that the departments comprised a multitude of functions , and , at this point in the study , no detailed breakdown of these functions was available , two parallel exercises were considered necessary to progress the study , ie one concerned with clarifying roles and information needs , and the second exploring and quantifying the [being] information base , as represented by the central and outposted filing systems .

These interviews followed a semi-structured format , each person being given a set of preinterview notes posing questions about roles , responsibilities , information needs , and their usage of the existing filing systems .
these interviews followed a semi-structured format , each person being given a set of preinterview notes posing questions about roles , responsibilities , information needs , and their usage of the [being] filing systems .

Eventually a full picture emerged of the roles of the functional groups , their information needs , and the structure and use of the existing filing systems .
eventually a full picture emerged of the roles of the functional groups , their information needs , and the structure and use of the [being] filing systems .

Clearly , as with the existing ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ departmental ’ analyses so the clinical analysis of expenditure may be provided in greater or lesser degrees of details . Conventional wisdom — as illustrated for example in the Korner 6th Report — has come to identify five possible levels of analysis for the clinical axis :
clearly , as with the [being] ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ departmental ’ analyses so the clinical analysis of expenditure may be provided in greater or lesser degrees of details . conventional wisdom — as illustrated for example in the korner 6th report — has come to identify five possible levels of analysis for the clinical axis :

This information can now readily be produced within existing clinical budgeting systems .
this information can now readily be produced within [being] clinical budgeting systems .

This is a formidable new agenda to be imposed — and implemented within a very short time-scale — on top of the existing programme .
this is a formidable new agenda to be imposed — and implemented within a very short time-scale — on top of the [being] programme .

Neither existing or potential finance departments ( Fig .
neither [being] or potential finance departments ( fig .

It remains to be seen whether Health Authorities will take tough decisions and then seek to justify them , or whether they will seek ways to preserve the existing system , where rationing decisions are not made explicit .
it remains to be seen whether health authorities will take tough decisions and then seek to justify them , or whether they will seek ways to preserve the [being] system , where rationing decisions are not made explicit .

Most of the existing pilot sites have opted for a fairly large-scale computer-based system with a central system that stores for case-mix purposes , the data from a number of locally based feeder units .
most of the [being] pilot sites have opted for a fairly large-scale computer-based system with a central system that stores for case-mix purposes , the data from a number of locally based feeder units .

It is interpretation carried out within an existing legal framework : where a trust has actually been set up by a settlor , and it is a matter for the jurist to interpret or elucidate details .
it is interpretation carried out within an [being] legal framework : where a trust has actually been set up by a settlor , and it is a matter for the jurist to interpret or elucidate details .

With Augustus a jurisdiction was established , but this was not done within the formulary system or the existing structure of the civil courts .
with augustus a jurisdiction was established , but this was not done within the formulary system or the [being] structure of the civil courts .

It had not been easy without existing contacts in the region , and their reports would have to be treated with caution for a while , but on the whole he felt he had achieved as much as could have been expected .
it had not been easy without [being] contacts in the region , and their reports would have to be treated with caution for a while , but on the whole he felt he had achieved as much as could have been expected .

The other principle , bigger cylinders , was less successful , mainly because existing phonographs could not cope with it .
the other principle , bigger cylinders , was less successful , mainly because [being] phonographs could not cope with it .

compatibility with existing phonographs did not matter , because dictation cylinders rotated at a different speed anyway .
compatibility with [being] phonographs did not matter , because dictation cylinders rotated at a different speed anyway .

Many inventors attempted to buck the system by making alterations to existing machinery .
many inventors attempted to buck the system by making alterations to [being] machinery .

Fear of being unable to cope with existing problems .
fear of being unable to cope with [being] problems .

The use of images that are subtly out of tune with our inner world can be extremely damaging and many of the images and practices applied by practitioners can cause new problems while attempting to solve existing ones .
the use of images that are subtly out of tune with our inner world can be extremely damaging and many of the images and practices applied by practitioners can cause new problems while attempting to solve [being] ones .

The home itself was pillaged often , and by 1957 both Mary and Terry were on the point of collapse after months existing on half-nights of sleep .
the home itself was pillaged often , and by 1957 both mary and terry were on the point of collapse after months [being] on half-nights of sleep .

Small mammal faunas in the fossil record provide one of the principal methods of interpreting the ecology or habitat existing at the time the fossils were preserved .
small mammal faunas in the fossil record provide one of the principal methods of interpreting the ecology or habitat [being] at the time the fossils were preserved .

In September 1942 , and at the end of 1943 , the War Office wanted additional trains and it was agreed that several of the then existing casualty evacuation trains should be disbanded , to provide more ambulance trains .
in september 1942 , and at the end of 1943 , the war office wanted additional trains and it was agreed that several of the then [being] casualty evacuation trains should be disbanded , to provide more ambulance trains .

In March 1943 , Wolverton was given a free hand to co-operate with the designer of an instructional instrument , for the teaching of fuse prediction to naval personnel , in producing a prototype , utilizing wherever possible existing railway stocks of raw material .
in march 1943 , wolverton was given a free hand to co-operate with the designer of an instructional instrument , for the teaching of fuse prediction to naval personnel , in producing a prototype , utilizing wherever possible [being] railway stocks of raw material .

These now form part of the existing Royal Train , together with two other converted vehicles used in a supporting role .
these now form part of the [being] royal train , together with two other converted vehicles used in a supporting role .

There needs to be continuity not only internally in the relationship between the elements of the curriculum , but between existing and new practices .
there needs to be continuity not only internally in the relationship between the elements of the curriculum , but between [being] and new practices .

The school may find components of science in existing health ( say ) or English or music programmes .
the school may find components of science in [being] health ( say ) or english or music programmes .

If the amount outstanding on your credit or store cards seem always to creep up rather than down ; if you put off paying the electricity bills because you have other commitments to meet ; if you are seriously thinking of accepting the offer of a ‘ consolidation ’ loan which is secured on your house to mop up all your existing credit agreements and transform them into a once a month payment , then you could be on or near the danger line .
if the amount outstanding on your credit or store cards seem always to creep up rather than down ; if you put off paying the electricity bills because you have other commitments to meet ; if you are seriously thinking of accepting the offer of a ‘ consolidation ’ loan which is secured on your house to mop up all your [being] credit agreements and transform them into a once a month payment , then you could be on or near the danger line .

Not as rosy as you might think if you have to rely on just the state pension , or fail to review existing pension arrangements .
not as rosy as you might think if you have to rely on just the state pension , or fail to review [being] pension arrangements .

‘ … for many years after the time named in this Ramble , Great College Street — beyond the terrace of houses extending to the entrance of Messrs. Goodall 's existing premises — was totally impassable even as a footpath in the winter .
‘ … for many years after the time named in this ramble , great college street — beyond the terrace of houses extending to the entrance of messrs. goodall 's [being] premises — was totally impassable even as a footpath in the winter .

This is an opportunity to strengthen existing partnerships by securing board membership from a linked company , or to begin the process of negotiation which might lead to a productive partnership where none exists thus far .
this is an opportunity to strengthen [being] partnerships by securing board membership from a linked company , or to begin the process of negotiation which might lead to a productive partnership where none exists thus far .

The use of effective co-operation between industry and education is not limited to the secondary sector , and many primary schools are introducing existing curriculum activity for their pupils by working closely with industry .
the use of effective co-operation between industry and education is not limited to the secondary sector , and many primary schools are introducing [being] curriculum activity for their pupils by working closely with industry .

In Mid Glamorgan the teacher placement organiser is able to use the existing communication network to schools and business .
in mid glamorgan the teacher placement organiser is able to use the [being] communication network to schools and business .

It will achieve this not through seeing itself as a piece of concrete , proprietary estate , as an end in itself ; rather it is a moving organisation for progress , existing for its future not its present , and achieving its future , and so fulfilling its raison d'etre , in aspiration for , and achievement of , improvement .
it will achieve this not through seeing itself as a piece of concrete , proprietary estate , as an end in itself ; rather it is a moving organisation for progress , [being] for its future not its present , and achieving its future , and so fulfilling its raison d'etre , in aspiration for , and achievement of , improvement .

In its future strategy St William 's has to liaise with many existing institutions and agencies , at higher or lower levels .
in its future strategy st william 's has to liaise with many [being] institutions and agencies , at higher or lower levels .

Developers frequently obtain planning permission to build residential property near to existing factories , sewage disposal works , waste tips and other potential odour emitters , yet it is no defence to prove that the plaintiff came to an existing nuisance .
developers frequently obtain planning permission to build residential property near to [being] factories , sewage disposal works , waste tips and other potential odour emitters , yet it is no defence to prove that the plaintiff came to an [being] nuisance .

Odours which cause an existing condition to worsen , however , will be regarded as prejudicial to health .
odours which cause an [being] condition to worsen , however , will be regarded as prejudicial to health .

Therefore , adherence or otherwise to an existing code of practice would be relevant in establishing whether or not the defence of best practicable means can be established .
therefore , adherence or otherwise to an [being] code of practice would be relevant in establishing whether or not the defence of best practicable means can be established .

‘ Looking back now to the time when the site for these premises was chosen , and realising the state of affairs existing in this type of works , it is surprising to me that this process was ever permitted on this site at all ( being figuratively speaking within arms length of the dwellings ) .
‘ looking back now to the time when the site for these premises was chosen , and realising the state of affairs [being] in this type of works , it is surprising to me that this process was ever permitted on this site at all ( being figuratively speaking within arms length of the dwellings ) .

The disposal authority , which is the county council for this purpose , may not reject an application for a disposal licence on the grounds of possible or existing odour pollution which is not prejudicial to health but is merely detrimental to the amenity of the area .
the disposal authority , which is the county council for this purpose , may not reject an application for a disposal licence on the grounds of possible or [being] odour pollution which is not prejudicial to health but is merely detrimental to the amenity of the area .

Often this can not be avoided where odours emanate from existing premises and uses , but where new development is concerned planning authorities are in the unique position of being able to prevent odour pollution .
often this can not be avoided where odours emanate from [being] premises and uses , but where new development is concerned planning authorities are in the unique position of being able to prevent odour pollution .

Certainly general policies , such as those reproduced in part below , could have the effect not only of preventing but abating existing odour nuisance , the county council having recognised that in most cases where odour pollution causes problems , the source of the odour is either close to residential property or industry is so densely concentrated that the total odour emission is unacceptable .
certainly general policies , such as those reproduced in part below , could have the effect not only of preventing but abating [being] odour nuisance , the county council having recognised that in most cases where odour pollution causes problems , the source of the odour is either close to residential property or industry is so densely concentrated that the total odour emission is unacceptable .

Perhaps this latter attitude is the reason why new housing has been permitted near to existing odour emitters , in particular sewage disposal works , intensive pig poultry or other farms , and , conversely , why potential odour emitting uses have been permitted near to existing residential developments .
perhaps this latter attitude is the reason why new housing has been permitted near to [being] odour emitters , in particular sewage disposal works , intensive pig poultry or other farms , and , conversely , why potential odour emitting uses have been permitted near to [being] residential developments .

to refuse planning permission for development which would be affected by and sensitive to existing odour emitting uses .
to refuse planning permission for development which would be affected by and sensitive to [being] odour emitting uses .

Regarding the type of development mentioned in ( b ) above , only a few planning authorities seem to consider odour emission to be a major factor when deciding whether or not to grant planning permission for development which would be sensitive to any existing odour emitting use . In fact of the 76 district planning authorities responding to the survey referred to earlier only 10 did so , the following being examples of where odour emission was so regarded , i.e. where a proposed residential development would have :
regarding the type of development mentioned in ( b ) above , only a few planning authorities seem to consider odour emission to be a major factor when deciding whether or not to grant planning permission for development which would be sensitive to any [being] odour emitting use . in fact of the 76 district planning authorities responding to the survey referred to earlier only 10 did so , the following being examples of where odour emission was so regarded , i.e. where a proposed residential development would have :

Alternatively , where an existing use gives rise to a serious odour problem a local authority may wish to issue a Discontinuance Order under s.51 of the 1971 Act .
alternatively , where an [being] use gives rise to a serious odour problem a local authority may wish to issue a discontinuance order under s.51 of the 1971 act .

Such agreements would be particularly useful in ensuring a ‘ Cordon Sanitaire ’ or ‘ Buffer Zone ’ in which no residential development or odour sensitive uses will be permitted , around existing sewage disposal works for example , or other odour emitters .
such agreements would be particularly useful in ensuring a ‘ cordon sanitaire ’ or ‘ buffer zone ’ in which no residential development or odour sensitive uses will be permitted , around [being] sewage disposal works for example , or other odour emitters .

The council and others had objected to the proposed development and the council had refused planning permission on the ground that the proposals would result in an intensification of air pollution in an area where the level of existing pollution was high and would create additional health hazards to residents of the area .
the council and others had objected to the proposed development and the council had refused planning permission on the ground that the proposals would result in an intensification of air pollution in an area where the level of [being] pollution was high and would create additional health hazards to residents of the area .

Whilst s.4 is concerned with dilution of existing contaminants , s.63(1) ( reproduced below ) is concerned with preventing contaminants from getting into circulation at all .
whilst s.4 is concerned with dilution of [being] contaminants , s.63(1) ( reproduced below ) is concerned with preventing contaminants from getting into circulation at all .

The requirement to take ‘ all practicable measures ’ involves more than taking reasonable care : it means doing what is feasible in the light of the state of knowledge existing at the time of the alleged breach of duty , thus knowledge as to the availability of abatement methods and the likelihood of the dust or fumes to cause injury or offence is relevant.l
the requirement to take ‘ all practicable measures ’ involves more than taking reasonable care : it means doing what is feasible in the light of the state of knowledge [being] at the time of the alleged breach of duty , thus knowledge as to the availability of abatement methods and the likelihood of the dust or fumes to cause injury or offence is relevant.l

It is envisaged that the existing health and safety regulations , the Factories Act 1961 , the Offices , Shops and Railway Premises Act 1963 and the Agriculture ( Safety Health and Welfare Provisions ) Act 1956 will all be gradually replaced by revised and updated legislation in the form of regulations and codes of practice .
it is envisaged that the [being] health and safety regulations , the factories act 1961 , the offices , shops and railway premises act 1963 and the agriculture ( safety health and welfare provisions ) act 1956 will all be gradually replaced by revised and updated legislation in the form of regulations and codes of practice .

The common law and legislation further require that best practicable means be taken to abate any existing odour nuisance , the ultimate sanction being closure of the premises , imposed only where all other methods of abatement have failed .
the common law and legislation further require that best practicable means be taken to abate any [being] odour nuisance , the ultimate sanction being closure of the premises , imposed only where all other methods of abatement have failed .

The second set of findings suggests that , when the information in a clause containing an anaphoric expression is integrated into the existing mental model , the interpretation of that clause is often incomplete , in a sense that we will define below .
the second set of findings suggests that , when the information in a clause containing an anaphoric expression is integrated into the [being] mental model , the interpretation of that clause is often incomplete , in a sense that we will define below .

Some existing treatments of anaphor resolution ignore this problem by only considering one of the sources of candidates ; for example , the algorithms of Sidner ( 1979a ) and the work of Grosz , Joshi & Weinstein ( 1983 ) seem to treat only intersentential anaphora , while much work in theoretical linguistics does not venture beyond sentence boundaries .
some [being] treatments of anaphor resolution ignore this problem by only considering one of the sources of candidates ; for example , the algorithms of sidner ( 1979a ) and the work of grosz , joshi & weinstein ( 1983 ) seem to treat only intersentential anaphora , while much work in theoretical linguistics does not venture beyond sentence boundaries .

take risks and make ‘ exposed ’ decisions which go outside existing or accepted constraints
take risks and make ‘ exposed ’ decisions which go outside [being] or accepted constraints

The assumption was that the creation of larger authorities ( with larger budgets ) would attract less parochial ( more managerial ) councillors and also make it possible to attract a different sort of officer , less tied to the narrowness of existing departmental boundaries with a management style closer to that of the major corporations in the private sector .
the assumption was that the creation of larger authorities ( with larger budgets ) would attract less parochial ( more managerial ) councillors and also make it possible to attract a different sort of officer , less tied to the narrowness of [being] departmental boundaries with a management style closer to that of the major corporations in the private sector .

He charts an unfolding if uncertain logic which goes back to the way in which the welfare state was put together after the war , as pieces were tacked on in a rather haphazard way to existing state institutions .
he charts an unfolding if uncertain logic which goes back to the way in which the welfare state was put together after the war , as pieces were tacked on in a rather haphazard way to [being] state institutions .

The conclusions drawn from the arguments of Duncan and Goodwin would point to an increased process of centralization and the erosion of an existing local autonomy .
the conclusions drawn from the arguments of duncan and goodwin would point to an increased process of centralization and the erosion of an [being] local autonomy .

As the previous point suggests , the 1980s saw a decline in the direct proportion of services directly provided , whether by the extension of activity into new areas ( such as economic development ) or by the privatization of existing services .
as the previous point suggests , the 1980s saw a decline in the direct proportion of services directly provided , whether by the extension of activity into new areas ( such as economic development ) or by the privatization of [being] services .

According to this analysis the existing municipal culture is one which stresses uniform provision , with little choice for the consumer and which has been driven largely by the demands of the producers .
according to this analysis the [being] municipal culture is one which stresses uniform provision , with little choice for the consumer and which has been driven largely by the demands of the producers .

Two main forms of privatization can be identified at local level : first , the issuing of contracts to private agencies to undertake work for councils and , secondly , a redefinition of certain existing public services as services which should be supplied by the market .
two main forms of privatization can be identified at local level : first , the issuing of contracts to private agencies to undertake work for councils and , secondly , a redefinition of certain [being] public services as services which should be supplied by the market .

Council houses were sold and buses ‘ deregulated ’ ( although the housing association sector seems set to expand dramatically in the 1990s ) , but the bulk of existing public housing remained in council hands , and public transport has always been run on a semi-market basis , with the charging of fares coupled with separately identified public subsidy .
council houses were sold and buses ‘ deregulated ’ ( although the housing association sector seems set to expand dramatically in the 1990s ) , but the bulk of [being] public housing remained in council hands , and public transport has always been run on a semi-market basis , with the charging of fares coupled with separately identified public subsidy .

The argument was that the existing rating system made rational voting difficult .
the argument was that the [being] rating system made rational voting difficult .

But the process has also been a more subtle one , as new initiatives have apparently been tacked on to existing local government .
but the process has also been a more subtle one , as new initiatives have apparently been tacked on to [being] local government .

The search for appropriate bodies through which business interests could be represented was not an easy one and has only been achieved either by completely bypassing existing councils or by involving councillors as well as officers in developing new arrangements in a context of financial pressure and legal constraints .
the search for appropriate bodies through which business interests could be represented was not an easy one and has only been achieved either by completely bypassing [being] councils or by involving councillors as well as officers in developing new arrangements in a context of financial pressure and legal constraints .

Also important in both Glasgow and Lancaster is the existing level and type of service provision : in both cases local politics were especially affected by the nature of local housing provision .
also important in both glasgow and lancaster is the [being] level and type of service provision : in both cases local politics were especially affected by the nature of local housing provision .

Again material changes stimulated the new thinking just as much as the perceived inadequacies of existing theory .
again material changes stimulated the new thinking just as much as the perceived inadequacies of [being] theory .

It seems that existing residents have hardly benefited at all , as most jobs created have gone to those living outside the area , and most economic gains to international finance companies , property developers and construction companies ( see Goodwin , 1989 , for details ) .
it seems that [being] residents have hardly benefited at all , as most jobs created have gone to those living outside the area , and most economic gains to international finance companies , property developers and construction companies ( see goodwin , 1989 , for details ) .

transitional arrangements involving existing contracts ( eg grounds maintenance ) ;
transitional arrangements involving [being] contracts ( eg grounds maintenance ) ;

It is easy to operate as it fits in with existing school organisation .
it is easy to operate as it fits in with [being] school organisation .

Governing bodies will still be subject to the local and national agreements enshrined in existing staff contracts .
governing bodies will still be subject to the local and national agreements enshrined in [being] staff contracts .

Planning would be likely to highlight the need for an effective staff-development policy so that existing staff were able to contribute more actively to the implementation of the School Development Plan and thus to the changing needs of the school .
planning would be likely to highlight the need for an effective staff-development policy so that [being] staff were able to contribute more actively to the implementation of the school development plan and thus to the changing needs of the school .

Governors might find it useful to receive a regular report from the headteacher outlining the current staffing situation and its match with existing needs .
governors might find it useful to receive a regular report from the headteacher outlining the current staffing situation and its match with [being] needs .

Ways may also be found of building on existing models of effective policy-making in school .
ways may also be found of building on [being] models of effective policy-making in school .

Computers and information technology will cope with much of the drudgery , but schools will need a finance officer ( who may be one of the existing administrative staff with extra training ) .
computers and information technology will cope with much of the drudgery , but schools will need a finance officer ( who may be one of the [being] administrative staff with extra training ) .

If the ‘ closed ’ style of management described above is already a problem in many schools , then there are a great many more where such a style might permeate the existing decision-making process once delegated budgets are in place .
if the ‘ closed ’ style of management described above is already a problem in many schools , then there are a great many more where such a style might permeate the [being] decision-making process once delegated budgets are in place .

However , one must not forget that there is already an existing decision-making process in every school .
however , one must not forget that there is already an [being] decision-making process in every school .

The governing body decided to accept the recommendation of the working party to build upon the strengths of the existing system .
the governing body decided to accept the recommendation of the working party to build upon the strengths of the [being] system .

Negotiations on such draft directives as those covering working time and part-time workers will continue under the existing Treaty and existing voting arrangements until the Treaty on European Union comes into force .
negotiations on such draft directives as those covering working time and part-time workers will continue under the [being] treaty and [being] voting arrangements until the treaty on european union comes into force .

It provides that existing holdings of 10 per cent or more must be notified to the EC-listed company at the first annual general meeting which takes place more than three months after the Directive has been implemented ; they must be notified to the competent authority at the same time and must be made public within one month after the meeting .
it provides that [being] holdings of 10 per cent or more must be notified to the ec-listed company at the first annual general meeting which takes place more than three months after the directive has been implemented ; they must be notified to the competent authority at the same time and must be made public within one month after the meeting .

In order to secure compliance with the Treaty of Rome , the national authorities in the member states ( including regional and local authorities ) are bound to inform the Commission in advance of any plans to grant subsidies or to alter the terms of existing subsidies .
in order to secure compliance with the treaty of rome , the national authorities in the member states ( including regional and local authorities ) are bound to inform the commission in advance of any plans to grant subsidies or to alter the terms of [being] subsidies .

There are few publicly quoted companies where the majority of voting shares are not held by families or institutions closely linked with existing management .
there are few publicly quoted companies where the majority of voting shares are not held by families or institutions closely linked with [being] management .

The Commission was able to resolve the case by persuading Fiat to reduce its existing shareholding in a competing French battery manufacturer , thus lowering Fiat 's market share .
the commission was able to resolve the case by persuading fiat to reduce its [being] shareholding in a competing french battery manufacturer , thus lowering fiat 's market share .

Therefore , one expert is hardly able to possess all the existing knowledge .
therefore , one expert is hardly able to possess all the [being] knowledge .

Hence , there is a need to use some automated technique for rigorously incorporating new knowledge into the existing knowledge base .
hence , there is a need to use some automated technique for rigorously incorporating new knowledge into the [being] knowledge base .

The first stage of this initiative is to computerise the existing procedures using conventional techniques and this has been set in motion .
the first stage of this initiative is to computerise the [being] procedures using conventional techniques and this has been set in motion .

Changes to expert systems would have to be done centrally and issued as amendments in a similar way to existing software or technical manual amendments .
changes to expert systems would have to be done centrally and issued as amendments in a similar way to [being] software or technical manual amendments .

Therefore , with demand outstripping supply for new aircraft production , existing in-service aircraft are replaced more slowly .
therefore , with demand outstripping supply for new aircraft production , [being] in-service aircraft are replaced more slowly .

However , efficiency can be further improved by integrating expert systems with existing data processing orientated , computer systems , ie databases , critical path planning , hypermedia , condition monitoring etc .
however , efficiency can be further improved by integrating expert systems with [being] data processing orientated , computer systems , ie databases , critical path planning , hypermedia , condition monitoring etc .

The integration of expert systems technology with existing real-world applications boosts the efficiency and productivity of those applications and the quality of their solutions .
the integration of expert systems technology with [being] real-world applications boosts the efficiency and productivity of those applications and the quality of their solutions .

Also , conservatories need not necessarily be built to accommodate an existing door of the house .
also , conservatories need not necessarily be built to accommodate an [being] door of the house .

The checks that we make are quick but thorough as we take our responsibilities seriously-no one wants to add to an existing debt problem .
the checks that we make are quick but thorough as we take our responsibilities seriously-no one wants to add to an [being] debt problem .

The Money Advice Funding Working Party under the chairmanship of Lord Ezra agreed that existing services were not capable of coping with the demand for advice .
the money advice funding working party under the chairmanship of lord ezra agreed that [being] services were not capable of coping with the demand for advice .

That on Personal Budgeting advised , ‘ Never borrow more money to pay off existing debts ; there is always a better solution .
that on personal budgeting advised , ‘ never borrow more money to pay off [being] debts ; there is always a better solution .

The council has it marked down for demolition , part of their plan for new accommodation for existing council tenants on either side .
the council has it marked down for demolition , part of their plan for new accommodation for [being] council tenants on either side .

We should develop or modify existing structures as well as work out new ones .
we should develop or modify [being] structures as well as work out new ones .

Turning now to benefit payments , marriage can , in some cases , affect existing arrangements .
turning now to benefit payments , marriage can , in some cases , affect [being] arrangements .

If you have an existing bedframe , always ask for advice , as the wrong combination may cause damage to the mattress .
if you have an [being] bedframe , always ask for advice , as the wrong combination may cause damage to the mattress .

This can not be achieved by existing military contractors moving into civilian markets for which they have few skills , but by giving the market-oriented companies more access to ‘ front-line ’ technology .
this can not be achieved by [being] military contractors moving into civilian markets for which they have few skills , but by giving the market-oriented companies more access to ‘ front-line ’ technology .

Meanwhile , Mercury has more plans for transatlantic services using an existing Intelsat-V satellite .
meanwhile , mercury has more plans for transatlantic services using an [being] intelsat-v satellite .

One thing the microfloppies have in common is the fact that they are all under 10 cm in diameter , making them better suited for briefcase-size computers than the existing 5¼-inch ( 12–5 cm ) and 8-inch ( 20 cm ) diameter floppy discs .
one thing the microfloppies have in common is the fact that they are all under 10 cm in diameter , making them better suited for briefcase-size computers than the [being] 5¼-inch ( 12–5 cm ) and 8-inch ( 20 cm ) diameter floppy discs .

Existing gun microphones , for example those made by Sennheiser of West Germany , consist of sound sensors at one end of a tube perforated like a flute .
[being] gun microphones , for example those made by sennheiser of west germany , consist of sound sensors at one end of a tube perforated like a flute .

Existing methods are expensive and inefficient — but chemists hope for a breakthrough in at least one area of research , converting sunlight directly into chemical energy , for example .
[being] methods are expensive and inefficient — but chemists hope for a breakthrough in at least one area of research , converting sunlight directly into chemical energy , for example .

The outlook for Japan 's computer firms is made brighter by several major changes in the way the machines are sold which favour the existing strengths of its computer industry .
the outlook for japan 's computer firms is made brighter by several major changes in the way the machines are sold which favour the [being] strengths of its computer industry .

One aim of experiments is to search for a compact spelling which can show sound and meaning as directly as possible , meet the needs of all who learn and use it , and is still close to existing spelling which has , so to speak , been ‘ cleaned up ’ .
one aim of experiments is to search for a compact spelling which can show sound and meaning as directly as possible , meet the needs of all who learn and use it , and is still close to [being] spelling which has , so to speak , been ‘ cleaned up ’ .

Greater Manchester 's transport chairman , Andy Fender said that the cost of these schemes would be compared with the ‘ many tens of millions ’ it would cost to replace the existing rolling stock .
greater manchester 's transport chairman , andy fender said that the cost of these schemes would be compared with the ‘ many tens of millions ’ it would cost to replace the [being] rolling stock .

Under existing grants schemes , the DoI contributes between 33 and 50 per cent of the cost of individual research projects .
under [being] grants schemes , the doi contributes between 33 and 50 per cent of the cost of individual research projects .

The speed gained by operating her rotors from a paltry 45 kW source was the equivalent to that obtained had another Diesel of 370 kW been coupled in series to the existing two .
the speed gained by operating her rotors from a paltry 45 kw source was the equivalent to that obtained had another diesel of 370 kw been coupled in series to the [being] two .

The few existing technical articles on rotors were written in German more than 50 years ago and are not readily accessible .
the few [being] technical articles on rotors were written in german more than 50 years ago and are not readily accessible .

How can people get further training when the government is closing down existing training centres ?
how can people get further training when the government is closing down [being] training centres ?

He says that the centre is not in competition with existing science museums , where valuable exhibits are preserved inside glass cases .
he says that the centre is not in competition with [being] science museums , where valuable exhibits are preserved inside glass cases .

’ The navy is considering dropping the submarines either into existing nuclear dumps in South Carolina and Washington state or in watery graves some 4000 metres down off Cape Hatteras , North Carolina or Cape Mendocino , California .
’ the navy is considering dropping the submarines either into [being] nuclear dumps in south carolina and washington state or in watery graves some 4000 metres down off cape hatteras , north carolina or cape mendocino , california .

the industry ought to be spending £310 million a year to maintain the system in its existing state .
the industry ought to be spending £310 million a year to maintain the system in its [being] state .

This curious truth about language is that it is always perfect : when a user of the language fails to express himself clearly it is because some existing linguistic resource is not known to him , not because such a resource does not exist .
this curious truth about language is that it is always perfect : when a user of the language fails to express himself clearly it is because some [being] linguistic resource is not known to him , not because such a resource does not exist .

There must also have been a great number of ferns , lycopods and horsetails existing as understorey plants but also isolated in dense swards , There was not the wide-scale domination of conifers hinted by Benton which somewhat invokes a picture of foodless dark plantation-style forests .
there must also have been a great number of ferns , lycopods and horsetails [being] as understorey plants but also isolated in dense swards , there was not the wide-scale domination of conifers hinted by benton which somewhat invokes a picture of foodless dark plantation-style forests .

Wright surprised the audience at the inquiry by claiming that the sulphur dioxide fumes from the board 's existing power stations have ‘ little impact ’ on the problem of acid rain in Scandinavia .
wright surprised the audience at the inquiry by claiming that the sulphur dioxide fumes from the board 's [being] power stations have ‘ little impact ’ on the problem of acid rain in scandinavia .

The comparison of satellite and ground-based results means that we can follow changes in the solar constant — on the broad scale at least — with existing solar telescopes on Earth , without the complication and expense of orbiting radiometers .
the comparison of satellite and ground-based results means that we can follow changes in the solar constant — on the broad scale at least — with [being] solar telescopes on earth , without the complication and expense of orbiting radiometers .

In this forced choice situation , societies add new preoccupations and forget old ones … Evidently societies , like individuals can handle only so many concerns at one time … If new problems or concerns are introduced some existing ones are given up .
in this forced choice situation , societies add new preoccupations and forget old ones … evidently societies , like individuals can handle only so many concerns at one time … if new problems or concerns are introduced some [being] ones are given up .

The Royal Navy 's existing modern warships have what is known as a citadel .
the royal navy 's [being] modern warships have what is known as a citadel .

The next generation of chips , which the company could fit in existing digital sets , will offer selective zoom , still pictures , and multistandard operation .
the next generation of chips , which the company could fit in [being] digital sets , will offer selective zoom , still pictures , and multistandard operation .

The computer acts as a substitute for human friends , perhaps , but the infatuation may also bring about the end of existing relationships .
the computer acts as a substitute for human friends , perhaps , but the infatuation may also bring about the end of [being] relationships .

The acute question is — do we try to introduce such ideas into existing power stations ?
the acute question is — do we try to introduce such ideas into [being] power stations ?

Each faces the problem of adding to an existing work once thought complete .
each faces the problem of adding to an [being] work once thought complete .

There are a number of reasons for breaking the existing cycle , and replacing it with a system in which people would work for so many hours a month , not necessarily as many as at present .
there are a number of reasons for breaking the [being] cycle , and replacing it with a system in which people would work for so many hours a month , not necessarily as many as at present .

The existing plant , which was none too salubrious , had already attracted much comment .
the [being] plant , which was none too salubrious , had already attracted much comment .

Some of the projects will be just an up grading of existing work .
some of the projects will be just an up grading of [being] work .

Scientists then set a goal : fishable , swimmable water that could support existing biota — including the eight million humans on its shores — for most parts of the bay .
scientists then set a goal : fishable , swimmable water that could support [being] biota — including the eight million humans on its shores — for most parts of the bay .

How can people get further training when the government is closing down existing training centres ?
how can people get further training when the government is closing down [being] training centres ?

Current teacher training programmes will at best fill vacancies and make good existing shortcomings .
current teacher training programmes will at best fill vacancies and make good [being] shortcomings .

The new craft like the existing Meteosat , would be positioned in geostationary orbit above Africa .
the new craft like the [being] meteosat , would be positioned in geostationary orbit above africa .

But under existing environmental legislation , some two-thirds of this land can not be exploited .
but under [being] environmental legislation , some two-thirds of this land can not be exploited .

Substitution of new materials for existing ones , increased recycling or simply reduced demand for materials due to technical innovations could all make a nonsense of predictions that the world may run short of key metals .
substitution of new materials for [being] ones , increased recycling or simply reduced demand for materials due to technical innovations could all make a nonsense of predictions that the world may run short of key metals .

Existing tree belts are usually wind breaks , which are not encouraged to grow densely .
[being] tree belts are usually wind breaks , which are not encouraged to grow densely .

The company thinks that the ore in the new area runs to about 2 million tonnes , which doubles the mine 's existing reserves and would guarantee a total of 15 years ' production .
the company thinks that the ore in the new area runs to about 2 million tonnes , which doubles the mine 's [being] reserves and would guarantee a total of 15 years ' production .

The determining factor seems to be a variation in the rapport existing between man and the dogs he keeps .
the determining factor seems to be a variation in the rapport [being] between man and the dogs he keeps .

Existing techniques are accurate enough to measure such changes in the Sun 's size directly , and monitoring programmes set up in the wake of these various claims and counter-claims will resolve the issue , one way or another , before the end of the decade .
[being] techniques are accurate enough to measure such changes in the sun 's size directly , and monitoring programmes set up in the wake of these various claims and counter-claims will resolve the issue , one way or another , before the end of the decade .

The Davy lamp was the direct result of the mine owners ' concern to recover coal , not from deeper shafts but from existing workings that were inaccessible because of a process known as ‘ creep ’ .
the davy lamp was the direct result of the mine owners ' concern to recover coal , not from deeper shafts but from [being] workings that were inaccessible because of a process known as ‘ creep ’ .

Existing lighting was supplied by the hazardous open flame of candles , oil lamps or by a steel mill , a method of producing sparks of light by holding a flint against a spinning steel wheel .
[being] lighting was supplied by the hazardous open flame of candles , oil lamps or by a steel mill , a method of producing sparks of light by holding a flint against a spinning steel wheel .

The advantage of the device , called the ‘ Robot Drill ’ is that it can bore through rock at angles above 60o to vertical — which is the limit that existing so-called reach drilling can manage .
the advantage of the device , called the ‘ robot drill ’ is that it can bore through rock at angles above 60o to vertical — which is the limit that [being] so-called reach drilling can manage .

Pain and its Conquest concentrates on perception cognition and emotion , and the ways of manipulating these by verbal and intellectual means rather than concentrating on the more traditional methods of control by cutting , by blocking or the more recent manipulating of existing control systems by chemical or electrical stimulation .
pain and its conquest concentrates on perception cognition and emotion , and the ways of manipulating these by verbal and intellectual means rather than concentrating on the more traditional methods of control by cutting , by blocking or the more recent manipulating of [being] control systems by chemical or electrical stimulation .

If developing countries tap existing sources for money to improve communications , then there may be less cash for other projects .
if developing countries tap [being] sources for money to improve communications , then there may be less cash for other projects .

In 1969 , the World Health Assembly decided to abandon the aim of eradication in favour of what it considered to be the more realistic one of control to a level manageable by the existing public health services .
in 1969 , the world health assembly decided to abandon the aim of eradication in favour of what it considered to be the more realistic one of control to a level manageable by the [being] public health services .

In its strict sense , biological control means the use of one plant or animal to control another and it exploits predator-prey and parasite-host relationships , either by introducing new predators and parasites or by artificially increasing the proportions of existing predators and parasites by their mass production and release .
in its strict sense , biological control means the use of one plant or animal to control another and it exploits predator-prey and parasite-host relationships , either by introducing new predators and parasites or by artificially increasing the proportions of [being] predators and parasites by their mass production and release .

In the laboratory we have managed to flood the existing population with fertile anopheline males carrying such genes .
in the laboratory we have managed to flood the [being] population with fertile anopheline males carrying such genes .

The mapper will use components from existing spacecraft to cut costs .
the mapper will use components from [being] spacecraft to cut costs .

Research contributing to existing areas may be funded from a variety of sources and so we tend to avoid it .
research contributing to [being] areas may be funded from a variety of sources and so we tend to avoid it .

Nick Warrell , a civil engineer from Falmouth , raised £500 000 to exploit tin from existing tunnels 80 m and 110 m under the ground .
nick warrell , a civil engineer from falmouth , raised £500 000 to exploit tin from [being] tunnels 80 m and 110 m under the ground .

The company has a stake in all four existing Cornish mines ; it owns Wheal Jane , the biggest works , while it holds 40 per cent of the shares in the South Crofty and Pendarves mines and has an 18 per cent share in Geevor ( see Map ) .
the company has a stake in all four [being] cornish mines ; it owns wheal jane , the biggest works , while it holds 40 per cent of the shares in the south crofty and pendarves mines and has an 18 per cent share in geevor ( see map ) .

To reduce problems for existing users of these frequencies the Home Office shrewdly negotiated a 10 year transitional period .
to reduce problems for [being] users of these frequencies the home office shrewdly negotiated a 10 year transitional period .

In parallel to the development of these ‘ physical ’ standards of containment the genetic industry followed the university lead and developed crippled microbes , which closely followed existing guidelines for ‘ biological containment ’ .
in parallel to the development of these ‘ physical ’ standards of containment the genetic industry followed the university lead and developed crippled microbes , which closely followed [being] guidelines for ‘ biological containment ’ .

The new system should provide reliable dates for objects 60000 years old ; the upper limit with existing radiocarbon techniques is 40000 years .
the new system should provide reliable dates for objects 60000 years old ; the upper limit with [being] radiocarbon techniques is 40000 years .

In fact what is proposed by Mr Ceravolo in his report to the Parliament is the setting of a timetable for the elimination of lead from petrol and it is likely that this will be on the agenda of the Council of Ministers in June and it is to be hoped that the Council will then call on the Commission to proceed to a new directive on the matter to replace the existing one which determines the 0.15 minimum level .
in fact what is proposed by mr ceravolo in his report to the parliament is the setting of a timetable for the elimination of lead from petrol and it is likely that this will be on the agenda of the council of ministers in june and it is to be hoped that the council will then call on the commission to proceed to a new directive on the matter to replace the [being] one which determines the 0.15 minimum level .

This means that plant breeders who try to create higher-yielding or disease-resistant varieties by selection or hybridisation from existing varieties can make only limited progress ; the genes they need are simply not found in the cultivated populations .
this means that plant breeders who try to create higher-yielding or disease-resistant varieties by selection or hybridisation from [being] varieties can make only limited progress ; the genes they need are simply not found in the cultivated populations .

The water being pumped from the Dead Sea by existing machinery could contain lower concentrations of minerals , in which case water will have to be pumped from a greater depth ( perhaps 70 m ) where mineral concentrations will remain high .
the water being pumped from the dead sea by [being] machinery could contain lower concentrations of minerals , in which case water will have to be pumped from a greater depth ( perhaps 70 m ) where mineral concentrations will remain high .

The former option , turning the Jordan into a salt-water river , would have completely destroyed the existing ecosystem .
the former option , turning the jordan into a salt-water river , would have completely destroyed the [being] ecosystem .

Naturally this will also involve a much more critical look at the existing syllabuses and there will be areas where it will be felt that curriculum reforms consistent with enlightened teaching and effective learning are imperative .
naturally this will also involve a much more critical look at the [being] syllabuses and there will be areas where it will be felt that curriculum reforms consistent with enlightened teaching and effective learning are imperative .

Much more fundamental , however , is the issue which concerns the existing format of the examinations .
much more fundamental , however , is the issue which concerns the [being] format of the examinations .

Increased immigration militated against the absorption of new arrivals in existing Shetlander networks ; while at the same time it was accompanied by the creation of new networks composed of incomers -incomers found shared interests in what they saw as a frontier zone .
increased immigration militated against the absorption of new arrivals in [being] shetlander networks ; while at the same time it was accompanied by the creation of new networks composed of incomers -incomers found shared interests in what they saw as a frontier zone .

This feeling is reinforced by the fact that the community councils , ln which such debate rages , are dominated by Shetlanders and are seen by incomers as existing to serve the interests of Shetlanders only .
this feeling is reinforced by the fact that the community councils , ln which such debate rages , are dominated by shetlanders and are seen by incomers as [being] to serve the interests of shetlanders only .

Our association of dominant ideology with bureaucracy has tempted us to reserve our notions of way of life for our villagers , thereby reducing bureaucrats and other representatives of the wider world beyond the boundaries of community to automatons , ciphers in depersonalised processes which are unintentionally portrayed as existing merely to threaten the way of life of local communities .
our association of dominant ideology with bureaucracy has tempted us to reserve our notions of way of life for our villagers , thereby reducing bureaucrats and other representatives of the wider world beyond the boundaries of community to automatons , ciphers in depersonalised processes which are unintentionally portrayed as [being] merely to threaten the way of life of local communities .

It identifies areas of existing or potential urban settlement where housing is encouraged .
it identifies areas of [being] or potential urban settlement where housing is encouraged .

These same restrictions apply to the siting of council houses but this aspect of the policy has not engendered the same weight of opposition since it does not represent the interruption of an existing right , that is to say the ‘ right ’ to build private houses almost anywhere .
these same restrictions apply to the siting of council houses but this aspect of the policy has not engendered the same weight of opposition since it does not represent the interruption of an [being] right , that is to say the ‘ right ’ to build private houses almost anywhere .

Most prospective rural housebuilders were prepared to employ cesspits instead of mains drainage and to pay to be connected to the county 's ageing but still serviceable water supply system , whilst being content to build their houses alongside existing roads , dismissing any arguments about the aesthetics of ribbon development .
most prospective rural housebuilders were prepared to employ cesspits instead of mains drainage and to pay to be connected to the county 's ageing but still serviceable water supply system , whilst being content to build their houses alongside [being] roads , dismissing any arguments about the aesthetics of ribbon development .

As for the idea of ‘ community ’ , they argued that the Council 's policy would undermine existing communities rather than create new ones .
as for the idea of ‘ community ’ , they argued that the council 's policy would undermine [being] communities rather than create new ones .

These prominent individuals , the populists of island life , cast in , and ready to accept , the role of ‘ men of the people ’ as a means of acquiring the power denied to them within the more formal mechanisms of local political life , were ready to add housing to their existing concerns .
these prominent individuals , the populists of island life , cast in , and ready to accept , the role of ‘ men of the people ’ as a means of acquiring the power denied to them within the more formal mechanisms of local political life , were ready to add housing to their [being] concerns .

Dundonald Castle , which has a place in both Scottish and British history , is the finest example still existing of a Scottish castle of its period , and should be treasured as a national monument in our midst .
dundonald castle , which has a place in both scottish and british history , is the finest example still [being] of a scottish castle of its period , and should be treasured as a national monument in our midst .

The existing bridge at the location , although often called the Tournament Bridge , is not the original .
the [being] bridge at the location , although often called the tournament bridge , is not the original .

The earliest existing record of a meeting of the Kilwinning archers is dated 4th September , 1688 .
the earliest [being] record of a meeting of the kilwinning archers is dated 4th september , 1688 .

This existing history of ‘ miraculous ’ cures is just a hint of what may be available to the human mind struggling to find a way to greater self-help in coping with ill health and adversity , if only the vitally necessary ‘ faith ’ were more easily grasped and held on to .
this [being] history of ‘ miraculous ’ cures is just a hint of what may be available to the human mind struggling to find a way to greater self-help in coping with ill health and adversity , if only the vitally necessary ‘ faith ’ were more easily grasped and held on to .

Influential advocates of existing religions have persistently resisted the use of reason being applied to the word ‘ 'god ’ , and have thus inevitably ensured the ultimate failure of those religions .
influential advocates of [being] religions have persistently resisted the use of reason being applied to the word ‘ 'god ’ , and have thus inevitably ensured the ultimate failure of those religions .

In these situations there is no hope for an end to these ‘ holy ’ conflicts unless there becomes available some completely new religion which rejects all existing ‘ gods ’ , and offers an alternative form of religion and deity with viability so well reasoned and convincing that it inexorably eliminates all others .
in these situations there is no hope for an end to these ‘ holy ’ conflicts unless there becomes available some completely new religion which rejects all [being] ‘ gods ’ , and offers an alternative form of religion and deity with viability so well reasoned and convincing that it inexorably eliminates all others .

By its very existence it would start to replace the existing faiths .
by its very existence it would start to replace the [being] faiths .

No amount of modification to any of the existing faiths could ever have the so greatly longed for effect , only a completely new religious concept based on a credible ‘ god ’ can be successful .
no amount of modification to any of the [being] faiths could ever have the so greatly longed for effect , only a completely new religious concept based on a credible ‘ god ’ can be successful .

It could be one of the first of the man-made units of goodness to be added to the existing store already laid up by the evolutionary process .
it could be one of the first of the man-made units of goodness to be added to the [being] store already laid up by the evolutionary process .

It should be the aim of humanity ultimately to abandon all existing organised religions , and make a completely new start .
it should be the aim of humanity ultimately to abandon all [being] organised religions , and make a completely new start .

Assimilation is a more basic , primitive form of adaptation — virtual non-adaptation in which ‘ the individual bends the external environment to fit its currently existing cognitive level ’ ( ibid .
assimilation is a more basic , primitive form of adaptation — virtual non-adaptation in which ‘ the individual bends the external environment to fit its currently [being] cognitive level ’ ( ibid .

The Nord-Pas-de-Calais strategy is clearly designed to pull it in the former camp and has a number of existing advantages to draw upon including a good geographical position and relatively low land prices , wages and corporate taxation rates .
the nord-pas-de-calais strategy is clearly designed to pull it in the former camp and has a number of [being] advantages to draw upon including a good geographical position and relatively low land prices , wages and corporate taxation rates .

In the early stages of the Channel Tunnel project British Rail believed that the existing rail network in the South East could cope with any extra traffic after 1993 despite the fact that a report to Kent County Council in 1985 stated that ‘ the rail lines to London are already very heavily used and have little spare capacity ’ .
in the early stages of the channel tunnel project british rail believed that the [being] rail network in the south east could cope with any extra traffic after 1993 despite the fact that a report to kent county council in 1985 stated that ‘ the rail lines to london are already very heavily used and have little spare capacity ’ .

Whatever the outcome of these various campaigns none of the rail link plans are likely to materialise much before the end of the century , and traffic leaving the Tunnel will have to rely on the roads and existing rail lines .
whatever the outcome of these various campaigns none of the rail link plans are likely to materialise much before the end of the century , and traffic leaving the tunnel will have to rely on the roads and [being] rail lines .

The Convention of the Scottish Local Authorities in its submission to the British Rail Section 40 consultations called for dedicated through services for passengers and freight between Scotland and mainland Europe ; and efficient cross-London link for passengers combined with on-train immigration checks ; improved freight handling arrangements through a super-depot at Coatbridge , or better use of existing facilities ; and the linkage of such a depot to the trunk road network .
the convention of the scottish local authorities in its submission to the british rail section 40 consultations called for dedicated through services for passengers and freight between scotland and mainland europe ; and efficient cross-london link for passengers combined with on-train immigration checks ; improved freight handling arrangements through a super-depot at coatbridge , or better use of [being] facilities ; and the linkage of such a depot to the trunk road network .

Programme for training new ( and existing ) staff in the procedures of the new client and generally becoming familiar with his requirements .
programme for training new ( and [being] ) staff in the procedures of the new client and generally becoming familiar with his requirements .

So , for example , s 24 assumes that all partners may take part in the management of the business , that no person can be introduced as a partner without the consent of all the existing ones , that all the partners are entitled to share equally in the capital and profits of the business and must contribute equally towards the losses sustained by the firm .
so , for example , s 24 assumes that all partners may take part in the management of the business , that no person can be introduced as a partner without the consent of all the [being] ones , that all the partners are entitled to share equally in the capital and profits of the business and must contribute equally towards the losses sustained by the firm .

Planning authorities have powers to stop existing lawful uses by issuing a Discontinuance Order and to revoke any planning permission not yet implemented in full with a Revocation Order .
planning authorities have powers to stop [being] lawful uses by issuing a discontinuance order and to revoke any planning permission not yet implemented in full with a revocation order .

Existing Use and Permitted Extension
[being] use and permitted extension

When development rights were nationalised by the 1947 Act , a new concept , ‘ existing use rights ’ , was created ; these were left with the landowner .
when development rights were nationalised by the 1947 act , a new concept , ‘ [being] use rights ’ , was created ; these were left with the landowner .

The existence of these rights did not override the necessity to obtain planning permission but on compulsory purchase , permission for existing use rights was assumed to exist .
the existence of these rights did not override the necessity to obtain planning permission but on compulsory purchase , permission for [being] use rights was assumed to exist .

This involves not only a replacement of the formerly existing elements of production , but also the insertion of new elements into the new cycle of production .
this involves not only a replacement of the formerly [being] elements of production , but also the insertion of new elements into the new cycle of production .

Bukharin 's contribution to analysing growth theory has , by and large , remained underplayed in the existing literature .
bukharin 's contribution to analysing growth theory has , by and large , remained underplayed in the [being] literature .

The reason for this is that the renewal of fixed capital is normally to maintain existing production levels .
the reason for this is that the renewal of fixed capital is normally to maintain [being] production levels .

It is true that certain measures of nationalisation had been undertaken in the first months of Soviet government — for example , the Merchant Marine had been taken over in January 1918 and the sugar industry nationalised in May of that year — but the main efforts had been directed towards a stabilisation and regularisation of the tottering economy on the existing basis of ownership .
it is true that certain measures of nationalisation had been undertaken in the first months of soviet government — for example , the merchant marine had been taken over in january 1918 and the sugar industry nationalised in may of that year — but the main efforts had been directed towards a stabilisation and regularisation of the tottering economy on the [being] basis of ownership .

In terms of equilibrium theory , Bukharin was concerned that the existing , and fragile , equilibrium should not be destroyed by untoward leaps which would threaten the Soviet regime .
in terms of equilibrium theory , bukharin was concerned that the [being] , and fragile , equilibrium should not be destroyed by untoward leaps which would threaten the soviet regime .

First , in his experimental work he has achieved performances that match existing systems .
first , in his experimental work he has achieved performances that match [being] systems .

Duncan and other scientists have suggested new designs with nest boxes and perches to give birds up to twice as much space as existing cages .
duncan and other scientists have suggested new designs with nest boxes and perches to give birds up to twice as much space as [being] cages .

According to John Webster , head of the department of animal husbandry at Bristol University , new cages of this sort would cost twice as much as existing ones , and would add one-third to the price of eggs at the farm gate .
according to john webster , head of the department of animal husbandry at bristol university , new cages of this sort would cost twice as much as [being] ones , and would add one-third to the price of eggs at the farm gate .

Hyundai claims the new 124bhp engine is more than just an enlarged version of the existing Lantra 's 1.6-litre unit .
hyundai claims the new 124bhp engine is more than just an enlarged version of the [being] lantra 's 1.6-litre unit .

It will operate only in urban areas — hence the lower cost — but once out of town the caller can transfer to the existing cell system and pay the higher charges .
it will operate only in urban areas — hence the lower cost — but once out of town the caller can transfer to the [being] cell system and pay the higher charges .

The vicar and his team , led by outgoing churchwarden Robert Parker , envisage an extension which would double the width of the existing church , and which would include a parish office and a private room for counselling and other meetings .
the vicar and his team , led by outgoing churchwarden robert parker , envisage an extension which would double the width of the [being] church , and which would include a parish office and a private room for counselling and other meetings .

‘ There is some irony in the fact that helping other companies make the best use of their existing premises — by installing mezzanine floors or space-saving racking systems — has meant that we have had to move to new premises to cope with the workload , ’ said Mr. Jeary .
‘ there is some irony in the fact that helping other companies make the best use of their [being] premises — by installing mezzanine floors or space-saving racking systems — has meant that we have had to move to new premises to cope with the workload , ’ said mr. jeary .

Instead a reply was sent from the Department of the Environment who have the job of implementing existing Conservative policy .
instead a reply was sent from the department of the environment who have the job of implementing [being] conservative policy .

It means life-to-life , mind-to-mind contact , enhancement of well-being , affirmation of being alive and contending with the vicissitudes of existing in this world .
it means life-to-life , mind-to-mind contact , enhancement of well-being , affirmation of being alive and contending with the vicissitudes of [being] in this world .

Even the work of such pioneers as Sue Savage-Rumbaugh , teaching chimpanzees to recognize lexigrams ( graphic symbols ) , simply underlines the fact that animals can only learn associations with particular sensory stimuli that mesh with their already existing mental structure .
even the work of such pioneers as sue savage-rumbaugh , teaching chimpanzees to recognize lexigrams ( graphic symbols ) , simply underlines the fact that animals can only learn associations with particular sensory stimuli that mesh with their already [being] mental structure .

If time were as a looped conveyor belt , endlessly revolving , with past , present and future all existing simultaneously , our constrained human view would be of just one thin sliver across this belt .
if time were as a looped conveyor belt , endlessly revolving , with past , present and future all [being] simultaneously , our constrained human view would be of just one thin sliver across this belt .

Watkins admits that trees are ‘ a very weak point with the ley-hunter ’ , meaning , of course , that , if leys are prehistoric , any existing trees could not possibly be original .
watkins admits that trees are ‘ a very weak point with the ley-hunter ’ , meaning , of course , that , if leys are prehistoric , any [being] trees could not possibly be original .

It seems to be a very deep-seated tradition , the need to add another stone to an existing pile , and many who climb hills today do so with a stone in their pocket to add to the cairn on the summit .
it seems to be a very deep-seated tradition , the need to add another stone to an [being] pile , and many who climb hills today do so with a stone in their pocket to add to the cairn on the summit .

Linear earthworks were the means of manipulating , channelling and containing vast flows of terrestrial energy , drawing them out of the central plateau area of the chalk uplands and leading them , sometimes for miles , towards places where they were required to boost the existing subtle currents .
linear earthworks were the means of manipulating , channelling and containing vast flows of terrestrial energy , drawing them out of the central plateau area of the chalk uplands and leading them , sometimes for miles , towards places where they were required to boost the [being] subtle currents .

But , in its own way , it could never be described as anything less than a remarkably articulate and detailed player , and certainly no-one will fail to be swayed by its fine engineering , or Linn 's track record in improving existing products in the field when the time comes , instead of merely replacing them .
but , in its own way , it could never be described as anything less than a remarkably articulate and detailed player , and certainly no-one will fail to be swayed by its fine engineering , or linn 's track record in improving [being] products in the field when the time comes , instead of merely replacing them .

Esops have two parts : an employee benefit trust , which can buy and hold existing shares in its adopting company , and one or more share schemes which can be used to distribute shares to employees .
esops have two parts : an employee benefit trust , which can buy and hold [being] shares in its adopting company , and one or more share schemes which can be used to distribute shares to employees .

First , the Esop can buy existing shares in the market , avoiding the need to issue new shares .
first , the esop can buy [being] shares in the market , avoiding the need to issue new shares .

Second , it can be used to purchase many more shares for employees than is possible with existing share schemes .
second , it can be used to purchase many more shares for employees than is possible with [being] share schemes .

Third , an Esop can be used to buy back shares from existing employee shareholders .
third , an esop can be used to buy back shares from [being] employee shareholders .

Ford is investing £20 million over five years in a market plagued by complaints about the service given by existing providers .
ford is investing £20 million over five years in a market plagued by complaints about the service given by [being] providers .

But that simply draws a weary smile from Durrant , 27 , because he is head of the 10-strong team providing software support to existing clients .
but that simply draws a weary smile from durrant , 27 , because he is head of the 10-strong team providing software support to [being] clients .

It can not be simply the distortions of hindsight that cast Alison Kraemer in the role of spoiler , for the effect was to throw us all into a foul temper , heightening the existing tensions until they exploded a few days later with devastating results .
it can not be simply the distortions of hindsight that cast alison kraemer in the role of spoiler , for the effect was to throw us all into a foul temper , heightening the [being] tensions until they exploded a few days later with devastating results .

There are eight sites situated in Grampian , Borders , northern Pennines , County Down , Warwickshire , Hertfordshire , Oxfordshire and Devon ( above ) , selected for their existing information and research strengths .
there are eight sites situated in grampian , borders , northern pennines , county down , warwickshire , hertfordshire , oxfordshire and devon ( above ) , selected for their [being] information and research strengths .

The new institute will spend the next year merging the three existing committee and regional structures , and expects to be fully operational by 1 January 1993 .
the new institute will spend the next year merging the three [being] committee and regional structures , and expects to be fully operational by 1 january 1993 .

The process produces no new proteins , it only causes physical changes to existing structures .
the process produces no new proteins , it only causes physical changes to [being] structures .

Existing biolayer/transducer combinations have all achieved ‘ proof of principle ’ capability , and look promising in bioanalysis .
[being] biolayer/transducer combinations have all achieved ‘ proof of principle ’ capability , and look promising in bioanalysis .

The film should reinforce existing knowledge and then introduce further topics , concepts and principles .
the film should reinforce [being] knowledge and then introduce further topics , concepts and principles .

The University is committed to a process of evaluation for both new and existing courses .
the university is committed to a process of evaluation for both new and [being] courses .

Unfortunately the authors do not know of any existing Green oil painting .
unfortunately the authors do not know of any [being] green oil painting .

Six new huts complementing the existing civilian story .
six new huts complementing the [being] civilian story .

Library education will be more effective if the student understands what he is doing and why he is doing it — that is , if new facts can be related to existing knowledge .
library education will be more effective if the student understands what he is doing and why he is doing it — that is , if new facts can be related to [being] knowledge .

The lecture gives the student a possibility to relate new facts to existing knowledge but provides no feedback as to whether this has occurred or not .
the lecture gives the student a possibility to relate new facts to [being] knowledge but provides no feedback as to whether this has occurred or not .

An attempt can be made to relate new information to existing knowledge .
an attempt can be made to relate new information to [being] knowledge .

An opportunity must be provided for understanding — to relate new facts to existing knowledge .
an opportunity must be provided for understanding — to relate new facts to [being] knowledge .

Thus evaluation can be used for decisions about whether to continue or terminate a given course , about the modification necessary for an existing programme , about the use of various teaching methods to achieve a pre-specified goal , or about the adoption of an innovation .
thus evaluation can be used for decisions about whether to continue or terminate a given course , about the modification necessary for an [being] programme , about the use of various teaching methods to achieve a pre-specified goal , or about the adoption of an innovation .

The actual evaluation/consultation is a factor that may affect the existing situation .
the actual evaluation/consultation is a factor that may affect the [being] situation .

Attempts are made to improve existing courses , either as a result of personal observations , or from discussions with participating students .
attempts are made to improve [being] courses , either as a result of personal observations , or from discussions with participating students .

But what of pupils ' existing approach to assignment work ?
but what of pupils ' [being] approach to assignment work ?

If we may further generalize on these projects , we may describe them as setting up models of teaching methods and materials , thus tending to extend and develop user education methods , rather than analysing and criticizing existing methodologies and materials .
if we may further generalize on these projects , we may describe them as setting up models of teaching methods and materials , thus tending to extend and develop user education methods , rather than analysing and criticizing [being] methodologies and materials .

In addition to changes in existing trades , such as engineering and boot and shoe manufacture , new trades were developing from the 1880s : sewing-machines , cycles , and motor and electrical manufacture .
in addition to changes in [being] trades , such as engineering and boot and shoe manufacture , new trades were developing from the 1880s : sewing-machines , cycles , and motor and electrical manufacture .

This does not necessarily mean an expansion of output or rise in output per head will take place , since a large proportion of the existing available workforce is either unemployed or underemployed in many LDCs .
this does not necessarily mean an expansion of output or rise in output per head will take place , since a large proportion of the [being] available workforce is either unemployed or underemployed in many ldcs .

To some , aid destroyed a nation 's social fabric , resulted in unproductive enterprises and maintained in many instances the existing oligarchy ( ruling class ) .
to some , aid destroyed a nation 's social fabric , resulted in unproductive enterprises and maintained in many instances the [being] oligarchy ( ruling class ) .

Perhaps , the main conclusion to be made from the response these Reports evoked is that in today 's world and its existing political structure , the LDCs must rely on themselves to achieve a higher level of economic welfare .
perhaps , the main conclusion to be made from the response these reports evoked is that in today 's world and its [being] political structure , the ldcs must rely on themselves to achieve a higher level of economic welfare .

There will be no immediate or automatic resource transfers to the LDCs over and above existing levels of aid provided by the North .
there will be no immediate or automatic resource transfers to the ldcs over and above [being] levels of aid provided by the north .

If banks in LDCs do not function properly and fail in their vital role as intermediaries between savers and investors in the economy , then any existing shortage of funds for capital investment will be intensified .
if banks in ldcs do not function properly and fail in their vital role as intermediaries between savers and investors in the economy , then any [being] shortage of funds for capital investment will be intensified .

Instead the exporter must use existing business resources or credit ( loan ) facilities of a bank .
instead the exporter must use [being] business resources or credit ( loan ) facilities of a bank .

Long means a bank is purchasing and accumulating deposits in a currency whereas short implies a run-down of deposit balances in a currency ( possibly even a loan situation existing in a nostro account with a correspondent bank ) .
long means a bank is purchasing and accumulating deposits in a currency whereas short implies a run-down of deposit balances in a currency ( possibly even a loan situation [being] in a nostro account with a correspondent bank ) .

Some predictions are based on the existing and future balance of payments current account position of a country .
some predictions are based on the [being] and future balance of payments current account position of a country .

Forward premiums are deducted from the existing spot rate whilst forward discounts are added to the spot rate , in order to ascertain the future value of receipts and payments for exporters and importers in their own domestic currencies .
forward premiums are deducted from the [being] spot rate whilst forward discounts are added to the spot rate , in order to ascertain the future value of receipts and payments for exporters and importers in their own domestic currencies .

In most cases the existing indigenous population was largely ignored due to its non-participation in the cash economy , or by the utilisation of existing arrangements .
in most cases the [being] indigenous population was largely ignored due to its non-participation in the cash economy , or by the utilisation of [being] arrangements .

An acquisition provides immediate access to the local deposit market ( and lending opportunities ) while the existing management should be knowledgeable of the local economy .
an acquisition provides immediate access to the local deposit market ( and lending opportunities ) while the [being] management should be knowledgeable of the local economy .

The need to satisfy corporate customers ' international financial needs has also encouraged banks to establish consortium banks based on existing correspondent ties .
the need to satisfy corporate customers ' international financial needs has also encouraged banks to establish consortium banks based on [being] correspondent ties .

What would existing and potential depositors and borrowers do in this situation ?
what would [being] and potential depositors and borrowers do in this situation ?

Most country risk analysts regard the balance of payments as the most relevant economic statement for assessing a country 's ability to service existing ( and future ) external debt .
most country risk analysts regard the balance of payments as the most relevant economic statement for assessing a country 's ability to service [being] ( and future ) external debt .

It ignores capital flows which , in the short-term , can be used to service existing debt .
it ignores capital flows which , in the short-term , can be used to service [being] debt .

The first and most obvious one , is the need to surmount the inevitable resistance of , and to achieve the ready cooperation of , existing vested interests .
the first and most obvious one , is the need to surmount the inevitable resistance of , and to achieve the ready cooperation of , [being] vested interests .

The real question is to encourage and to make feasible more horizontal collaboration by working with managers within individual business units , through programmes which get resources across existing business units , and by having top management play a much more active role in managing the totality of the firm as a portfolio of core competences
the real question is to encourage and to make feasible more horizontal collaboration by working with managers within individual business units , through programmes which get resources across [being] business units , and by having top management play a much more active role in managing the totality of the firm as a portfolio of core competences

It is , therefore , sometimes a little difficult to keep up-to-date , for although what is found may not be in the area being researched by the local historian concerned , it may , nonetheless , have a bearing , for the style of housing suggested for one place may be typical of that formerly existing in another , ten or even a hundred miles away .
it is , therefore , sometimes a little difficult to keep up-to-date , for although what is found may not be in the area being researched by the local historian concerned , it may , nonetheless , have a bearing , for the style of housing suggested for one place may be typical of that formerly [being] in another , ten or even a hundred miles away .

Some early maps of this type show , albeit crudely , the kinds of houses existing at the time of drafting , and it is possible to appreciate the difference between the houses of , say , the more well-to-do freeholder and the lowlier tenant .
some early maps of this type show , albeit crudely , the kinds of houses [being] at the time of drafting , and it is possible to appreciate the difference between the houses of , say , the more well-to-do freeholder and the lowlier tenant .

It may also be possible to compare these early drawings with a still existing building on the same site , to determine if it is the same structure , and , if so , if any general exterior modifications have been made .
it may also be possible to compare these early drawings with a still [being] building on the same site , to determine if it is the same structure , and , if so , if any general exterior modifications have been made .

In most cases , education has been viewed as politically significant by both governments and oppositions , whether as a major force for change , or as a way of bolstering the existing regime .
in most cases , education has been viewed as politically significant by both governments and oppositions , whether as a major force for change , or as a way of bolstering the [being] regime .

Countries where existing economic problems affecting education have been compounded by war and insurgency .
countries where [being] economic problems affecting education have been compounded by war and insurgency .

This saves on training facilities and teacher trainers and also helps fill the gaps in the ranks of the existing teaching force .
this saves on training facilities and teacher trainers and also helps fill the gaps in the ranks of the [being] teaching force .

The war and economic problems brought to a halt and in some areas even reversed the major advances made in educational provision in the early 1980s , and like crises elsewhere , often sharpened inequalities and exacerbated existing difficulties .
the war and economic problems brought to a halt and in some areas even reversed the major advances made in educational provision in the early 1980s , and like crises elsewhere , often sharpened inequalities and exacerbated [being] difficulties .

The strong link then still existing between Methodism and the episcopal Church is evident in the fact that so many Methodist names are recorded in these Parish registers .
the strong link then still [being] between methodism and the episcopal church is evident in the fact that so many methodist names are recorded in these parish registers .

There is an interesting contrast between the Church of Ireland and the Roman Catholic Church in that the Church of Ireland tends to create new parishes out of old as the need arises while the Roman Catholic Church builds new churches where they are needed but keeps still to the already existing parish structure .
there is an interesting contrast between the church of ireland and the roman catholic church in that the church of ireland tends to create new parishes out of old as the need arises while the roman catholic church builds new churches where they are needed but keeps still to the already [being] parish structure .

Planning had begun in 1857 and originally envisaged the enlarging and improving of the existing 1832 church on the opposite side of the street .
planning had begun in 1857 and originally envisaged the enlarging and improving of the [being] 1832 church on the opposite side of the street .

Two ideas were being considered by 1938 — either to build a new church or to remodel the existing church and build a new hall .
two ideas were being considered by 1938 — either to build a new church or to remodel the [being] church and build a new hall .

This new plan also envisaged the building of the new rooms above the existing vestry and church parlour and joining the church and the halls .
this new plan also envisaged the building of the new rooms above the [being] vestry and church parlour and joining the church and the halls .

The violence of these movies is sometimes excused on the ground that they portray violence already existing in society or that they entertain .
the violence of these movies is sometimes excused on the ground that they portray violence already [being] in society or that they entertain .

The report concluded that a reform of existing institutions and policies would alleviate substantially the poor conditions under which many were living in Brixton and , by implication , in other inner-urban localities .
the report concluded that a reform of [being] institutions and policies would alleviate substantially the poor conditions under which many were living in brixton and , by implication , in other inner-urban localities .

Reform would need to be deep rooted , but existing structures could be modified .
reform would need to be deep rooted , but [being] structures could be modified .

Existing output and new production relocate , sometimes within different companies .
[being] output and new production relocate , sometimes within different companies .

The complexity and inter-relatedness of urban problems had been stressed , existing policies had been evaluated and a series of policy modifications had been proposed relating to the economy , housing , population dispersal , urban administration , and so on .
the complexity and inter-relatedness of urban problems had been stressed , [being] policies had been evaluated and a series of policy modifications had been proposed relating to the economy , housing , population dispersal , urban administration , and so on .

Issues relating to the efficacy or the alignments of new or existing policies were not discussed .
issues relating to the efficacy or the alignments of new or [being] policies were not discussed .

Authorities such as Rochdale ( Grt Manchester ) and Tyne & Wear had used existing legislation to declare informal IIAs before 1977 .
authorities such as rochdale ( grt manchester ) and tyne & wear had used [being] legislation to declare informal iias before 1977 .

Some local authorities expressed a concern about the potential implications of removing planning controls from shopping , on the grounds that the financial incentives ( discussed below ) would attract into the zones large retail organizations , thus undermining existing shopping patterns .
some local authorities expressed a concern about the potential implications of removing planning controls from shopping , on the grounds that the financial incentives ( discussed below ) would attract into the zones large retail organizations , thus undermining [being] shopping patterns .

This was perhaps predictable , since the Department of the Environment , in approving designations , wanted to declare vacant or derelict land as enterprise zones , thus avoiding the incorporation of existing companies , which would benefit from financial incentives , into designations .
this was perhaps predictable , since the department of the environment , in approving designations , wanted to declare vacant or derelict land as enterprise zones , thus avoiding the incorporation of [being] companies , which would benefit from financial incentives , into designations .

Would existing firms relocate into the zones because of their incentives , to no overall effect ?
would [being] firms relocate into the zones because of their incentives , to no overall effect ?

UDCs are primarily intended to secure the regeneration of their designated areas by bringing land and buildings into effective use ; by encouraging the development of existing and new industry and commerce ; by creating an attractive environment ; and by ensuring that housing and social facilities are available to encourage people to live and work in the area .
udcs are primarily intended to secure the regeneration of their designated areas by bringing land and buildings into effective use ; by encouraging the development of [being] and new industry and commerce ; by creating an attractive environment ; and by ensuring that housing and social facilities are available to encourage people to live and work in the area .

Disposals should , ‘ as far as possible ’ , be in line with local planning and environmental policies but , where existing use conflicts with these , disposing authorities should remember that the asset represents a considerable public investment .
disposals should , ‘ as far as possible ’ , be in line with local planning and environmental policies but , where [being] use conflicts with these , disposing authorities should remember that the asset represents a considerable public investment .

Ranged against these pro-Green Belt interests are those who feel that existing restraint policies have outlived their usefulness at a time of rapid socioeconomic change , and are positively detrimental to the communities they are meant to protect .
ranged against these pro-green belt interests are those who feel that [being] restraint policies have outlived their usefulness at a time of rapid socioeconomic change , and are positively detrimental to the communities they are meant to protect .

As Repetto ( 1988a ) has discussed , the continued availability of subsidies for conversion of forest to pasture makes it more economic for the investor to clear further forest than to purchase fertiliser or control weeds in existing pasture .
as repetto ( 1988a ) has discussed , the continued availability of subsidies for conversion of forest to pasture makes it more economic for the investor to clear further forest than to purchase fertiliser or control weeds in [being] pasture .

As Adegbehin points out , assessment of the resource base itself has been poor and existing inventory data are both incomplete and out of date .
as adegbehin points out , assessment of the resource base itself has been poor and [being] inventory data are both incomplete and out of date .

In many of these parks , which are mostly located in savanna regions , tourists regularly drive off the existing game-viewing tracks into the dry terrain and there is concern that increased tourist traffic will detrimentally alter the environment .
in many of these parks , which are mostly located in savanna regions , tourists regularly drive off the [being] game-viewing tracks into the dry terrain and there is concern that increased tourist traffic will detrimentally alter the environment .

Clearly , biotechnology will have an increasing role to play in environmental quality during the next few centuries , especially if existing methodologies can be improved by genetic engineering ( see below ) .
clearly , biotechnology will have an increasing role to play in environmental quality during the next few centuries , especially if [being] methodologies can be improved by genetic engineering ( see below ) .

An argument by many atmospheric physicists , for example , is that shortcomings in the accuracy of weather prediction over periods of more than a few days largely results from the unsophisticated nature of existing models , the lack of suitable data and inadequate computer power ( see Fig .
an argument by many atmospheric physicists , for example , is that shortcomings in the accuracy of weather prediction over periods of more than a few days largely results from the unsophisticated nature of [being] models , the lack of suitable data and inadequate computer power ( see fig .

The unavoidable reliance upon existing data sets led to many problems due to non-harmonization even of commonly used variables , e.g. eight different definitions of potential evapo-transpiration were in use in the Member States and ‘ maximum temperature ’ at each weather station was defined in at least four different ways ;
the unavoidable reliance upon [being] data sets led to many problems due to non-harmonization even of commonly used variables , e.g. eight different definitions of potential evapo-transpiration were in use in the member states and ‘ maximum temperature ’ at each weather station was defined in at least four different ways ;

What we discover within this secret part of ourselves is an inner being , a soul , an inner mind , and inner life , an inner subtle-physical entity which is much larger in its potentialities , more plastic , more powerful , more capable of a manifold knowledge and dynamism than our surface mind , life or body ; especially , it is capable of a direct communication with the universal forces , movements , objects of the cosmos , a direct feeling and opening to them , a direct action of them and even a widening of itself beyond the limit of the personal mind , the personal life , the body , so that it feels itself more and more a universal being no longer limited by the existing walls of out too narrow mental , vital , physical existence .
what we discover within this secret part of ourselves is an inner being , a soul , an inner mind , and inner life , an inner subtle-physical entity which is much larger in its potentialities , more plastic , more powerful , more capable of a manifold knowledge and dynamism than our surface mind , life or body ; especially , it is capable of a direct communication with the universal forces , movements , objects of the cosmos , a direct feeling and opening to them , a direct action of them and even a widening of itself beyond the limit of the personal mind , the personal life , the body , so that it feels itself more and more a universal being no longer limited by the [being] walls of out too narrow mental , vital , physical existence .

This , Burton 's fourth scheme , proposed a block housing the Foreign and Colonial Offices immediately to the west of the existing houses in Downing Street , and although it did not involve buying any more land , it necessitated building on the park .
this , burton 's fourth scheme , proposed a block housing the foreign and colonial offices immediately to the west of the [being] houses in downing street , and although it did not involve buying any more land , it necessitated building on the park .

As he showed in a report , dated 30th March , 1839 , to the Commissioners of Woods and Forests , the existing offices could be retained until the new block was complete , and it could form the first stage in a complete rebuilding of both sides of Downing Street .
as he showed in a report , dated 30th march , 1839 , to the commissioners of woods and forests , the [being] offices could be retained until the new block was complete , and it could form the first stage in a complete rebuilding of both sides of downing street .

Thomas Chawner , the Architect to the Land Revenue Department , pointed out the need for a fire-proof building , and the dangers of overloading the existing structures with books and printing presses .
thomas chawner , the architect to the land revenue department , pointed out the need for a fire-proof building , and the dangers of overloading the [being] structures with books and printing presses .

But as there would be a saving of £1,000,000 for the values of rents paid for existing offices , the total cost of the scheme would be £1,500,000 .
but as there would be a saving of £1,000,000 for the values of rents paid for [being] offices , the total cost of the scheme would be £1,500,000 .

The conditions were deliberately vague and even asked for suggestions regarding the siting of Westminster Bridge , although some work had already been carried out towards rebuilding the bridge on its existing site .
the conditions were deliberately vague and even asked for suggestions regarding the siting of westminster bridge , although some work had already been carried out towards rebuilding the bridge on its [being] site .

The advantages of such a close integration into the existing administration seems to have been obvious , as no doubt were those of a prominent site for a building which should be seen as the expression of a desire to give India a better government .
the advantages of such a close integration into the [being] administration seems to have been obvious , as no doubt were those of a prominent site for a building which should be seen as the expression of a desire to give india a better government .

Such disasters with heavy loss of life and the untold misery of injury and scarring for survivors , highlight the need for closer supervision of existing preventive strategies ; greater staff awareness of alarm and rescue measures ; and increasing vigilance on the part of companies and individuals to reduce human error .
such disasters with heavy loss of life and the untold misery of injury and scarring for survivors , highlight the need for closer supervision of [being] preventive strategies ; greater staff awareness of alarm and rescue measures ; and increasing vigilance on the part of companies and individuals to reduce human error .

In this way existing industrial areas increase in size .
in this way [being] industrial areas increase in size .

Imaginative play , Vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature “ adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations. ” 10 In helping children disengage thought from reality , pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking , in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to currently existing , real world conditions .
imaginative play , vygotsky noted , also functions as a bridge from the concrete thought of the preschool and early school years to mature “ adult thought , which can be totally free of real situations. ” 10 in helping children disengage thought from reality , pretend play is vital preparation for the much later development of abstract thinking , in which symbols are manipulated and hypothetical ideas are evaluated without referring to currently [being] , real world conditions .

Manufacturers and retailers that rely on international sourcing will therefore have to reassess the total costs associated with offshore production and revise existing arrangements .
manufacturers and retailers that rely on international sourcing will therefore have to reassess the total costs associated with offshore production and revise [being] arrangements .

Here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about ( 1 ) which products to make in each plant and ( 2 ) how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product.6 This analysis can help manufacturers allocate production among existing facilities .
here we will show how a decision tool can be used to make the transition from general intuition to specific decisions about ( 1 ) which products to make in each plant and ( 2 ) how to schedule the time and quantity of production for each product.6 this analysis can help manufacturers allocate production among [being] facilities .

For this analysis , we assume that that the two facilities already exist—that is , we do not evaluate the option of building a new plant or modifying an existing plant ( i.e. , we are seeking a solution to a short-run optimization problem . )
for this analysis , we assume that that the two facilities already exist—that is , we do not evaluate the option of building a new plant or modifying an [being] plant ( i.e. , we are seeking a solution to a short-run optimization problem . )

Most retailers have to make demand forecasts for products in two different categories : existing products for which historical sales data are available and new products with no selling history .
most retailers have to make demand forecasts for products in two different categories : [being] products for which historical sales data are available and new products with no selling history .

Once in Almy and Brown ’ s Pawtucket plant , Slater found the existing machinery totally unsatisfactory .
once in almy and brown ’ s pawtucket plant , slater found the [being] machinery totally unsatisfactory .

Although many apparel manufacturers do have in-house designers , most of the work of garment design comes in adjusting previous -patterns or small elements of existing garments—say , the trim or the fabric—and is more a matter of technical creation than a flight of fancy .
although many apparel manufacturers do have in-house designers , most of the work of garment design comes in adjusting previous -patterns or small elements of [being] garments—say , the trim or the fabric—and is more a matter of technical creation than a flight of fancy .

The software allows a manufacturer to take existing production markers and automatically “ compact ” the arrangement of pieces by translation or a combination of translation and allowable amounts of rotation.5 It automatically adjusts for changes in fabric width by moving the pieces to the left and up or down to fill the available width most efficiently .
the software allows a manufacturer to take [being] production markers and automatically “ compact ” the arrangement of pieces by translation or a combination of translation and allowable amounts of rotation.5 it automatically adjusts for changes in fabric width by moving the pieces to the left and up or down to fill the available width most efficiently .

The first modifies an existing apparel design in a few dimensions to improve its fit for an individual customer .
the first modifies an [being] apparel design in a few dimensions to improve its fit for an individual customer .

Sixty years after the opening of Wanamaker ’ s Philadelphia store , another entrepreneur synthesized a set of existing technologies and , along with a number of other retailers , began another revolution in the industry .
sixty years after the opening of wanamaker ’ s philadelphia store , another entrepreneur synthesized a set of [being] technologies and , along with a number of other retailers , began another revolution in the industry .

Although this may seem obvious today , Wanamaker shook up the existing retail world in the 1870s by seeking to understand his customers ’ preferences as a basis for making merchandising choices .
although this may seem obvious today , wanamaker shook up the [being] retail world in the 1870s by seeking to understand his customers ’ preferences as a basis for making merchandising choices .

Second , many multi-enterprise retailers either built large new stores or expanded the size of existing ones .
second , many multi-enterprise retailers either built large new stores or expanded the size of [being] ones .

Stirling vastly expands Moore ’ s eclecticism , combining a bewildering mixture of forms ; a Doric portico , a staid neoclassical wing that matches the existing museum , an Egyptian-looking curved cornice , a colorful Russian Constructivist entrance canopy , a curving steel-and-glass wall , and two huge blue ventilator funnels lifted straight from the Centre Georges Pompidou .
stirling vastly expands moore ’ s eclecticism , combining a bewildering mixture of forms ; a doric portico , a staid neoclassical wing that matches the [being] museum , an egyptian-looking curved cornice , a colorful russian constructivist entrance canopy , a curving steel-and-glass wall , and two huge blue ventilator funnels lifted straight from the centre georges pompidou .

It would not have overtaxed the legal imagination simply to incorporate the existing structure of the federal government into the new constitutional order .
it would not have overtaxed the legal imagination simply to incorporate the [being] structure of the federal government into the new constitutional order .

The mandate of equal justice for men and women requires that we inquire whether in light of the existing power structure , the participation of the women is really voluntary .
the mandate of equal justice for men and women requires that we inquire whether in light of the [being] power structure , the participation of the women is really voluntary .

Unjust private relationships do not cease existing just because one declares them not to exist .
unjust private relationships do not cease [being] just because one declares them not to exist .

New goods enter the economy , typically , as complements and substitutes for existing goods .
new goods enter the economy , typically , as complements and substitutes for [being] goods .

What are the statistics of the transformation of an economic web over time as new goods and services arise in the niches aorded by existing goods and services , and drive old goods and services extinct ?
what are the statistics of the transformation of an economic web over time as new goods and services arise in the niches aorded by [being] goods and services , and drive old goods and services extinct ?

Wynn ’ s demolition of the existing properties started a trend that , more than any other , describes Las Vegas at the end of the 20th century : removal of old properties in exchange for the potential of new ones .
wynn ’ s demolition of the [being] properties started a trend that , more than any other , describes las vegas at the end of the 20th century : removal of old properties in exchange for the potential of new ones .

The oldest part of the existing building , the central domed area , dates from 1120 .
the oldest part of the [being] building , the central domed area , dates from 1120 .

This was once decorated with a remarkable frieze depicting the Battle of the Gods and Giants , one of the finest existing examples of Hellenistic sculpture , which now resides in Berlin ’ s Pergamon Museum .
this was once decorated with a remarkable frieze depicting the battle of the gods and giants , one of the finest [being] examples of hellenistic sculpture , which now resides in berlin ’ s pergamon museum .

The stained-glass windows , one featuring a likeness of Margaret , were inserted into the existing openings in the 1920s .
the stained-glass windows , one featuring a likeness of margaret , were inserted into the [being] openings in the 1920s .

This new museum was built as an annex to the existing Royal Museum , a beautiful Victorian edifice with a large glass roof — much like a glass house .
this new museum was built as an annex to the [being] royal museum , a beautiful victorian edifice with a large glass roof — much like a glass house .

Weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the British government that led to the Balfour Declaration of 1917 , supporting the idea of a Jewish “ national home ” in Palestine that also respected the rights of existing non-Jewish people already living there .
weizmann was an important figure in the negotiations with the british government that led to the balfour declaration of 1917 , supporting the idea of a jewish “ national home ” in palestine that also respected the rights of [being] non-jewish people already living there .

Although China ’ s Basic Law promised that Hong Kong ’ s existing laws and civil liberties would be upheld , refugees began flowing the other way .
although china ’ s basic law promised that hong kong ’ s [being] laws and civil liberties would be upheld , refugees began flowing the other way .

Most of the major British Indian buildings prior to the 20th century were built not by an architect but by a soldier-engineer copying existing plans of buildings back home .
most of the major british indian buildings prior to the 20th century were built not by an architect but by a soldier-engineer copying [being] plans of buildings back home .

The Parsis base their elaborate code of ethics on the concept of a constant struggle existing between the forces of creation — that is , light and good — and those of darkness and evil .
the parsis base their elaborate code of ethics on the concept of a constant struggle [being] between the forces of creation — that is , light and good — and those of darkness and evil .

You will also be caught by the beauty of the many mosques , temples , churches , and shrines as the country ’ s faithful practice their beliefs , their places of homage often existing within steps of each other in harmony .
you will also be caught by the beauty of the many mosques , temples , churches , and shrines as the country ’ s faithful practice their beliefs , their places of homage often [being] within steps of each other in harmony .

When Celtic peoples crossed the Pyrenees in the first millennium b.c. , they intermarried with the existing Iberian population and built a series of hilltop fort communities or citânias , the finest example of which is at Briteiros ( see page 73 ) .
when celtic peoples crossed the pyrenees in the first millennium b.c. , they intermarried with the [being] iberian population and built a series of hilltop fort communities or citânias , the finest example of which is at briteiros ( see page 73 ) .

There are records of a town existing at Beijing as early as the Western Zhou Dynasty ( 1100–771 b.c .
there are records of a town [being] at beijing as early as the western zhou dynasty ( 1100–771 b.c .

US president John F. Kennedy imposed a naval blockade on the island to ensure no more missiles arrived and insisted that the existing ones be removed .
us president john f. kennedy imposed a naval blockade on the island to ensure no more missiles arrived and insisted that the [being] ones be removed .

They built no new mosques , preferring to convert existing churches , and left only a few houses .
they built no new mosques , preferring to convert [being] churches , and left only a few houses .

The U.S. Justice Department declined to renew those grants under new policies that direct the money to start-up programs instead of funding existing programs , Hamon said .
the u.s. justice department declined to renew those grants under new policies that direct the money to start-up programs instead of funding [being] programs , hamon said .

Like the Colorado report , it called for stronger enforcement of existing laws .
like the colorado report , it called for stronger enforcement of [being] laws .

The $ 175,000 requested would have allowed the legal aid groups to maintain a skeleton staff to continue providing help beyond emergency protective orders for victims , completing existing cases and offering services in limited cases .
the $ 175,000 requested would have allowed the legal aid groups to maintain a skeleton staff to continue providing help beyond emergency protective orders for victims , completing [being] cases and offering services in limited cases .

The advocates say the finding goes beyond existing law and is unrealistic because some renewed contacts often prove unavoidable in domestic abuse cases , which involve economic and family dependency and other complications of daily living .
the advocates say the finding goes beyond [being] law and is unrealistic because some renewed contacts often prove unavoidable in domestic abuse cases , which involve economic and family dependency and other complications of daily living .

Last week , a U.S. District Court judge refused to order an extension of the existing office 's federal funding as it fights the merger plan .
last week , a u.s. district court judge refused to order an extension of the [being] office 's federal funding as it fights the merger plan .

No other existing model is likely to be useful in the real-world setting of the typical emergency department .
no other [being] model is likely to be useful in the real-world setting of the typical emergency department .

For insured patients , counseling services are billable under existing CPT ( current procedural terminology ) codes when delivered by qualified staff .
for insured patients , counseling services are billable under [being] cpt ( current procedural terminology ) codes when delivered by qualified staff .

Therefore , protocols must be capable of being integrated into existing systems with available resources .
therefore , protocols must be capable of being integrated into [being] systems with available resources .

In any case , he observed , even in the existing randomized trials of interventions that use motivational interviewing , we can not evaluate the effect of counselors ' skill levels .
in any case , he observed , even in the [being] randomized trials of interventions that use motivational interviewing , we can not evaluate the effect of counselors ' skill levels .

Sommers suggested that some of these questions could be addressed by pooling data sets from existing clinical trials and hoped this conference would be a step in that direction .
sommers suggested that some of these questions could be addressed by pooling data sets from [being] clinical trials and hoped this conference would be a step in that direction .

Research questions : improving existing screening questionnaires We still need to find the most accurate test for ED use .
research questions : improving [being] screening questionnaires we still need to find the most accurate test for ed use .

Screening questions can be stand-alone or embedded into general health questionnaires or existing registration , physician , and nurse documentation .
screening questions can be stand-alone or embedded into general health questionnaires or [being] registration , physician , and nurse documentation .

Congress should also note that , as GAO has indicated in the past , agencies are already accorded in law significant flexibilities , especially with respect to human capital issues , but for a variety of reasons they do not always take advantage of them.17 DHS should use the these existing flexibilities and be given others in areas where Congress has done so with other agencies ( e.g. , TSA , Internal Revenue Service , DOD ) .
congress should also note that , as gao has indicated in the past , agencies are already accorded in law significant flexibilities , especially with respect to human capital issues , but for a variety of reasons they do not always take advantage of them.17 dhs should use the these [being] flexibilities and be given others in areas where congress has done so with other agencies ( e.g. , tsa , internal revenue service , dod ) .

Moreover , there must be a system to identify homeland security funds across the wide range of existing budget accounts and program activities .
moreover , there must be a system to identify homeland security funds across the wide range of [being] budget accounts and program activities .

Under the President 's proposal , 22 existing agencies and programs and 170,000 people would be integrated into the new department in order to strengthen the country 's defense against terrorism .
under the president 's proposal , 22 [being] agencies and programs and 170,000 people would be integrated into the new department in order to strengthen the country 's defense against terrorism .

At the same time , the need for speed to get the new department up and running must be balanced with the need to maintain readiness for new and existing threats during the transition period .
at the same time , the need for speed to get the new department up and running must be balanced with the need to maintain readiness for new and [being] threats during the transition period .

The CBO estimate assumes continuation of the existing multi-pay and retirement systems -- however unlikely -- and does not address the potential need to cross-train existing personnel .
the cbo estimate assumes continuation of the [being] multi-pay and retirement systems -- however unlikely -- and does not address the potential need to cross-train [being] personnel .

Although the purchase of new computer equipment , supplies and compatible information management systems are included , no estimates are provided for the cost to correct existing computer system deficiencies nor the resources to support some system redundancy for a period of time .
although the purchase of new computer equipment , supplies and compatible information management systems are included , no estimates are provided for the cost to correct [being] computer system deficiencies nor the resources to support some system redundancy for a period of time .

We have observed that modernizing performance management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and desired outcomes should be a top priority as agencies seek to transform their cultures in response to existing and emerging challenges and opportunities.1 Performance management systems in leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .
we have observed that modernizing performance management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and desired outcomes should be a top priority as agencies seek to transform their cultures in response to [being] and emerging challenges and opportunities.1 performance management systems in leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .

Customer feedback : Customer feedback can help senior executives determine customers ' needs and their levels of satisfaction with existing products and services .
customer feedback : customer feedback can help senior executives determine customers ' needs and their levels of satisfaction with [being] products and services .

In a large number of cases , key executives have been granted additional stock options or their existing options have been re-priced ( i.e. , lower strike price ) because of a decline in the market value of their company 's stock .
in a large number of cases , key executives have been granted additional stock options or their [being] options have been re-priced ( i.e. , lower strike price ) because of a decline in the market value of their company 's stock .

Too many existing civil sanctions are imposed directly or indirectly ( through company paid premiums on officers and directors insurance ) on the company and ultimately the shareholders .
too many [being] civil sanctions are imposed directly or indirectly ( through company paid premiums on officers and directors insurance ) on the company and ultimately the shareholders .

However , agency efforts to use COTS products have been hampered by the government 's failure to communicate requirements and functionality effectively to the vendors and a proclivity on the part of agencies to modify software to meet existing business processes and to replicate previous system functionality .
however , agency efforts to use cots products have been hampered by the government 's failure to communicate requirements and functionality effectively to the vendors and a proclivity on the part of agencies to modify software to meet [being] business processes and to replicate previous system functionality .

To encourage the use of COTS , OMB and JFMIP are working to improve ( 1 ) the testing and certification of COTS systems , ( 2 ) existing procurement schedules , and ( 3 ) processes to obtain COTS systems .
to encourage the use of cots , omb and jfmip are working to improve ( 1 ) the testing and certification of cots systems , ( 2 ) [being] procurement schedules , and ( 3 ) processes to obtain cots systems .

The increased size of federal programs , spending pressures , implementation of new programs , and changes in existing programs all but guarantee that , absent improvements in internal controls and other proactive actions , the potential for additional or larger volumes of improper payments will be present .
the increased size of federal programs , spending pressures , implementation of new programs , and changes in [being] programs all but guarantee that , absent improvements in internal controls and other proactive actions , the potential for additional or larger volumes of improper payments will be present .

This focus on internal controls does not necessarily mean that the programs lacked controls but that the existing controls needed to be updated or policies and procedures added to strengthen the overall control system .
this focus on internal controls does not necessarily mean that the programs lacked controls but that the [being] controls needed to be updated or policies and procedures added to strengthen the overall control system .

In the latter case , Centrelink provides these employers with materials to distribute to existing and new employees who are receiving benefits from Centrelink .
in the latter case , centrelink provides these employers with materials to distribute to [being] and new employees who are receiving benefits from centrelink .

This approach not only provides periodic estimates of payment and service accuracy rates to help measure the results of existing enforcement and detection efforts , but also helps deter future erroneous and fraudulent billings .
this approach not only provides periodic estimates of payment and service accuracy rates to help measure the results of [being] enforcement and detection efforts , but also helps deter future erroneous and fraudulent billings .

Agencies used various mechanisms to develop strategic plans , gather feedback from internal stakeholders for identifying gaps in existing strategic plans , and obtain employee input and feedback .
agencies used various mechanisms to develop strategic plans , gather feedback from internal stakeholders for identifying gaps in [being] strategic plans , and obtain employee input and feedback .

One of the components of the plan was to provide an existing group of CSRS benefits specialists with cross training in FERS claims adjudication .
one of the components of the plan was to provide an [being] group of csrs benefits specialists with cross training in fers claims adjudication .

The opening segments describe the problem of weak information security at federal agencies , identify existing federal guidance , and describe the issue of information security management in the context of other information technology management issues .
the opening segments describe the problem of weak information security at federal agencies , identify [being] federal guidance , and describe the issue of information security management in the context of other information technology management issues .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the [being] security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

We also recognize that the practices require customized application at individual organizations depending on factors such as existing organizational strengths and weaknesses .
we also recognize that the practices require customized application at individual organizations depending on factors such as [being] organizational strengths and weaknesses .

The effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be modified .
the effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if [being] policies and controls needed to be modified .

Individual agency priorities for adopting the practices will vary depending on their existing security programs .
individual agency priorities for adopting the practices will vary depending on their [being] security programs .

Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .
regardless of whether they were analyzing [being] or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .

Despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored .
despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and [being] applications were explored .

Such changing factors include threats , systems technologies and configurations , known vulnerabilities in existing software , the level of reliance on automated systems and electronic data , and the sensitivity of such operations and data .
such changing factors include threats , systems technologies and configurations , known vulnerabilities in [being] software , the level of reliance on automated systems and electronic data , and the sensitivity of such operations and data .

Existing Federal Guidance Provides a Framework for Implementing Risk Management Practices OMB 's 1996 revision of Circular A-130 , Appendix III , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .
[being] federal guidance provides a framework for implementing risk management practices omb 's 1996 revision of circular a-130 , appendix iii , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .

Similarly , the concept of holding program managers accountable underlies the existing federal process for accrediting systems for use .
similarly , the concept of holding program managers accountable underlies the [being] federal process for accrediting systems for use .

Each of the organizations we studied had adopted this view and , within the last few years , primarily since 1993 , had established a central security management group or reoriented an existing central security group to facilitate and oversee the organization 's information security activities .
each of the organizations we studied had adopted this view and , within the last few years , primarily since 1993 , had established a central security management group or reoriented an [being] central security group to facilitate and oversee the organization 's information security activities .

By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .
by coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of [being] policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .

When weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .
when weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with [being] policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .

An interpretation is a document of narrow scope that provides clarifications of original meaning , additional definitions , or other guidance pertaining to an existing SFFAS .
an interpretation is a document of narrow scope that provides clarifications of original meaning , additional definitions , or other guidance pertaining to an [being] sffas .

The Board has chosen to call this RSSI to distinguish it from `` required supplementary information '' ( RSI ) , for which audit responsibilities are prescribed in existing professional literature .
the board has chosen to call this rssi to distinguish it from `` required supplementary information '' ( rsi ) , for which audit responsibilities are prescribed in [being] professional literature .

Although the Federal Government holds vast amounts of `` proven '' and `` inferred '' natural resources , the major reasons for addressing only surface land in this project were ( 1 ) the allotted time frame within which to complete this standard ; ( 2 ) existing studies that point out the difficulties and the complexities of accurately estimating and valuing natural resources ; and ( 3 ) disputes regarding the boundaries of the outer-continental shelf .
although the federal government holds vast amounts of `` proven '' and `` inferred '' natural resources , the major reasons for addressing only surface land in this project were ( 1 ) the allotted time frame within which to complete this standard ; ( 2 ) [being] studies that point out the difficulties and the complexities of accurately estimating and valuing natural resources ; and ( 3 ) disputes regarding the boundaries of the outer-continental shelf .

In some cases , land may be acquired along with existing structures .
in some cases , land may be acquired along with [being] structures .

CONTINGENCY - An existing condition , situation , or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible gain or loss to an entity that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur .
contingency - an [being] condition , situation , or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible gain or loss to an entity that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur .

Fixed cost information is useful for cost savings by adjusting existing capacity , or by eliminating idle facilities .
fixed cost information is useful for cost savings by adjusting [being] capacity , or by eliminating idle facilities .

Direct modifications are actions that change the subsidy cost by altering the terms of existing contracts or by selling loan assets .
direct modifications are actions that change the subsidy cost by altering the terms of [being] contracts or by selling loan assets .

The term modification does not include subsidy cost reestimates , the routine administrative workouts of troubled loans , and actions that are permitted within the existing contract terms .
the term modification does not include subsidy cost reestimates , the routine administrative workouts of troubled loans , and actions that are permitted within the [being] contract terms .

This rule amends existing rules and forms for domestic and foreign issuers to clarify and expand disclosure requirements for market risk sensitive instruments .
this rule amends [being] rules and forms for domestic and foreign issuers to clarify and expand disclosure requirements for market risk sensitive instruments .

The amendments expand existing disclosure requirements to include quantitative and qualitative information about market risk inherent in market risk sensitive instruments and provide safe harbor protection to this information .
the amendments expand [being] disclosure requirements to include quantitative and qualitative information about market risk inherent in market risk sensitive instruments and provide safe harbor protection to this information .

It states that the proposed rule does not conflict or overlap with existing requirements , but rather tailors them for specific purposes .
it states that the proposed rule does not conflict or overlap with [being] requirements , but rather tailors them for specific purposes .

It also states that the accounting policies required by the new rule are clarifications of existing requirements and should not require any additional recordkeeping or bookkeeping .
it also states that the accounting policies required by the new rule are clarifications of [being] requirements and should not require any additional recordkeeping or bookkeeping .

To fill this need , NHTSA developed data collection systems derived from existing data sources and has taken steps to ensure the completeness , accuracy , and consistency of these data .
to fill this need , nhtsa developed data collection systems derived from [being] data sources and has taken steps to ensure the completeness , accuracy , and consistency of these data .

State employees obtain data solely from each state 's existing documents-including police accident reports , vehicle registration files , and vital statistics records-and then enter them into a central computer database .
state employees obtain data solely from each state 's [being] documents-including police accident reports , vehicle registration files , and vital statistics records-and then enter them into a central computer database .

All of this reform activity needs to be integrated , as the CFO Council urged in May 1995 : Existing planning , budgeting , program evaluation and fiscal accountability processes should be integrated with GPRA requirements to ensure consistency and reduce duplication of effort .
all of this reform activity needs to be integrated , as the cfo council urged in may 1995 : [being] planning , budgeting , program evaluation and fiscal accountability processes should be integrated with gpra requirements to ensure consistency and reduce duplication of effort .

As discussed below , the proposed rule would modify an existing reporting requirement applicable to all hospitals serving Medicare beneficiaries .
as discussed below , the proposed rule would modify an [being] reporting requirement applicable to all hospitals serving medicare beneficiaries .

HCFA did not discuss its proposed modification of an existing reporting requirement in the analysis , as described in section 604 ( a ) ( 4 ) , but in the preamble .
hcfa did not discuss its proposed modification of an [being] reporting requirement in the analysis , as described in section 604 ( a ) ( 4 ) , but in the preamble .

The Report and Order also eliminates an exception to an existing rule which permitted cellular licensees under some circumstances to restrict resale by their licensed cellular competitors .
the report and order also eliminates an exception to an [being] rule which permitted cellular licensees under some circumstances to restrict resale by their licensed cellular competitors .

It provides that the Comptroller General `` shall evaluate the results of a program or activity the Government carries out under existing law . ''
it provides that the comptroller general `` shall evaluate the results of a program or activity the government carries out under [being] law . ''

As we explained in our June 22 letter , the Counsel failed to supply any evidence from the statutory language , legislative history , or case law to support the assertion that Congress intended the phrase `` existing law '' to exclude the Constitution , the highest law of the land .
as we explained in our june 22 letter , the counsel failed to supply any evidence from the statutory language , legislative history , or case law to support the assertion that congress intended the phrase `` [being] law '' to exclude the constitution , the highest law of the land .

The engagement team generally should not finalize the audit plan or issue a commitment letter until it has done initial testing and reviewed existing information about the data and the system that produces the data .
the engagement team generally should not finalize the audit plan or issue a commitment letter until it has done initial testing and reviewed [being] information about the data and the system that produces the data .

Section 6 : Taking the Steps Reviewing Existing Information The data reliability process begins with two relatively simple steps .
section 6 : taking the steps reviewing [being] information the data reliability process begins with two relatively simple steps .

The first step-a review of existing information-helps you to determine what is already known about the data and the computer processing .
the first step-a review of [being] information-helps you to determine what is already known about the data and the computer processing .

Despite a short time frame , you may have time to review existing information and carry out testing of data that are critical for answering a research question , for example : You can question knowledgeable agency staff about data reliability or review existing GAO or Inspector General reports to quickly gather information about data reliability issues .
despite a short time frame , you may have time to review [being] information and carry out testing of data that are critical for answering a research question , for example : you can question knowledgeable agency staff about data reliability or review [being] gao or inspector general reports to quickly gather information about data reliability issues .

They should have the results from the ( 1 ) review of all available existing information about the data and the system that produced them and ( 2 ) initial testing of the critical data elements .
they should have the results from the ( 1 ) review of all available [being] information about the data and the system that produced them and ( 2 ) initial testing of the critical data elements .

Participants stated that the existing system for identifying board members might not always be attracting the `` right people . ''
participants stated that the [being] system for identifying board members might not always be attracting the `` right people . ''

Participants generally believed that the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 should be implemented and assessed before the Congress should consider adding any new legislative requirements ; however , participants agreed that much can and should be done by other responsible parties , such as by regulatory and self-regulatory bodies , within their existing authority .
participants generally believed that the provisions of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 should be implemented and assessed before the congress should consider adding any new legislative requirements ; however , participants agreed that much can and should be done by other responsible parties , such as by regulatory and self-regulatory bodies , within their [being] authority .

Participants raised the question whether the current system of selecting directors needs to be reexamined because the existing system from a shareholders ' point of view has not been working to get the right people on boards .
participants raised the question whether the current system of selecting directors needs to be reexamined because the [being] system from a shareholders ' point of view has not been working to get the right people on boards .

Current Financial Reporting Model Has Limited Value in Today 's Business Environment Some participants agreed that financial statements are an important aspect of overall business reporting , but were concerned that the existing model focuses too much on financial statements rather than on the broad range of information that is needed by investors to make good financial decisions .
current financial reporting model has limited value in today 's business environment some participants agreed that financial statements are an important aspect of overall business reporting , but were concerned that the [being] model focuses too much on financial statements rather than on the broad range of information that is needed by investors to make good financial decisions .

To carry out its important function of restoring investor confidence , the SEC may not always be able to attract the right people and retain them under the existing structure .
to carry out its important function of restoring investor confidence , the sec may not always be able to attract the right people and retain them under the [being] structure .

Participants questioned whether , given the current funding restraints , existing models for generating revenues for the SEC were workable .
participants questioned whether , given the current funding restraints , [being] models for generating revenues for the sec were workable .

Reconsidering the Existing Approach to Enforcement Actions to Restore Public Confidence activities , attract the best people , and enhance its technology to more efficiently and effectively operate .
reconsidering the [being] approach to enforcement actions to restore public confidence activities , attract the best people , and enhance its technology to more efficiently and effectively operate .

Some participants believed that the existing inspection process could be improved by looking less at the accounting firms ' internal systems for quality control and more at the quality of the judgments that were made by the auditors in conducting the audit .
some participants believed that the [being] inspection process could be improved by looking less at the accounting firms ' internal systems for quality control and more at the quality of the judgments that were made by the auditors in conducting the audit .

The analysis indicates that 6,300 firms submitting 42,500 reports annually will be added by the rule to the 360 facilities in the existing manufacturing sector submitting 3,600 reports for a total compliance cost of $ 226 million for the first year , declining to $ 143 million in subsequent years .
the analysis indicates that 6,300 firms submitting 42,500 reports annually will be added by the rule to the 360 facilities in the [being] manufacturing sector submitting 3,600 reports for a total compliance cost of $ 226 million for the first year , declining to $ 143 million in subsequent years .

Benefits are not monetarily quantified because of the lack of any existing methodology to do so .
benefits are not monetarily quantified because of the lack of any [being] methodology to do so .

Specifically , in the payment processing area , agencies have redesigned or improved existing systems and have formally requested GAO 's views on the quality of internal control designed into the new or modified systems .
specifically , in the payment processing area , agencies have redesigned or improved [being] systems and have formally requested gao 's views on the quality of internal control designed into the new or modified systems .

Title 7 provisions form the basis for our positions developed in response to agencies ' requests for our views on proposed new payment systems or modifications to streamline the operations of existing systems .
title 7 provisions form the basis for our positions developed in response to agencies ' requests for our views on proposed new payment systems or modifications to streamline the operations of [being] systems .

Several agencies asked whether certain changes to their existing payment process complied with the internal control requirements of Title 7 .
several agencies asked whether certain changes to their [being] payment process complied with the internal control requirements of title 7 .

Both programs developed products that evolved from existing versions , making the design challenge more manageable .
both programs developed products that evolved from [being] versions , making the design challenge more manageable .

For example , the AIM-9X and F/A-18 E/F programs were evolutionary in nature , modifications of existing products with a manageable amount of new technological or design challenges .
for example , the aim-9x and f/a-18 e/f programs were evolutionary in nature , modifications of [being] products with a manageable amount of new technological or design challenges .

Of the five DOD programs we reviewed , two-the F/A-18-E/F and the AIM-9X-were variations of existing products-the F/A-18-C/D and the AIM-9M-and the programs made a commitment to use existing technologies and processes as much as possible .
of the five dod programs we reviewed , two-the f/a-18-e/f and the aim-9x-were variations of [being] products-the f/a-18-c/d and the aim-9m-and the programs made a commitment to use [being] technologies and processes as much as possible .

To ensure that the product 's design was stable before deciding to commit additional resources to product demonstration , commercial companies demanded knowledge , either from existing product information or by building engineering prototypes .
to ensure that the product 's design was stable before deciding to commit additional resources to product demonstration , commercial companies demanded knowledge , either from [being] product information or by building engineering prototypes .

For a new product that is not based on an existing product , prototypes are built and tested .
for a new product that is not based on an [being] product , prototypes are built and tested .

If the product is a variant of an existing product , companies often used modeling and simulation or prototypes at the component or subsystem level to demonstrate the new product 's design .
if the product is a variant of an [being] product , companies often used modeling and simulation or prototypes at the component or subsystem level to demonstrate the new product 's design .

If the product under development was an incremental improvement to existing products , such as the next generation of a printer or engine , these companies used virtual prototypes for any components that were being used for the first time .
if the product under development was an incremental improvement to [being] products , such as the next generation of a printer or engine , these companies used virtual prototypes for any components that were being used for the first time .

Cummins built and tested 12 engineering concept prototype engines for its Signature 600 engine , a new concept , 600 horsepower , Disciplined Reviews and Stakeholder Agreements Supported the Capture of Design Knowledge overhead cam diesel engine that represented a quantum leap in performance beyond Cummins ' existing products .
cummins built and tested 12 engineering concept prototype engines for its signature 600 engine , a new concept , 600 horsepower , disciplined reviews and stakeholder agreements supported the capture of design knowledge overhead cam diesel engine that represented a quantum leap in performance beyond cummins ' [being] products .

That is , it tries to develop new products that increase the capabilities of existing product lines , but it limits the amount of new content on any one product development because new content inherently increases design risk .
that is , it tries to develop new products that increase the capabilities of [being] product lines , but it limits the amount of new content on any one product development because new content inherently increases design risk .

In evolving its products this way , Caterpillar is able to use modeling and simulation prior to initial manufacturing because it has existing products to provide a baseline of knowledge and a good benchmark for assessing the simulated performance .
in evolving its products this way , caterpillar is able to use modeling and simulation prior to initial manufacturing because it has [being] products to provide a baseline of knowledge and a good benchmark for assessing the simulated performance .

In addition , with knowledge of existing components , it can focus attention on maturing the new content , the higher risk element of the new product .
in addition , with knowledge of [being] components , it can focus attention on maturing the new content , the higher risk element of the new product .

Page 41 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Executive Level Reviews Are Conducted to Begin Production high and the goal can not be achieved on time , decision makers assess trade-offs between new and existing components to reduce the risks to a more manageable level .
page 41 gao-02-701 best practices executive level reviews are conducted to begin production high and the goal can not be achieved on time , decision makers assess trade-offs between new and [being] components to reduce the risks to a more manageable level .

Improving Nursing Home Quality of Care : The Health Care Financing Administration ( HCFA ) and several states-including California , Maryland , and Michigan-improved their oversight and enforcement of nursing homes ' quality of care standards in response to GAO 's recommendations highlighting weaknesses in existing processes .
improving nursing home quality of care : the health care financing administration ( hcfa ) and several states-including california , maryland , and michigan-improved their oversight and enforcement of nursing homes ' quality of care standards in response to gao 's recommendations highlighting weaknesses in [being] processes .

BUDGET REQUEST CRITICAL TO SUSTAINING EXISTING LEVEL OF SERVICE TO THE CONGRESS The resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for GAO services .
budget request critical to sustaining [being] level of service to the congress the resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to addressing our human capital and information technology challenges and ensuring our ability to effectively meet the increasing congressional requests for gao services .

We need to aggressively continue our efforts to hire new staff , develop existing staff , and otherwise build the future GAO .
we need to aggressively continue our efforts to hire new staff , develop [being] staff , and otherwise build the future gao .

Given the extensiveness of the proposed revisions , we plan to issue a new version of GAGAS that will incorporate existing amendments .
given the extensiveness of the proposed revisions , we plan to issue a new version of gagas that will incorporate [being] amendments .

They would also include comparing existing assets with the related records at reasonable intervals and taking appropriate action with respect to any differences .
they would also include comparing [being] assets with the related records at reasonable intervals and taking appropriate action with respect to any differences .

Auditors may be able to overcome such limitations by using staff from any existing local field offices of the audit entity or by engaging consultants with the necessary expertise .
auditors may be able to overcome such limitations by using staff from any [being] local field offices of the audit entity or by engaging consultants with the necessary expertise .

Information sources include original data gathered by auditors and existing data gathered by either management or a third party .
information sources include original data gathered by auditors and [being] data gathered by either management or a third party .

The opening segments describe the problem of weak information security at federal agencies , identify existing federal guidance , and describe the issue of information security management in the context of other information technology management issues .
the opening segments describe the problem of weak information security at federal agencies , identify [being] federal guidance , and describe the issue of information security management in the context of other information technology management issues .

Initiatives that we suggested for the CIO Council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the existing security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as Internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .
initiatives that we suggested for the cio council to consider incorporating in its strategic plan included developing information on the [being] security risks associated with nonclassified systems currently in use , developing information on the risks associated with evolving practices , such as internet use , identifying best practices regarding information security programs so that they can be adopted by federal agencies , establishing a program for reviewing the adequacy of individual agency information security programs using interagency teams of reviewers , ensuring adequate review coverage of agency information security practices by considering the scope of various types of audits and reviews performed and acting to address any identified gaps in coverage , developing or identifying training and certification programs that could be shared among agencies , and identifying proven security tools and techniques .

We also recognize that the practices require customized application at individual organizations depending on factors such as existing organizational strengths and weaknesses .
we also recognize that the practices require customized application at individual organizations depending on factors such as [being] organizational strengths and weaknesses .

The effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if existing policies and controls needed to be modified .
the effectiveness of controls and awareness activities was then monitored through various analyses , evaluations , and audits , and the results provided input to subsequent risk assessments , which determined if [being] policies and controls needed to be modified .

Individual agency priorities for adopting the practices will vary depending on their existing security programs .
individual agency priorities for adopting the practices will vary depending on their [being] security programs .

Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .
regardless of whether they were analyzing [being] or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .

Despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and existing applications were explored .
despite their inability to precisely compare the costs of controls with reductions in risk , the organizations said that risk assessments still served their primary purpose of ensuring that the risk implications of new and [being] applications were explored .

Such changing factors include threats , systems technologies and configurations , known vulnerabilities in existing software , the level of reliance on automated systems and electronic data , and the sensitivity of such operations and data .
such changing factors include threats , systems technologies and configurations , known vulnerabilities in [being] software , the level of reliance on automated systems and electronic data , and the sensitivity of such operations and data .

Existing Federal Guidance Provides a Framework for Implementing Risk Management Practices OMB 's 1996 revision of Circular A-130 , Appendix III , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .
[being] federal guidance provides a framework for implementing risk management practices omb 's 1996 revision of circular a-130 , appendix iii , recognizes that federal agencies have had difficulty in performing effective risk assessments -- expending resources on complex assessments of specific risks with limited tangible benefits in terms of improved security .

Similarly , the concept of holding program managers accountable underlies the existing federal process for accrediting systems for use .
similarly , the concept of holding program managers accountable underlies the [being] federal process for accrediting systems for use .

Each of the organizations we studied had adopted this view and , within the last few years , primarily since 1993 , had established a central security management group or reoriented an existing central security group to facilitate and oversee the organization 's information security activities .
each of the organizations we studied had adopted this view and , within the last few years , primarily since 1993 , had established a central security management group or reoriented an [being] central security group to facilitate and oversee the organization 's information security activities .

By coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of existing policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .
by coordinating policy development and awareness activities in this manner , she helps ensure that new risks and policies are communicated promptly and that employees are periodically reminded of [being] policies through means such as monthly bulletins , an intranet web site , and presentations to new employees .

When weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .
when weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with [being] policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .

Small railroads are exempt from the Tier 0 remanufacturing requirements for their existing fleets and the railroad inuse test program included in the rule only applies to Class I freight railroads , thus exempting all small railroads from the requirement .
small railroads are exempt from the tier 0 remanufacturing requirements for their [being] fleets and the railroad inuse test program included in the rule only applies to class i freight railroads , thus exempting all small railroads from the requirement .

Through consultation with key congressional leaders , members , and staff , we also have developed a set of clearly defined , well documented , and transparent protocols , intended to be consistently applied in setting priorities , allocating resources , recognizing existing commitments , and serving the Congress .
through consultation with key congressional leaders , members , and staff , we also have developed a set of clearly defined , well documented , and transparent protocols , intended to be consistently applied in setting priorities , allocating resources , recognizing [being] commitments , and serving the congress .

For example , some organizations allowed nonmembers to participate only if the organization invited them or an existing member invited and escorted them .
for example , some organizations allowed nonmembers to participate only if the organization invited them or an [being] member invited and escorted them .

For example , one organization solicited suggestions about how to improve existing databases and what new databases were needed by the members .
for example , one organization solicited suggestions about how to improve [being] databases and what new databases were needed by the members .

In some cases , members initially participated because of an existing trust relationship with individual leaders or sponsors , and it was a challenge to keep them returning until they saw value in participating and had built trust with other members .
in some cases , members initially participated because of an [being] trust relationship with individual leaders or sponsors , and it was a challenge to keep them returning until they saw value in participating and had built trust with other members .

In addition , some members of federally sponsored organizations expressed the concern that members ' potentially sensitive information voluntarily shared with federal entities could be required to be made publicly available under provisions of the Freedom of Information Act , despite existing exemptions for sensitive or proprietary information .
in addition , some members of federally sponsored organizations expressed the concern that members ' potentially sensitive information voluntarily shared with federal entities could be required to be made publicly available under provisions of the freedom of information act , despite [being] exemptions for sensitive or proprietary information .

The analysis contains tables which show the annual cost from 1998 , the effective date of the rule , until the year 2051 , by which the EPA expects the entire existing fleet of these engines to have been replaced , to be $ 15.5 million to $ 336.2 million , respectively .
the analysis contains tables which show the annual cost from 1998 , the effective date of the rule , until the year 2051 , by which the epa expects the entire [being] fleet of these engines to have been replaced , to be $ 15.5 million to $ 336.2 million , respectively .

In designing and implementing new T & A systems or components of existing systems , management should strive for costbeneficial systems and related internal control .
in designing and implementing new t & a systems or components of [being] systems , management should strive for costbeneficial systems and related internal control .

VA supplied to the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs a planned regulatory action document that described the reason for the amendment to existing VA regulations and also assessed the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .
va supplied to the office of information and regulatory affairs a planned regulatory action document that described the reason for the amendment to [being] va regulations and also assessed the costs and budgetary impact of the rule .

Page 2 1024627 Section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( B ) requires agencies to make every reasonable effort to ensure that the regulation specifies in clear language the effect on existing Federal law or regulation .
page 2 1024627 section 3 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( b ) requires agencies to make every reasonable effort to ensure that the regulation specifies in clear language the effect on [being] federal law or regulation .

We are in the vanguard of the federal government 's efforts to modernize existing human capital strategies and we are committed to staying in this position .
we are in the vanguard of the federal government 's efforts to modernize [being] human capital strategies and we are committed to staying in this position .

We all need to seize the momentum that has recently emerged-agencies must use existing authorities to strategically manage their people ; Congress needs to consider some statutory changes in the short term ; and all interested parties need to work together toward enactment of more comprehensive civil service reform over time .
we all need to seize the momentum that has recently emerged-agencies must use [being] authorities to strategically manage their people ; congress needs to consider some statutory changes in the short term ; and all interested parties need to work together toward enactment of more comprehensive civil service reform over time .

The EOIR states that the provisions of the interim rule will require additional immigration judges , Immigration Court presence at existing INS detention centers , and construction of new Immigration Courts at new detention facilities .
the eoir states that the provisions of the interim rule will require additional immigration judges , immigration court presence at [being] ins detention centers , and construction of new immigration courts at new detention facilities .

The restriction on event sponsorship and manufacturers ' compliance with existing device registration and listing requirements and good manufacturing practice requirements will become effective 2 years from publication .
the restriction on event sponsorship and manufacturers ' compliance with [being] device registration and listing requirements and good manufacturing practice requirements will become effective 2 years from publication .

The final rule revises existing current good manufacturing practice requirements for medical devices and incorporates them into a quality system regulation .
the final rule revises [being] current good manufacturing practice requirements for medical devices and incorporates them into a quality system regulation .

Agencies are increasingly using outside consultants to provide technical expertise for the planning and design phases of both new projects and major renovations of existing facilities .
agencies are increasingly using outside consultants to provide technical expertise for the planning and design phases of both new projects and major renovations of [being] facilities .

It is estimated that the Agencies government spends about $ 20 billion per year for new facilities and major renovations of existing facilities .
it is estimated that the agencies government spends about $ 20 billion per year for new facilities and major renovations of [being] facilities .

Existing system architecture and functions to besupported ( i.e. , description , cost , volume of work , projected growth ) .
[being] system architecture and functions to besupported ( i.e. , description , cost , volume of work , projected growth ) .

This description should include all the functions of the existing system that any new system will have to perform .
this description should include all the functions of the [being] system that any new system will have to perform .

If the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with existing equipment , verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions .
if the plan calls for limiting the acquisition to resources compatible with [being] equipment , verify that conversion cost studies have been completed to justify compatibility restrictions .

Interview system operators and users to determineif the system has been successfully integrated into the existing environment .
interview system operators and users to determineif the system has been successfully integrated into the [being] environment .

The Administrator of the General Services Administration would be expected to prescribe regulations under existing authority in 5 U.S.C .
the administrator of the general services administration would be expected to prescribe regulations under [being] authority in 5 u.s.c .

The Secretaries of the services concerned under existing authority in 37 U.S.C .
the secretaries of the services concerned under [being] authority in 37 u.s.c .

For a second example , if we were asked to study the safety of nuclear plants in general , we might select as our method a survey of self-reported compliance with safeguards in all existing plants .
for a second example , if we were asked to study the safety of nuclear plants in general , we might select as our method a survey of self-reported compliance with safeguards in all [being] plants .

Criterion is less clear : what would be sufficient under present conditions and with existing and possible technologies ?
criterion is less clear : what would be sufficient under present conditions and with [being] and possible technologies ?

The user may prefer to sacrifice in-depth information for generalizability and we will have to use other methods , such as surveys or secondary analysis of existing data .
the user may prefer to sacrifice in-depth information for generalizability and we will have to use other methods , such as surveys or secondary analysis of [being] data .

There was usually only one research investigator , and the data consisted of descriptions , observations , impressions , unstructured interviews , and existing materials gathered at the site that were organized intuitively and informally .
there was usually only one research investigator , and the data consisted of descriptions , observations , impressions , unstructured interviews , and [being] materials gathered at the site that were organized intuitively and informally .

Even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 ( k ) saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not reflect gains on existing assets-has declined .
even as more people are accumulating balances through employer-sponsored 401 ( k ) saving plans and individual retirement accounts , personal saving-which does not reflect gains on [being] assets-has declined .

Strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its existing assets do not contribute to saving as measured in NIPA .
strange as it may seem to the typical household , capital gains on its [being] assets do not contribute to saving as measured in nipa .

That is because capital gains reflect a revaluation of the nation 's existing capital stock and do not provide resources for financing investment that adds to the capital stock .
that is because capital gains reflect a revaluation of the nation 's [being] capital stock and do not provide resources for financing investment that adds to the capital stock .

Although an individual household can tap its wealth by selling assets to finance consumption or accumulate other assets , the sale of an existing asset merely transfers ownership ; it does not generate new economic output .
although an individual household can tap its wealth by selling assets to finance consumption or accumulate other assets , the sale of an [being] asset merely transfers ownership ; it does not generate new economic output .

A negative saving rate means that , in aggregate , households are spending more than their current income by drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing .
a negative saving rate means that , in aggregate , households are spending more than their current income by drawing down past saving , selling [being] assets , or borrowing .

Since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' existing assets ( see figure 1.2 ) .
since the mid 1990s , aggregate household wealth has swelled relative to disposable personal income , largely due to increases in the market value of households ' [being] assets ( see figure 1.2 ) .

Nipa focuses on the incomes arising from current production of goods and services and , thus , does not count revaluation of existing assets in national saving .
nipa focuses on the incomes arising from current production of goods and services and , thus , does not count revaluation of [being] assets in national saving .

Changes in the market value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land and stocks , reflect expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital , but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real , permanent changes in the nation 's productive capacity .
changes in the market value of [being] tangible and financial assets , such as land and stocks , reflect expectations about the productive potential of the underlying capital , but fluctuations in asset values may not represent real , permanent changes in the nation 's productive capacity .

NIPA personal spending includes , for example , food , clothing , rent , utilities , and medical care ; consumer interest payments ; and consumer durables , such as cars and major appliances.4 Strange as it may seem to the average household , changes in the value of existing assets , such as stocks , bonds , or real estate , do not contribute to NIPA personal income and saving .
nipa personal spending includes , for example , food , clothing , rent , utilities , and medical care ; consumer interest payments ; and consumer durables , such as cars and major appliances.4 strange as it may seem to the average household , changes in the value of [being] assets , such as stocks , bonds , or real estate , do not contribute to nipa personal income and saving .

That is because capital gains reflect a revaluation of the nation 's existing capital stock and do not provide resources for financing investment that adds to the capital stock .
that is because capital gains reflect a revaluation of the nation 's [being] capital stock and do not provide resources for financing investment that adds to the capital stock .

Both the NIPA and FFA macroeconomic measures focus on saving from the economy 's current production and do not include changes in the market value of households ' existing portfolios .
both the nipa and ffa macroeconomic measures focus on saving from the economy 's current production and do not include changes in the market value of households ' [being] portfolios .

Given that the personal saving rate is an aggregate measure , some individuals might be saving a lot even while others are drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing to finance their current consumption .
given that the personal saving rate is an aggregate measure , some individuals might be saving a lot even while others are drawing down past saving , selling [being] assets , or borrowing to finance their current consumption .

One way to measure households ' wealth is net worth , or the difference between households ' assets and their liabilities.6 The change in households ' net worth is broader than the NIPA or FFA measures of personal saving and includes both the flow of saving from current income plus any increase ( or decrease ) in the market value of existing assets such as houses and stocks .
one way to measure households ' wealth is net worth , or the difference between households ' assets and their liabilities.6 the change in households ' net worth is broader than the nipa or ffa measures of personal saving and includes both the flow of saving from current income plus any increase ( or decrease ) in the market value of [being] assets such as houses and stocks .

For the economy as a whole , however , the change in households ' net worth due to revaluation of households ' existing assets does not represent resources available to invest in the nation 's capital stock.7 A1.3 .
for the economy as a whole , however , the change in households ' net worth due to revaluation of households ' [being] assets does not represent resources available to invest in the nation 's capital stock.7 a1.3 .

For further discussion of whether revaluation of existing assets counts as saving , see questions 1.7 and 2.4 .
for further discussion of whether revaluation of [being] assets counts as saving , see questions 1.7 and 2.4 .

People may have saved less because they were confident about future income prospects , and households were wealthier because of gains on their existing assets .
people may have saved less because they were confident about future income prospects , and households were wealthier because of gains on their [being] assets .

The flow of saving is essential to accumulating a stock of wealth-as a general rule someone who never saves will have no wealth.20 Conversely , dissaving-spending more than current income-reduces the stock of wealth because amounts saved in the past must be drawn down , existing assets sold , or borrowing increased .
the flow of saving is essential to accumulating a stock of wealth-as a general rule someone who never saves will have no wealth.20 conversely , dissaving-spending more than current income-reduces the stock of wealth because amounts saved in the past must be drawn down , [being] assets sold , or borrowing increased .

In other words , when households ' existing assets increase in value , people can save less from current income and still achieve their wealth-income target .
in other words , when households ' [being] assets increase in value , people can save less from current income and still achieve their wealth-income target .

If households ' existing assets lose value , people have to save more to attain their wealth-income target .
if households ' [being] assets lose value , people have to save more to attain their wealth-income target .

For example , gains on existing assets reduce the amount of an employer 's contribution necessary to fund its pension liability .
for example , gains on [being] assets reduce the amount of an employer 's contribution necessary to fund its pension liability .

Recent research estimated that the growth in households ' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the increase in the nominal value of existing assets .
recent research estimated that the growth in households ' aggregate net worth over the 1960s and during the early 1990s was roughly equally divided between traditional saving and the increase in the nominal value of [being] assets .

Over the 1970s and 1980s , the increase in the nominal value of existing assets was estimated to be about twice as large as the flow from saving.22 In recent years , nominal gains on households ' assets-particularly financial assets-have dwarfed the saving flow .
over the 1970s and 1980s , the increase in the nominal value of [being] assets was estimated to be about twice as large as the flow from saving.22 in recent years , nominal gains on households ' assets-particularly financial assets-have dwarfed the saving flow .

Page 29 GAO-01-591SP National Saving would not treat gains on existing assets as a windfall to spend today .
page 29 gao-01-591sp national saving would not treat gains on [being] assets as a windfall to spend today .

With the personal saving rate around zero or negative , economists have questioned the relevance of the NIPA personal saving measure.24 Wealth measures , which reflect the value of existing assets based on current market conditions , show a fundamentally different trend , as illustrated in figure 1.2.25 Although these supplementary measures may explain why individual households may choose to save less , the NIPA personal saving rate shows that people are consuming virtually all of their current income and saving little for the future .
with the personal saving rate around zero or negative , economists have questioned the relevance of the nipa personal saving measure.24 wealth measures , which reflect the value of [being] assets based on current market conditions , show a fundamentally different trend , as illustrated in figure 1.2.25 although these supplementary measures may explain why individual households may choose to save less , the nipa personal saving rate shows that people are consuming virtually all of their current income and saving little for the future .

A key difference between measuring the nation 's saving and gauging a household 's finances is the treatment of changes in the market value of existing assets .
a key difference between measuring the nation 's saving and gauging a household 's finances is the treatment of changes in the market value of [being] assets .

As discussed in section 2 , it is saving from current income-not gains on existing assets-that is key to financing capital investment and increasing the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services .
as discussed in section 2 , it is saving from current income-not gains on [being] assets-that is key to financing capital investment and increasing the nation 's capacity to produce goods and services .

Although an individual household can tap the increased value of its assets to finance additional consumption or accumulate other assets by selling an asset to another household , the transaction itself shifts ownership of the existing asset and does not generate new economic output .
although an individual household can tap the increased value of its assets to finance additional consumption or accumulate other assets by selling an asset to another household , the transaction itself shifts ownership of the [being] asset and does not generate new economic output .

For alternative measures including changes in the market value of households ' existing assets , see William G. Gale and John Sabelhaus , `` Perspectives on the Household Saving Rate , '' Brookings Papers on Economic Activity ( 1:1999 ) , pp .
for alternative measures including changes in the market value of households ' [being] assets , see william g. gale and john sabelhaus , `` perspectives on the household saving rate , '' brookings papers on economic activity ( 1:1999 ) , pp .

Federal Reserve researchers estimated that , as of the early 1990s , U.S. investment including education and R & D had declined as a share of GDP since the 1970s.14 A more controversial measure of personal saving would include changes in the value of existing assets.15 Since NIPA focuses on the current production of goods and services and on the income arising from that production , NIPA income and saving do not reflect changes in the value of existing tangible and financial assets , such as land , stocks , or bonds .
federal reserve researchers estimated that , as of the early 1990s , u.s. investment including education and r & d had declined as a share of gdp since the 1970s.14 a more controversial measure of personal saving would include changes in the value of [being] assets.15 since nipa focuses on the current production of goods and services and on the income arising from that production , nipa income and saving do not reflect changes in the value of [being] tangible and financial assets , such as land , stocks , or bonds .

Whether changes in the market value of existing assets should be counted as saving is beyond the scope of this report .
whether changes in the market value of [being] assets should be counted as saving is beyond the scope of this report .

However , it is uncertain whether wealth-based measures are reliable for gauging the growth in the nation 's capital stock and whether revaluation of existing assets should count as saving for society as a whole .
however , it is uncertain whether wealth-based measures are reliable for gauging the growth in the nation 's capital stock and whether revaluation of [being] assets should count as saving for society as a whole .

Some portion of the change in the market value of existing assets may reflect increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 Most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 For example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .
some portion of the change in the market value of [being] assets may reflect increased productive capacity and thus could represent income and saving , but it is difficult to isolate that portion.16 most gains and losses from transferring assets within and between sectors `` wash out '' at the national level and may not represent newly available resources for the economy as a whole.17 for example , when one household sells an appreciated asset to another household , any gain realized may be used to finance the seller 's consumption , but the transaction does not increase the nation 's income or output .

Higher interest rates both raise the return on saving and reduce the market value of existing financial assets issued when rates were lower.5 The combination of higher returns to saving and reduced wealth might encourage households and businesses to save more .
higher interest rates both raise the return on saving and reduce the market value of [being] financial assets issued when rates were lower.5 the combination of higher returns to saving and reduced wealth might encourage households and businesses to save more .

Lower interest rates both reduce the return on saving and increase the market value of existing financial assets issued when rates were higher .
lower interest rates both reduce the return on saving and increase the market value of [being] financial assets issued when rates were higher .

As shown in table 4.2 , how much the couple 's $ 4,000 annual contribution adds to national saving that year depends on ( 1 ) how much their IRA tax deduction costs the government and ( 2 ) whether their contributions represent new saving or were shifted from existing assets .
as shown in table 4.2 , how much the couple 's $ 4,000 annual contribution adds to national saving that year depends on ( 1 ) how much their ira tax deduction costs the government and ( 2 ) whether their contributions represent new saving or were shifted from [being] assets .

A tax incentive for retirement saving may encourage some households to save more while encouraging others to shift their existing balances into tax-preferred accounts .
a tax incentive for retirement saving may encourage some households to save more while encouraging others to shift their [being] balances into tax-preferred accounts .

For example , a household could transfer amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth .
for example , a household could transfer amounts from [being] assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth .

In light of the conflicting expert views on how existing tax incentives affect personal saving , it is unclear how new matching incentives might affect individuals ' saving choices and retirement security .
in light of the conflicting expert views on how [being] tax incentives affect personal saving , it is unclear how new matching incentives might affect individuals ' saving choices and retirement security .

Reforms that reallocate the composition of the nation 's saving and asset portfolio may serve only to redistribute the existing pie .
reforms that reallocate the composition of the nation 's saving and asset portfolio may serve only to redistribute the [being] pie .

Both the NIPA and FFA measures focus on saving as a flow from the economy 's current production and do not include changes in the market value of households ' existing portfolios .
both the nipa and ffa measures focus on saving as a flow from the economy 's current production and do not include changes in the market value of households ' [being] portfolios .

He instituted a matrix management organization , creating a leadership structure that provided flexibility for meeting future information management needs as well as maintaining existing IT systems .
he instituted a matrix management organization , creating a leadership structure that provided flexibility for meeting future information management needs as well as maintaining [being] it systems .

Studying existing IT capabilities helps define the structure and responsibilities of the new CIO organization .
studying [being] it capabilities helps define the structure and responsibilities of the new cio organization .

Needed skills are compared with existing capabilities in the organization to determine gaps in the IT skills base .
needed skills are compared with [being] capabilities in the organization to determine gaps in the it skills base .

When professionals with the necessary skills can not be hired , these organizations supplement the existing workforce with external information resources .
when professionals with the necessary skills can not be hired , these organizations supplement the [being] workforce with external information resources .

Sometimes such funds are devoted to retraining existing nontechnical personnel to supply them with IT expertise .
sometimes such funds are devoted to retraining [being] nontechnical personnel to supply them with it expertise .

We note that the final rule does clearly specify its affects on existing regulations .
we note that the final rule does clearly specify its affects on [being] regulations .

For purposes of our decision , the restriction , to be quoted in further detail , prohibits legal representation funded by recipients of LSC moneys if the representation involves an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing welfare law .
for purposes of our decision , the restriction , to be quoted in further detail , prohibits legal representation funded by recipients of lsc moneys if the representation involves an effort to amend or otherwise challenge [being] welfare law .

The relevant portion of §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) prohibits funding of any organization `` that initiates legal representation or participates in any other way , in litigation , lobbying , or rulemaking , involving an effort to reform a Federal or State welfare system , except that this paragraph shall not be construed to preclude a recipient from representing an individual eligible client who is seeking specific relief from a welfare agency if such relief does not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''
the relevant portion of §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) prohibits funding of any organization `` that initiates legal representation or participates in any other way , in litigation , lobbying , or rulemaking , involving an effort to reform a federal or state welfare system , except that this paragraph shall not be construed to preclude a recipient from representing an individual eligible client who is seeking specific relief from a welfare agency if such relief does not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge [being] law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''

We are concerned with the statutory provision which excludes LSC representation in cases LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION v. VELAZQUEZ Opinion of the Court which `` involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''
we are concerned with the statutory provision which excludes lsc representation in cases legal services corporation v. velazquez opinion of the court which `` involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge [being] law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''

LSC interpreted the statutory provision to allow indigent clients to challenge welfare agency determinations of benefit ineligibility under interpretations of existing law .
lsc interpreted the statutory provision to allow indigent clients to challenge welfare agency determinations of benefit ineligibility under interpretations of [being] law .

For example , an LSC grantee could represent a welfare claimant who argued that an agency made an erroneous factual determination or that an agency misread or misapplied a term contained in an existing welfare statute .
for example , an lsc grantee could represent a welfare claimant who argued that an agency made an erroneous factual determination or that an agency misread or misapplied a term contained in an [being] welfare statute .

According to LSC , a grantee in that position could argue as well that an agency policy violated existing law .
according to lsc , a grantee in that position could argue as well that an agency policy violated [being] law .

The court invalidated , as impermissible viewpoint discrimination , the qualification that representation could `` not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing law , '' because it `` clearly seeks to discourage challenges to the status quo . ''
the court invalidated , as impermissible viewpoint discrimination , the qualification that representation could `` not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge [being] law , '' because it `` clearly seeks to discourage challenges to the status quo . ''

Dissenting in part , Judge Jacobs agreed with the majority except for its holding that the proviso banning challenges to existing welfare laws effected impermissible viewpoint-based discrimination .
dissenting in part , judge jacobs agreed with the majority except for its holding that the proviso banning challenges to [being] welfare laws effected impermissible viewpoint-based discrimination .

The private nature of the speech involved here , and the extent of LSC 's regulation of private expression , are indicated further by the circumstance that the Government seeks to use an existing medium of expression and to control it , in a class of cases , in ways which distort its usual functioning .
the private nature of the speech involved here , and the extent of lsc 's regulation of private expression , are indicated further by the circumstance that the government seeks to use an [being] medium of expression and to control it , in a class of cases , in ways which distort its usual functioning .

In petitioners ' view , the restriction operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack ; rather , it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to existing welfare laws .
in petitioners ' view , the restriction operates neither to maintain the current welfare system nor insulate it from attack ; rather , it helps the current welfare system function in a more efficient and fair manner by removing from the program complex challenges to [being] welfare laws .

The effect of the restriction , however , is to prohibit advice or argumentation that existing welfare laws are unconstitutional or unlawful .
the effect of the restriction , however , is to prohibit advice or argumentation that [being] welfare laws are unconstitutional or unlawful .

In no lawsuit funded by the Government can the LSC attorney , speaking on behalf of a private client , challenge existing welfare laws .
in no lawsuit funded by the government can the lsc attorney , speaking on behalf of a private client , challenge [being] welfare laws .

In every annual appropriations Act since 1996 , Congress has prohibited LSC funding of any organization that represented clients in an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing welfare law .
in every annual appropriations act since 1996 , congress has prohibited lsc funding of any organization that represented clients in an effort to amend or otherwise challenge [being] welfare law .

The Task Force was charged with reviewing `` existing policies , standards , and procedures governing state planning and for defining service areas ; and any revisions to existing policies , standards , and procedures which the Task Force concludes to warrant serious consideration by LSC .
the task force was charged with reviewing `` [being] policies , standards , and procedures governing state planning and for defining service areas ; and any revisions to [being] policies , standards , and procedures which the task force concludes to warrant serious consideration by lsc .

Congress ' 1996 reform replacing presumptive refunding of grantees with competitive bidding for LSC service contracts19 - coupled with budget cuts of the same year - necessitated a thoroughreexamination of the efficacy of existing service area arrangements in each state .
congress ' 1996 reform replacing presumptive refunding of grantees with competitive bidding for lsc service contracts19 - coupled with budget cuts of the same year - necessitated a thoroughreexamination of the efficacy of [being] service area arrangements in each state .

Grantees were also asked to examine whether the existing program configuration was conducive to the most effective state delivery system .
grantees were also asked to examine whether the [being] program configuration was conducive to the most effective state delivery system .

Each emphasized three central themes : 1 ) The imperative that each state must have a vision that encompasses a full range of services ; 2 ) The challenge of orienting existing staff to a new or changing vision , inculcating the vision and mission within the staff , and , uniting staff ( old and new ) over a common vision , whether in a single office or scattered office setting ; and , 3 ) The challenge of balancing vision with fiscal reality , recognizing that as funds remain static or decline , the need for collaboration increases and , at the same time , the threat of fractionalization increases .
each emphasized three central themes : 1 ) the imperative that each state must have a vision that encompasses a full range of services ; 2 ) the challenge of orienting [being] staff to a new or changing vision , inculcating the vision and mission within the staff , and , uniting staff ( old and new ) over a common vision , whether in a single office or scattered office setting ; and , 3 ) the challenge of balancing vision with fiscal reality , recognizing that as funds remain static or decline , the need for collaboration increases and , at the same time , the threat of fractionalization increases .

Grantees were also asked to examine whether the existing program configuration was conducive to the most effective state delivery system .
grantees were also asked to examine whether the [being] program configuration was conducive to the most effective state delivery system .

Accordingly , in 1996 Congress added new restrictions to the LSC Act and strengthened existing restrictions .
accordingly , in 1996 congress added new restrictions to the lsc act and strengthened [being] restrictions .

Funding recipients may `` represen [ t ] an individual eligible client who is seeking specific relief from a welfare agency if such relief does not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''
funding recipients may `` represen [ t ] an individual eligible client who is seeking specific relief from a welfare agency if such relief does not involve an effort to amend or otherwise challenge [being] law in effect on the date of the initiation of the representation . ''

The LSC declares in its brief , and respondents do not deny , that under these provisions the LSC can sponsor neither challenges to nor defenses of existing welfare reform law , Brief for Petitioner in No .
the lsc declares in its brief , and respondents do not deny , that under these provisions the lsc can sponsor neither challenges to nor defenses of [being] welfare reform law , brief for petitioner in no .

Nor does §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) discriminate on the basis of viewpoint , since it funds neither challenges to nor defenses of existing welfare law .
nor does §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) discriminate on the basis of viewpoint , since it funds neither challenges to nor defenses of [being] welfare law .

No litigant who , in the absence of LSC funding , would bring a suit challenging existing welfare law is deterred from doing so by §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) .
no litigant who , in the absence of lsc funding , would bring a suit challenging [being] welfare law is deterred from doing so by §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) .

SCALIA , J. , dissenting The Court further asserts that these cases are different from Rust because the welfare funding restriction `` seeks to use an existing medium of expression and to control it .
scalia , j. , dissenting the court further asserts that these cases are different from rust because the welfare funding restriction `` seeks to use an [being] medium of expression and to control it .

It is wrong on the law because there is utterly no precedent for the novel and facially implausible proposition that the Amendment has anything to do with government funding that- though it does not actually abridge anyone 's speech- `` distorts an existing medium of expression . ''
it is wrong on the law because there is utterly no precedent for the novel and facially implausible proposition that the amendment has anything to do with government funding that- though it does not actually abridge anyone 's speech- `` distorts an [being] medium of expression . ''

It is clear to me that the LSC Act 's funding of welfare benefits suits and its prohibition on suits challenging or defending the validity of existing law are `` conditions , considerations [ and ] compensations for each other '' that can not be severed .
it is clear to me that the lsc act 's funding of welfare benefits suits and its prohibition on suits challenging or defending the validity of [being] law are `` conditions , considerations [ and ] compensations for each other '' that can not be severed .

If the LSC-funded lawyers were here arguing that the statute permitted representation of individual welfare claimants who did not challenge existing law , I venture to say that the Court would endorse their argument- perhaps with stirring language about the importance of aid to welfare applicants and the Court 's unwillingness to presume without clear indication that Congress would want to eliminate it .
if the lsc-funded lawyers were here arguing that the statute permitted representation of individual welfare claimants who did not challenge [being] law , i venture to say that the court would endorse their argument- perhaps with stirring language about the importance of aid to welfare applicants and the court 's unwillingness to presume without clear indication that congress would want to eliminate it .

LSC has endeavored to minimize the burden on programs in the collection of this information through the design of a carefully developed data collection instrument , the collection of information only once a year , and through efforts to modify existing case management systems to allow for collection of this information .
lsc has endeavored to minimize the burden on programs in the collection of this information through the design of a carefully developed data collection instrument , the collection of information only once a year , and through efforts to modify [being] case management systems to allow for collection of this information .

Congress avoided having to amend the LSC appropriations bills by specifically creating in IRCA the legal fiction that H-2A workers would be deemed lawful `` permanent resident aliens '' for the purposes of legal services representation under the existing categories of eligible aliens .
congress avoided having to amend the lsc appropriations bills by specifically creating in irca the legal fiction that h-2a workers would be deemed lawful `` permanent resident aliens '' for the purposes of legal services representation under the [being] categories of eligible aliens .

The legislative history of the 1996 revision contains no discussion of the `` present in the United States '' requirement and no indication that Congress sought to alter existing practice regarding the representation of aliens .
the legislative history of the 1996 revision contains no discussion of the `` present in the united states '' requirement and no indication that congress sought to alter [being] practice regarding the representation of aliens .

The McCollum-Stenholm bill , on which the 1996 appropriations were based , did not address the presence requirement , and the statement accompanying the introduction of that bill noted only that the bill incorporated the provisions from IRCA into the existing appropriation 's provisions on representation of certain aliens .
the mccollum-stenholm bill , on which the 1996 appropriations were based , did not address the presence requirement , and the statement accompanying the introduction of that bill noted only that the bill incorporated the provisions from irca into the [being] appropriation 's provisions on representation of certain aliens .

The Technology Initiative Grant Program ( TIG ) is LSC 's most powerful tool to help programs ramp up existing technology systems .
the technology initiative grant program ( tig ) is lsc 's most powerful tool to help programs ramp up [being] technology systems .

In late 2002 , LSC hired an experienced consultant to study and report on existing systems in the legal services community and make recommendations on approaches LSC could adopt .
in late 2002 , lsc hired an experienced consultant to study and report on [being] systems in the legal services community and make recommendations on approaches lsc could adopt .

One is by giving self-help assistance directly through our programs ( such as with the I-CAN system and the statewide websites ) and the second is by enhancing existing efforts on behalf of pro se clients .
one is by giving self-help assistance directly through our programs ( such as with the i-can system and the statewide websites ) and the second is by enhancing [being] efforts on behalf of pro se clients .

In June , at the Annual Conference of Chief Justices-Conference of State Court Administrators , LSC held two sessions on successful self help initiatives , and met informally with judges and administrators to examine potential and existing pro se partnerships between civil court systems and legal services programs .
in june , at the annual conference of chief justices-conference of state court administrators , lsc held two sessions on successful self help initiatives , and met informally with judges and administrators to examine potential and [being] pro se partnerships between civil court systems and legal services programs .

Conclusion The past year saw the creation of many projects , the maturation of several young initiatives and the opportunity to take existing efforts to new levels .
conclusion the past year saw the creation of many projects , the maturation of several young initiatives and the opportunity to take [being] efforts to new levels .

We are also convinced that our endeavors have strengthened existing legal services delivery systems so that clients now receive legal assistance more appropriate to their current needs and future hopes .
we are also convinced that our endeavors have strengthened [being] legal services delivery systems so that clients now receive legal assistance more appropriate to their current needs and future hopes .

The problems identified stem , in part , from a lack of clarity in some of LSC 's past case reporting guidelines and , more generally , from insufficient attention by grantees to the existing reporting and documentation requirements .
the problems identified stem , in part , from a lack of clarity in some of lsc 's past case reporting guidelines and , more generally , from insufficient attention by grantees to the [being] reporting and documentation requirements .

The recommendations were adopted by the Chicago and Illinois State Bar Associations , and , along with an appendix of existing and proposed implementation measures , submitted to the Governor , the Illinois General Assembly , the Illinois Supreme Court , local governments , state agencies , legal services programs , bar associations and individual lawyers .
the recommendations were adopted by the chicago and illinois state bar associations , and , along with an appendix of [being] and proposed implementation measures , submitted to the governor , the illinois general assembly , the illinois supreme court , local governments , state agencies , legal services programs , bar associations and individual lawyers .

At the present time , Illinois has a Pro Bono Center whose function is to work with the organized bar and legal services programs in encouraging participation in existing pro bono programs as well as to help develop new pro bono programs in Illinois .
at the present time , illinois has a pro bono center whose function is to work with the organized bar and legal services programs in encouraging participation in [being] pro bono programs as well as to help develop new pro bono programs in illinois .

The focus of the study will be to determine what changes need to be made in the existing structure to allow the Center to effectively meet its mission or , alternatively , to recommend a new structure .
the focus of the study will be to determine what changes need to be made in the [being] structure to allow the center to effectively meet its mission or , alternatively , to recommend a new structure .

In mid-1998 , the Ohio Planning Steering Committee was formed to coordinate existing planning groups and to make sure planning was launched where it did not yet exist .
in mid-1998 , the ohio planning steering committee was formed to coordinate [being] planning groups and to make sure planning was launched where it did not yet exist .

Measuring the existing system in the state against that vision , the participants in the planning process quickly came to the realization that significant change was necessary .
measuring the [being] system in the state against that vision , the participants in the planning process quickly came to the realization that significant change was necessary .

In designing the instrument , consultant Ken Smith and the LSC Results Group examined existing data collection models that state IOLTA funders and individual programs had used .
in designing the instrument , consultant ken smith and the lsc results group examined [being] data collection models that state iolta funders and individual programs had used .

Identifying the adequacy of existing capacities and existing funding to address issues of access and quality .
identifying the adequacy of [being] capacities and [being] funding to address issues of access and quality .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain [being] resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of [being] statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?

The costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the existing tax system .
the costs include : ( 1 ) direct investment costs , ( 2 ) operating and maintenance costs , ( 3 ) research and development and other government program costs , ( 4 ) transaction , search , and compliance costs , ( 5 ) adjustment costs associated with large changes in specific capital stocks , ( 6 ) lost economic flexibility created by additional emission requirements , and ( 7 ) potential interactions with the [being] tax system .

These programs include expansion and strengthening of existing information programs , financial incentives , and energy efficiency standards on motors systems .
these programs include expansion and strengthening of [being] information programs , financial incentives , and energy efficiency standards on motors systems .

It further assumes a careful targeting of funds to critical research areas and a gradual , 5-year ramp-up of funds to allow for careful planning , assembly of research teams , and expansion of existing teams and facilities .
it further assumes a careful targeting of funds to critical research areas and a gradual , 5-year ramp-up of funds to allow for careful planning , assembly of research teams , and expansion of [being] teams and facilities .

Because scenario A characterizes existing program and technology performance , no additional funds are required to drive that scenario .
because scenario a characterizes [being] program and technology performance , no additional funds are required to drive that scenario .

On the cost side , the model ignores costs associated with rapid changes in capital stocks , as well as potential loss of flexibility and interactions with the existing tax system .
on the cost side , the model ignores costs associated with rapid changes in capital stocks , as well as potential loss of flexibility and interactions with the [being] tax system .

The Clear Skies Act retains existing Title IV requirements until the new requirements take effect .
the clear skies act retains [being] title iv requirements until the new requirements take effect .

Definitions Section 402 is based on the existing Section 402 , modified to include new terms used in Parts A through D and to move to Subpart 1 of Part B the defined terms that are unique to the Acid Rain Program .
definitions section 402 is based on the [being] section 402 , modified to include new terms used in parts a through d and to move to subpart 1 of part b the defined terms that are unique to the acid rain program .

Allowance System Section 403 is the existing Section 403 , modified to apply to sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances under the new trading programs essentially the same allowance system provisions that apply to sulfur dioxide allowances under the existing Acid Rain Program .
allowance system section 403 is the [being] section 403 , modified to apply to sulfur dioxide allowances , nitrogen oxides allowances , and mercury allowances under the new trading programs essentially the same allowance system provisions that apply to sulfur dioxide allowances under the [being] acid rain program .

Further , for the Acid Rain Program and the new trading programs , the existing Section 403 is revised to provide that only the signature of the party transferring allowances ( not the signatures of both parties to the transfer ) is necessary for the transfer to be effective .
further , for the acid rain program and the new trading programs , the [being] section 403 is revised to provide that only the signature of the party transferring allowances ( not the signatures of both parties to the transfer ) is necessary for the transfer to be effective .

The Administrator has already issued regulations under the existing Section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue regulations within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance , transfer , recording , and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances .
the administrator has already issued regulations under the [being] section 403 for sulfur dioxide allowances and must issue regulations within 24 months of enactment governing the issuance , transfer , recording , and tracking of the nitrogen oxides allowances and mercury allowances .

Section 403 revises the existing Section 403 to provide for facility-level , rather than unit-level compliance : beginning in 2008 for the sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides and beginning in 2010 for mercury , the owner or operator of each facility with affected units must hold allowances at least equal to the total annual emissions of those units .
section 403 revises the [being] section 403 to provide for facility-level , rather than unit-level compliance : beginning in 2008 for the sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides and beginning in 2010 for mercury , the owner or operator of each facility with affected units must hold allowances at least equal to the total annual emissions of those units .

Permits and Compliance Plans Section 404 is the existing Section 408 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same permit provisions that apply to the existing Acid Rain Program .
permits and compliance plans section 404 is the [being] section 408 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same permit provisions that apply to the [being] acid rain program .

The existing Section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under Title V , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences operation ) under existing Section 408 .
the [being] section 408 is revised to provide that a permit application covering a unit in a particular trading program must be submitted to the permitting authority in accordance with the deadline established under title v , rather than the deadline ( e.g. , twenty-four months before a new unit commences operation ) under [being] section 408 .

Monitoring , Reporting , and Recordkeeping Requirements Section 405 is the existing Section 412 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same monitoring , reporting and recordkeeping requirements that apply to the existing Acid Rain Program .
monitoring , reporting , and recordkeeping requirements section 405 is the [being] section 412 , modified to apply to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same monitoring , reporting and recordkeeping requirements that apply to the [being] acid rain program .

Existing Section 412 is revised to provide that , consistent with the requirement of facility-level compliance in Section 403 , the Administrator will not require a separate CEMS for each unit where two or more units utilize a single stack , unless data for individual units are required under another provision of the Clean Air Act .
[being] section 412 is revised to provide that , consistent with the requirement of facility-level compliance in section 403 , the administrator will not require a separate cems for each unit where two or more units utilize a single stack , unless data for individual units are required under another provision of the clean air act .

The existing deadline for a unit under the Acid Rain Program is retained .
the [being] deadline for a unit under the acid rain program is retained .

This section also retains the requirements in the existing Section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a CEMS or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the Administrator , on emissions during that period .
this section also retains the requirements in the [being] section 412 concerning the use of substitute data when emission data from a cems or an approved alternative monitoring system are not available during any period and the owner or operator can not provide information , satisfactory to the administrator , on emissions during that period .

The Administrator already issued regulations implementing the existing Section 412 and must issue new regulations by January 1 , 2008 for monitoring of mercury .
the administrator already issued regulations implementing the [being] section 412 and must issue new regulations by january 1 , 2008 for monitoring of mercury .

Excess Emissions Penalty ; General Compliance With Other Provisions ; Enforcement Section 406 is the existing Section 411 , modified to address excess emissions penalties with regard to emissions of sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury .
excess emissions penalty ; general compliance with other provisions ; enforcement section 406 is the [being] section 411 , modified to address excess emissions penalties with regard to emissions of sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury .

In contrast with the existing Section 411 , which imposes a full financial penalty starting immediately after the deadline for holding allowances covering emissions , Section 406 imposes a financial penalty that is graduated , with the penalty increasing the longer the period before the excess emissions are offset and the financial penalty is paid .
in contrast with the [being] section 411 , which imposes a full financial penalty starting immediately after the deadline for holding allowances covering emissions , section 406 imposes a financial penalty that is graduated , with the penalty increasing the longer the period before the excess emissions are offset and the financial penalty is paid .

For all the trading programs and consistent with the existing Section 411 , the excess emissions penalty does not preclude imposition , in addition , of civil penalties for violations .
for all the trading programs and consistent with the [being] section 411 , the excess emissions penalty does not preclude imposition , in addition , of civil penalties for violations .

Section 406 also includes the existing Section 413 .
section 406 also includes the [being] section 413 .

As under the existing provision , compliance with Title IV does not affect , except as expressly provided , the application of other requirements of the Clean Air Act .
as under the [being] provision , compliance with title iv does not affect , except as expressly provided , the application of other requirements of the clean air act .

Section 406 also includes the existing Section 414 and applies to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same enforcement provisions that apply to the Acid Rain Program .
section 406 also includes the [being] section 414 and applies to the new sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides , and mercury trading programs essentially the same enforcement provisions that apply to the acid rain program .

Clean Coal Technology Regulatory Incentives Section 408 is the existing Section 415 , which addresses the Department of Energy 's Clean Coal Technology Program .
clean coal technology regulatory incentives section 408 is the [being] section 415 , which addresses the department of energy 's clean coal technology program .

This contrasts with the auction provisions in the existing Section 416 providing for a declining price auction where winning bidders purchase allowances at their bid prices .
this contrasts with the auction provisions in the [being] section 416 providing for a declining price auction where winning bidders purchase allowances at their bid prices .

Part B. Sulfur Dioxide Emission Reductions Subpart 1 of Part B retains the requirements of the existing Acid Rain Program , with a few relatively minor changes , through December 31 , 2009 .
part b. sulfur dioxide emission reductions subpart 1 of part b retains the requirements of the [being] acid rain program , with a few relatively minor changes , through december 31 , 2009 .

Allowance Allocation Section 412 includes , with no substantive changes , certain provisions from existing Sections 403 and 408 that apply only to the Acid Rain Program .
allowance allocation section 412 includes , with no substantive changes , certain provisions from [being] sections 403 and 408 that apply only to the acid rain program .

The remaining provisions from existing Sections 403 and 408 , which apply , as modified , to Parts B , C , and D , have been retained in Part A , Sections 403 and 404 .
the remaining provisions from [being] sections 403 and 408 , which apply , as modified , to parts b , c , and d , have been retained in part a , sections 403 and 404 .

Phase I Sulfur Dioxide Requirements Section 413 is existing Section 404 , containing without change the Phase I sulfur dioxide allocations and modified to set a new deadline for new applications for allowances from the Conservation and Renewable Energy Reserve .
phase i sulfur dioxide requirements section 413 is [being] section 404 , containing without change the phase i sulfur dioxide allocations and modified to set a new deadline for new applications for allowances from the conservation and renewable energy reserve .

The existing deadline ( i.e. , December 31 , 1999 ) for completion of all actions for which allowances from the Reserve may be earned has passed .
the [being] deadline ( i.e. , december 31 , 1999 ) for completion of all actions for which allowances from the reserve may be earned has passed .

The existing deadline for entities to submit new applications based on those actions is moved up from January 1 , 2010 to one year after enactment .
the [being] deadline for entities to submit new applications based on those actions is moved up from january 1 , 2010 to one year after enactment .

Any remaining allowances in the Reserve at that time will be allocated to existing units subject to the Acid Rain Program .
any remaining allowances in the reserve at that time will be allocated to [being] units subject to the acid rain program .

Phase II Sulfur Dioxide Requirements Section 414 is existing Section 405 , which contains the Phase II sulfur dioxide allocation formulas with no substantive changes , except to take account of the fact that compliance starting in 2008 will be at the facility ( not the unit ) level .
phase ii sulfur dioxide requirements section 414 is [being] section 405 , which contains the phase ii sulfur dioxide allocation formulas with no substantive changes , except to take account of the fact that compliance starting in 2008 will be at the facility ( not the unit ) level .

Allowances for States with Emissions Rates at or Below 0.80 lbs/mmBtu Section 415 is existing Section 406 , which provides additional formulations for Phase II allocations with no substantive changes .
allowances for states with emissions rates at or below 0.80 lbs/mmbtu section 415 is [being] section 406 , which provides additional formulations for phase ii allocations with no substantive changes .

Election for Additional Sources Section 416 is existing Section 410 , modified to reduce the allocations for opt-in units in the Acid Rain Program to 50 percent for applications submitted to EPA after January 1 , 2002 .
election for additional sources section 416 is [being] section 410 , modified to reduce the allocations for opt-in units in the acid rain program to 50 percent for applications submitted to epa after january 1 , 2002 .

Auctions , Reserve Section 417 is existing Section 416 , modified to remove direct sales of allowances ( which have already been terminated by rule ) and to terminate the private sales of allowances through the annual sulfur dioxide allowance auction .
auctions , reserve section 417 is [being] section 416 , modified to remove direct sales of allowances ( which have already been terminated by rule ) and to terminate the private sales of allowances through the annual sulfur dioxide allowance auction .

Industrial SO2 Emissions Section 418 is existing Section 406 of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 , which was not previously incorporated into the Clean Air Act and sets a cap on sulfur dioxide emissions from certain industrial sources .
industrial so2 emissions section 418 is [being] section 406 of the clean air act amendments of 1990 , which was not previously incorporated into the clean air act and sets a cap on sulfur dioxide emissions from certain industrial sources .

There are no substantive changes to the existing Section 406 .
there are no substantive changes to the [being] section 406 .

The program includes existing fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants with generators having a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 MW .
the program includes [being] fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants with generators having a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 mw .

In addition , certain existing and new cogeneration units are exempt , as well as solid waste incineration units and units for treatment , storage , or disposal of hazardous waste .
in addition , certain [being] and new cogeneration units are exempt , as well as solid waste incineration units and units for treatment , storage , or disposal of hazardous waste .

Part C. Nitrogen Oxides Allowance Program Subpart 1 of Part C retains the requirements , until 2008 , of the existing Acid Rain Program for nitrogen oxides reduction .
part c. nitrogen oxides allowance program subpart 1 of part c retains the requirements , until 2008 , of the [being] acid rain program for nitrogen oxides reduction .

Nitrogen Oxides Emission Rate Reduction Program Section 441 is the existing Section 407 , which includes the emission rate limitations and other requirements for nitrogen oxides under the Acid Rain Program .
nitrogen oxides emission rate reduction program section 441 is the [being] section 407 , which includes the emission rate limitations and other requirements for nitrogen oxides under the acid rain program .

The existing emission rate limitations for individual boilers , which are based on boiler type , are not changed .
the [being] emission rate limitations for individual boilers , which are based on boiler type , are not changed .

Termination Section 442 terminates the existing Acid Rain Program nitrogen oxides provisions in Section 441 on January 1 , 2008 when the new nitrogen oxides trading program begins .
termination section 442 terminates the [being] acid rain program nitrogen oxides provisions in section 441 on january 1 , 2008 when the new nitrogen oxides trading program begins .

A particulate matter emission limit is established for existing oil-fired boilers that will also reduce emissions of nickel from such units .
a particulate matter emission limit is established for [being] oil-fired boilers that will also reduce emissions of nickel from such units .

All units subject to a performance standard are required to monitor emissions using continuous emissions monitoring systems and to use averaging times similar to those under the existing new source performance standards .
all units subject to a performance standard are required to monitor emissions using continuous emissions monitoring systems and to use averaging times similar to those under the [being] new source performance standards .

Existing oil-fired boilers are subject to a particulate matter emission limit of 0.30 lb/MWh .
[being] oil-fired boilers are subject to a particulate matter emission limit of 0.30 lb/mwh .

To qualify for the exemption from NSR and BART , an existing affected unit must meet certain requirements concerning particulate matter and carbon monoxide emissions .
to qualify for the exemption from nsr and bart , an [being] affected unit must meet certain requirements concerning particulate matter and carbon monoxide emissions .

Where there is a modification of the existing affected unit ( which is defined as a change that will result in an increase in the hourly emissions of a pollutant at the unit 's maximum capacity ) , the unit must comply with either best available control technology ( BACT ) for that pollutant or the performance standards for nitrogen oxides , sulfur dioxide , mercury , and particulate matter under Section 481 .
where there is a modification of the [being] affected unit ( which is defined as a change that will result in an increase in the hourly emissions of a pollutant at the unit 's maximum capacity ) , the unit must comply with either best available control technology ( bact ) for that pollutant or the performance standards for nitrogen oxides , sulfur dioxide , mercury , and particulate matter under section 481 .

The Administrator retains the authority to address any non-mercury hazardous air pollutants from electricity generating units in accordance with the regime set forth under the existing residual risk authority provisions of Section 112 ( f ) ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) .
the administrator retains the authority to address any non-mercury hazardous air pollutants from electricity generating units in accordance with the regime set forth under the [being] residual risk authority provisions of section 112 ( f ) ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) .

Monitoring The Clear Skies Act revises Section 821 ( a ) of the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 to retain the existing carbon dioxide monitoring and reporting requirements for units subject to the existing Acid Rain Program .
monitoring the clear skies act revises section 821 ( a ) of the clean air act amendments of 1990 to retain the [being] carbon dioxide monitoring and reporting requirements for units subject to the [being] acid rain program .

It is possible to achieve better results at lower costs , but not if we simply add yet another program on top of all of the existing regulations .
it is possible to achieve better results at lower costs , but not if we simply add yet another program on top of all of the [being] regulations .

As drafted , S. 556 would make some existing requirements unnecessary , but would not eliminate them .
as drafted , s. 556 would make some [being] requirements unnecessary , but would not eliminate them .

Rather than add yet another layer of environmental regulations on top of the existing ones , we believe that S. 556 should eliminate those unnecessary existing requirements .
rather than add yet another layer of environmental regulations on top of the [being] ones , we believe that s. 556 should eliminate those unnecessary [being] requirements .

The Acid Rain Program is achieving its emission reduction goal at a fraction of the estimated costs because it allows and encourages innovative thinking and long range planning.1 The existing program establishes a cap on SO2 emissions to ensure that the environmental goal is met , and employs an innovative market-based allowance trading program to achieve the goal at lowest cost .
the acid rain program is achieving its emission reduction goal at a fraction of the estimated costs because it allows and encourages innovative thinking and long range planning.1 the [being] program establishes a cap on so2 emissions to ensure that the environmental goal is met , and employs an innovative market-based allowance trading program to achieve the goal at lowest cost .

The President 's flexible , market-based approach to reducing emissions from power generators stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which currently confront the industry .
the president 's flexible , market-based approach to reducing emissions from power generators stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of [being] regulations which currently confront the industry .

The regulation of power generators does not end with existing regulations .
the regulation of power generators does not end with [being] regulations .

It is expected that the existing fine particle and ozone standards now in place will also result in further regulation of power generators .
it is expected that the [being] fine particle and ozone standards now in place will also result in further regulation of power generators .

Modeling shows that when full implementation of existing regulations such as the acid rain program , the NOx SIP Call , the Tier II standards for cars and trucks , the heavy duty diesel engine standards , and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account , additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment .
modeling shows that when full implementation of [being] regulations such as the acid rain program , the nox sip call , the tier ii standards for cars and trucks , the heavy duty diesel engine standards , and the low sulfur gasoline and diesel fuel rules are taken into account , additional reductions will be needed to bring areas into attainment .

An integrated package of measures that addresses both the existing regulatory requirements as well as many future environmental needs would provide the greatest degree of certainty and flexibility for the industry , while achieving the necessary emission reductions at lower cost than under current law .
an integrated package of measures that addresses both the [being] regulatory requirements as well as many future environmental needs would provide the greatest degree of certainty and flexibility for the industry , while achieving the necessary emission reductions at lower cost than under current law .

We believe the bill is missing some provisions -- it should address the allocation scheme and integration with existing programs .
we believe the bill is missing some provisions -- it should address the allocation scheme and integration with [being] programs .

Perhaps the most important program element not addressed in the bill is integration of this new program with the existing Clean Air Act provisions .
perhaps the most important program element not addressed in the bill is integration of this new program with the [being] clean air act provisions .

An effective market-based approach would make some existing provisions of the Clean Air Act unnecessary .
an effective market-based approach would make some [being] provisions of the clean air act unnecessary .

There are other issues as well that this Committee should consider , such as coordination with existing state and regional programs like the Western Regional Air Partnership and the NOx reduction programs in the east .
there are other issues as well that this committee should consider , such as coordination with [being] state and regional programs like the western regional air partnership and the nox reduction programs in the east .

However , it is likely that other SO2 removal technologies , as well as upgrades or enhancements to existing FGD systems , will compete in the market under a multipollutant strategy .
however , it is likely that other so2 removal technologies , as well as upgrades or enhancements to [being] fgd systems , will compete in the market under a multipollutant strategy .

Upgrades to existing FGD systems would include a case-by-case examination of the absorber tower , flue gas inlet , absorber gas velocity , reagent preparation , upgrade pumps , and potential changes to some internals , the type of reagent , and to the chemical processes to increase performance .
upgrades to [being] fgd systems would include a case-by-case examination of the absorber tower , flue gas inlet , absorber gas velocity , reagent preparation , upgrade pumps , and potential changes to some internals , the type of reagent , and to the chemical processes to increase performance .

This is because upgrades to existing retrofits will generally consume fewer resources than full retrofits regardless of the technology .
this is because upgrades to [being] retrofits will generally consume fewer resources than full retrofits regardless of the technology .

Typically an FGD retrofit can use an existing chimney or stack .
typically an fgd retrofit can use an [being] chimney or stack .

Other steel may be needed to reinforce existing steel at a facility .
other steel may be needed to reinforce [being] steel at a facility .

MEL sorbent consumption for a 4 percent sulfur coal is approximately 17-18 tons per hour.6 These estimates are conservatively high given that recent FGD systems are operating at near stoichiometric levels8 and additives are commonly used to achieve higher SO2 removal , particularly to enhance the performance of existing retrofits .
mel sorbent consumption for a 4 percent sulfur coal is approximately 17-18 tons per hour.6 these estimates are conservatively high given that recent fgd systems are operating at near stoichiometric levels8 and additives are commonly used to achieve higher so2 removal , particularly to enhance the performance of [being] retrofits .

Since FGD technology is not invasive to the boiler , most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical , and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .
since fgd technology is not invasive to the boiler , most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical , and control tie-ins to [being] items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .

In this common installation , the SCR reactor is installed on structural steel that elevates it above existing ductwork and the ESP ( designated `` precipitator '' in the Figure 3-2 ) .
in this common installation , the scr reactor is installed on structural steel that elevates it above [being] ductwork and the esp ( designated `` precipitator '' in the figure 3-2 ) .

The need to lift material to high elevations is a result of the location of the SCR - often above existing ductwork and adjacent to existing equipment .
the need to lift material to high elevations is a result of the location of the scr - often above [being] ductwork and adjacent to [being] equipment .

It may be necessary to move existing equipment , such as the air preheater , in order to accommodate the addition of the SCR reactor .
it may be necessary to move [being] equipment , such as the air preheater , in order to accommodate the addition of the scr reactor .

Most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .
most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical and control tie-ins to [being] items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .

At the Tennessee Valley Authority 's ( TVA 's ) 700 MWe Paradise Unit 2 , it was necessary to demolish the existing ESP with the unit on line .
at the tennessee valley authority 's ( tva 's ) 700 mwe paradise unit 2 , it was necessary to demolish the [being] esp with the unit on line .

In some cases it may be desirable to plan a brief outage in advance of the hook-up to install structural steel through sleeves placed in existing equipment , such as the ESP , or to relocate existing equipment that would otherwise interfere with erection of the SCR .
in some cases it may be desirable to plan a brief outage in advance of the hook-up to install structural steel through sleeves placed in [being] equipment , such as the esp , or to relocate [being] equipment that would otherwise interfere with erection of the scr .

This permits erection of the catalyst reactor above existing equipment while the unit is on line.26 However , because an SCR project is expected to extend close to two years ( see Exhibits A-3 and A-4 in Appendix A ) , it should be possible to incorporate this work into planned outages , which would have occurred regardless of whether an SCR was to be installed .
this permits erection of the catalyst reactor above [being] equipment while the unit is on line.26 however , because an scr project is expected to extend close to two years ( see exhibits a-3 and a-4 in appendix a ) , it should be possible to incorporate this work into planned outages , which would have occurred regardless of whether an scr was to be installed .

When this type of installation is performed , the SCR reactor is installed atop a steel structure that must be erected above existing equipment , such as the electrostatic precipitator .
when this type of installation is performed , the scr reactor is installed atop a steel structure that must be erected above [being] equipment , such as the electrostatic precipitator .

This is an approach that is frequently used because engineers have developed cost effective methods to install the SCR reactor while addressing potential interferences from existing equipment .
this is an approach that is frequently used because engineers have developed cost effective methods to install the scr reactor while addressing potential interferences from [being] equipment .

Other methods are being investigated ( such as oxidation and scrubbing technologies ) , which utilize ozone , barrier discharge , and catalyst and/or chemical additives in combination with existing technologies .
other methods are being investigated ( such as oxidation and scrubbing technologies ) , which utilize ozone , barrier discharge , and catalyst and/or chemical additives in combination with [being] technologies .

The particular combination of equipment chosen for mercury reduction at a particular facility is largely determined by the existing equipment and conditions at the facility .
the particular combination of equipment chosen for mercury reduction at a particular facility is largely determined by the [being] equipment and conditions at the facility .

Most existing facilities have ESPs for particle emission control and do not have any SO2 removal technology .
most [being] facilities have esps for particle emission control and do not have any so2 removal technology .

It should not be necessary to relocate any existing boiler equipment to install an ACI system .
it should not be necessary to relocate any [being] boiler equipment to install an aci system .

Most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical and control tie-ins to existing items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .
most of the construction activities , such as earthwork , foundations , process electrical and control tie-ins to [being] items , can occur while the boiler is in operation .

This included the boiler , an SCR , and an LSD/FF.38 Although , in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an operating boiler , the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the existing electrostatic precipitator .
this included the boiler , an scr , and an lsd/ff.38 although , in this case the equipment did not have to be erected adjacent to an operating boiler , the erection included demolishing and erecting a complete boiler island and demolishing the [being] electrostatic precipitator .

It should also be noted that most of the retrofits needed by 2005 are being installed to meet existing requirements under the NOX SIP Call or other regulatory requirements as opposed to the requirements of a multipollutant program such as the Clear Skies Act .
it should also be noted that most of the retrofits needed by 2005 are being installed to meet [being] requirements under the nox sip call or other regulatory requirements as opposed to the requirements of a multipollutant program such as the clear skies act .

EPA estimated that , of the total 1,300 MWe to be retrofit by 2020 with ACI , all of that capacity would have existing fabric filters .
epa estimated that , of the total 1,300 mwe to be retrofit by 2020 with aci , all of that capacity would have [being] fabric filters .

Based upon this analysis , it is possible that existing excess capacity in AC production could adequately address the increased demand for AC .
based upon this analysis , it is possible that [being] excess capacity in ac production could adequately address the increased demand for ac .

Structural steel is used primarily for the absorber , ductwork , and supports , and secondarily in miscellaneous components including reinforcement of existing structures at a facility .
structural steel is used primarily for the absorber , ductwork , and supports , and secondarily in miscellaneous components including reinforcement of [being] structures at a facility .

Regulating Emissions from Power Generation The President 's legislative approach stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of existing regulations which currently confront the industry .
regulating emissions from power generation the president 's legislative approach stands in sharp contrast to the complex web of [being] regulations which currently confront the industry .

This program ensures that when large , new facilities are built -- or major modifications to existing facilities are made that result in a net emissions increase -- they include state-of-the-art air pollution control equipment .
this program ensures that when large , new facilities are built -- or major modifications to [being] facilities are made that result in a net emissions increase -- they include state-of-the-art air pollution control equipment .

For attainment areas , to prevent significant deterioration of our nation 's air quality , new major sources and major modifications to existing sources must apply the best available control technology and ensure that the new pollution introduced into the environment does not adversely impact the air quality , such as in pristine areas like national parks .
for attainment areas , to prevent significant deterioration of our nation 's air quality , new major sources and major modifications to [being] sources must apply the best available control technology and ensure that the new pollution introduced into the environment does not adversely impact the air quality , such as in pristine areas like national parks .

It was constructed using existing emissions inventories created for various recent rulemaking activities .
it was constructed using [being] emissions inventories created for various recent rulemaking activities .

System dispatch , which determines the proper and most efficient use of the existing and new resources available to utilities and their customers , is optimized given the resource mix , unit operating characteristics , and fuel and other costs .
system dispatch , which determines the proper and most efficient use of the [being] and new resources available to utilities and their customers , is optimized given the resource mix , unit operating characteristics , and fuel and other costs .

Where appropriate , we have made adjustments to existing primary research for the level of environmental quality change , the sociodemographic and economic characteristics of the affected population , and other factors in order to improve the accuracy and robustness of benefits estimates .
where appropriate , we have made adjustments to [being] primary research for the level of environmental quality change , the sociodemographic and economic characteristics of the affected population , and other factors in order to improve the accuracy and robustness of benefits estimates .

Adoption of WTP as the measure of value implies that the value of environmental quality improvements is dependent on the individual preferences of the affected population and that the existing distribution of income ( ability to pay ) is appropriate .
adoption of wtp as the measure of value implies that the value of environmental quality improvements is dependent on the individual preferences of the affected population and that the [being] distribution of income ( ability to pay ) is appropriate .

Only two existing studies provide defensible monetary estimates of the value of visibility 15Concerns about the reliability of value estimates from CV studies arose because research has shown that bias can be introduced easily into these studies if they are not carefully conducted .
only two [being] studies provide defensible monetary estimates of the value of visibility 15concerns about the reliability of value estimates from cv studies arose because research has shown that bias can be introduced easily into these studies if they are not carefully conducted .

As a result , we rely on the transfer of benefits estimates from existing studies .
as a result , we rely on the transfer of benefits estimates from [being] studies .

The last three rows of Exhibits 17 and 18 summarize the impact of applying the existing visibility valuation literature more broadly than in our Base Estimate .
the last three rows of exhibits 17 and 18 summarize the impact of applying the [being] visibility valuation literature more broadly than in our base estimate .

Any unit that commenced commercial operation before November 15 , 1990 which is modified , reconstructed , or repowered after November 15 , 1990 shall continue to be an existing unit for the purposes of this subpart .
any unit that commenced commercial operation before november 15 , 1990 which is modified , reconstructed , or repowered after november 15 , 1990 shall continue to be an [being] unit for the purposes of this subpart .

For the purposes of this subpart , existing units shall not include simple combustion turbines , or units which serve a generator with a nameplate capacity of 25 MWe or less .
for the purposes of this subpart , [being] units shall not include simple combustion turbines , or units which serve a generator with a nameplate capacity of 25 mwe or less .

Except as provided in sections 416 , the removal of an existing affected unit or source from commercial operation at any time after November 15 , 1990 ( whether before or after January 1 , 1995 , or January 1 , 2000 ) shall not terminate or otherwise affect the allocation of allowances pursuant to section 413 or 414 to which the unit is entitled .
except as provided in sections 416 , the removal of an [being] affected unit or source from commercial operation at any time after november 15 , 1990 ( whether before or after january 1 , 1995 , or january 1 , 2000 ) shall not terminate or otherwise affect the allocation of allowances pursuant to section 413 or 414 to which the unit is entitled .

In the case of an existing unit that was not in operation during calendar year 1985 , the emission rate for a calendar year after 1985 , as determined by the Administrator , shall be used in lieu of the 1985 rate .
in the case of an [being] unit that was not in operation during calendar year 1985 , the emission rate for a calendar year after 1985 , as determined by the administrator , shall be used in lieu of the 1985 rate .

Such actions may include the promulgation of new and revised standards of performance for new sources , including units subject to section 414 ( g ) ( 2 ) , under section 111 ( b ) , as well as promulgation of standards of performance for existing sources , including units subject to section 414 ( g ) ( 2 ) , under authority of this section .
such actions may include the promulgation of new and revised standards of performance for new sources , including units subject to section 414 ( g ) ( 2 ) , under section 111 ( b ) , as well as promulgation of standards of performance for [being] sources , including units subject to section 414 ( g ) ( 2 ) , under authority of this section .

For an existing source regulated under this section , `` standard of performance '' means a standard which the Administrator determines is applicable to that source and which reflects the degree of emission reduction achievable through the application of the best system of continuous emission reduction which ( taking into consideration the cost of achieving such emission reduction , and any nonair quality health and environmental impact and energy requirements ) the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated for that category of sources .
for an [being] source regulated under this section , `` standard of performance '' means a standard which the administrator determines is applicable to that source and which reflects the degree of emission reduction achievable through the application of the best system of continuous emission reduction which ( taking into consideration the cost of achieving such emission reduction , and any nonair quality health and environmental impact and energy requirements ) the administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated for that category of sources .

These include : 1 ) approving both changes in existing services and the establishment of new services -- -those are known as classification cases ; 2 ) adjudicating complaints from anyone who believes the Postal Service is not providing rates or services as required by law ; 3 ) issuing advisory opinions when the Postal Service proposes a substantially nationwide change in the nature of its services ; and , 4 ) our mostly recently assigned task , providing Congress with annual reports about the costs and revenues of international mail .
these include : 1 ) approving both changes in [being] services and the establishment of new services -- -those are known as classification cases ; 2 ) adjudicating complaints from anyone who believes the postal service is not providing rates or services as required by law ; 3 ) issuing advisory opinions when the postal service proposes a substantially nationwide change in the nature of its services ; and , 4 ) our mostly recently assigned task , providing congress with annual reports about the costs and revenues of international mail .

Under the existing rate arrangement , the Postal Service can consider externalities in setting rates .
under the [being] rate arrangement , the postal service can consider externalities in setting rates .

Within the existing rate-setting framework , the idea of an inverse price cap is to allow the Commission to recommend an average price level ( or index ) that is viewed as a floor .
within the [being] rate-setting framework , the idea of an inverse price cap is to allow the commission to recommend an average price level ( or index ) that is viewed as a floor .

February 11 , 2002 POSTAL RATE COMMISSION Memorandum February 11 , 2002 TO : Senate Committee on Appropriations House Committee on Appropriations Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs House Committee on Government Reform SUBJECT : Report to the Congress on Authority of the United States Postal Service to Introduce Innovative Products and Services and to Enter into Rate and Service Agreements In accordance with the direction of the Joint Committee of Conference concerning the 2002 appropriation for the Postal Service , the Postal Rate Commission hereby transmits its report on the scope of existing authority of the United States Postal Service under current postal laws and regulations to introduce new products and services and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers .
february 11 , 2002 postal rate commission memorandum february 11 , 2002 to : senate committee on appropriations house committee on appropriations senate committee on governmental affairs house committee on government reform subject : report to the congress on authority of the united states postal service to introduce innovative products and services and to enter into rate and service agreements in accordance with the direction of the joint committee of conference concerning the 2002 appropriation for the postal service , the postal rate commission hereby transmits its report on the scope of [being] authority of the united states postal service under current postal laws and regulations to introduce new products and services and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers .

The Commission 's analysis of existing postal law yields the following conclusions :
the commission 's analysis of [being] postal law yields the following conclusions :

BACKGROUND AND SCOPE OF ANALYSIS In joint deliberations on appropriations for the United States Postal Service and certain other agencies and departments for Fiscal Year 2002 , the committee of conference directed both the Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to prepare reports on particular areas of the Postal Service 's authority under existing law.1 Specifically , the conferees directed : …both the United States Postal Service and the Postal Rate Commission to independently report , 90 days after enactment of this Act , on the scope of existing authority of the US Postal Service , under title 39 , United States Code , and title 39 , Code of Federal Regulations , to introduce and provide new products and services ( including the introduction and provision of new products and service on an experimental or market test basis ) and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers .
background and scope of analysis in joint deliberations on appropriations for the united states postal service and certain other agencies and departments for fiscal year 2002 , the committee of conference directed both the postal service and the postal rate commission to prepare reports on particular areas of the postal service 's authority under [being] law.1 specifically , the conferees directed : …both the united states postal service and the postal rate commission to independently report , 90 days after enactment of this act , on the scope of [being] authority of the us postal service , under title 39 , united states code , and title 39 , code of federal regulations , to introduce and provide new products and services ( including the introduction and provision of new products and service on an experimental or market test basis ) and to enter into negotiated service agreements with individual customers or groups of customers .

The Commission determined almost twenty years ago that there was a need for specialized rules to facilitate Postal Service mail classification requests involving proposed new services , or changes in existing services , that were intended to serve as experiments .
the commission determined almost twenty years ago that there was a need for specialized rules to facilitate postal service mail classification requests involving proposed new services , or changes in [being] services , that were intended to serve as experiments .

The second set of rules,8 apply to Postal Service proposals to implement new services that would supplement , but not alter , existing mail classifications and rates on a provisional basis for a limited time .
the second set of rules,8 apply to postal service proposals to implement new services that would supplement , but not alter , [being] mail classifications and rates on a provisional basis for a limited time .

A. Statutory Bases of Potential Authority No provision in existing law explicitly authorizes or prohibits the Postal Service from entering into rate or service agreements with mail users .
a. statutory bases of potential authority no provision in [being] law explicitly authorizes or prohibits the postal service from entering into rate or service agreements with mail users .

The framework within which these issues will be considered is the existing United States postal system , about which the author knows a little .
the framework within which these issues will be considered is the [being] united states postal system , about which the author knows a little .

The previous section asked only about making changes to an existing program , and a well developed one at that .
the previous section asked only about making changes to an [being] program , and a well developed one at that .

A statement from the deputy fire safety director informing tenants that the incident had occurred in the other building was consistent with protocol ; the expanded advice did not correspond to any existing written protocol , and did not reflect any instruction known to have been given to the deputy fire safety director that day .
a statement from the deputy fire safety director informing tenants that the incident had occurred in the other building was consistent with protocol ; the expanded advice did not correspond to any [being] written protocol , and did not reflect any instruction known to have been given to the deputy fire safety director that day .

The new program would replace the existing National Foreign Intelligence Program .
the new program would replace the [being] national foreign intelligence program .

Analysts continued to be used primarily in a tactical fashion-providing support for existing cases .
analysts continued to be used primarily in a tactical fashion-providing support for [being] cases .

Because Mihdhar was being sought for his possible connection to or knowledge of the Cole bombing , he could be investigated or tracked under the existing Cole criminal case .
because mihdhar was being sought for his possible connection to or knowledge of the cole bombing , he could be investigated or tracked under the [being] cole criminal case .

The existing Infinite Resolve options did not , in his view , amount to such a plan .
the [being] infinite resolve options did not , in his view , amount to such a plan .

He wondered if it might be appropriate to ask agencies to `` give up some of their existing turf and authority in exchange for a stronger , faster , more efficient government wide joint effort . ''
he wondered if it might be appropriate to ask agencies to `` give up some of their [being] turf and authority in exchange for a stronger , faster , more efficient government wide joint effort . ''

Recommendation : We recommend the establishment of a National Counterterrorism Center ( NCTC ) , built on the foundation of the existing Terrorist Threat Integration Center ( TTIC ) .
recommendation : we recommend the establishment of a national counterterrorism center ( nctc ) , built on the foundation of the [being] terrorist threat integration center ( ttic ) .

The intelligence function ( J-2 ) should build on the existing TTIC structure and remain distinct , as a national intelligence center , within the NCTC .
the intelligence function ( j-2 ) should build on the [being] ttic structure and remain distinct , as a national intelligence center , within the nctc .

To improve coordination at the White House , we believe the existing Homeland Security Council should soon be merged into a single National Security Council .
to improve coordination at the white house , we believe the [being] homeland security council should soon be merged into a single national security council .

This official , who would be confirmed by the Senate and would testify before Congress , would have a relatively small staff of several hundred people , taking the place of the existing community management offices housed at the CIA .
this official , who would be confirmed by the senate and would testify before congress , would have a relatively small staff of several hundred people , taking the place of the [being] community management offices housed at the cia .

Under the terms of existing rules and resolutions the House and Senate intelligence committees lack the power , influence , and sustained capability to meet this challenge .
under the terms of [being] rules and resolutions the house and senate intelligence committees lack the power , influence , and sustained capability to meet this challenge .

Tinkering with the existing structure is not sufficient .
tinkering with the [being] structure is not sufficient .

Putting a new player into the mix of federal agencies with counterterrorism responsibilities would exacerbate existing information-sharing problems .
putting a new player into the mix of federal agencies with counterterrorism responsibilities would exacerbate [being] information-sharing problems .

The FBI already has 28,000 employees ; 56 field offices , 400 satellite offices , and 47 legal attach� offices ; a laboratory , operations center , and training facility ; an existing network of informants , cooperating defendants , and other sources ; and relationships with state and local law enforcement , the CIA , and foreign intelligence and law enforcement agencies .
the fbi already has 28,000 employees ; 56 field offices , 400 satellite offices , and 47 legal attach� offices ; a laboratory , operations center , and training facility ; an [being] network of informants , cooperating defendants , and other sources ; and relationships with state and local law enforcement , the cia , and foreign intelligence and law enforcement agencies .

FROM THREAT TO THREAT In chapters 3 and 4 we described how the U.S. government adjusted its existing agencies and capacities to address the emerging threat from Usama Bin Ladin and his associates .
from threat to threat in chapters 3 and 4 we described how the u.s. government adjusted its [being] agencies and capacities to address the emerging threat from usama bin ladin and his associates .

His time was consumed with getting new officials in place and working on the foundation documents of a new defense policy , the quadrennial defense review , the defense planning guidance , and the existing contingency plans .
his time was consumed with getting new officials in place and working on the foundation documents of a new defense policy , the quadrennial defense review , the defense planning guidance , and the [being] contingency plans .

The commander of Central Command , General Franks , told us that he did not regard the existing plans as serious .
the commander of central command , general franks , told us that he did not regard the [being] plans as serious .

The new section did not specifically order planning for the use of ground troops , or clarify how this guidance differed from the existing Infinite Resolve plans .
the new section did not specifically order planning for the use of ground troops , or clarify how this guidance differed from the [being] infinite resolve plans .

Opponents of today 's rulers have few , if any , ways to participate in the existing political system .
opponents of today 's rulers have few , if any , ways to participate in the [being] political system .

The existing mechanisms for handling terrorist acts had been trial and punishment for acts committed by individuals ; sanction , reprisal , deterrence , or war for acts by hostile governments .
the [being] mechanisms for handling terrorist acts had been trial and punishment for acts committed by individuals ; sanction , reprisal , deterrence , or war for acts by hostile governments .

Attorney General John Ashcroft told us he told Rice on March 7 , 2001 , that his lawyers had determined that the existing legal authorities for covert action against Bin Ladin were unclear and insufficient , and that he suggested new , explicit kill authorities be developed .
attorney general john ashcroft told us he told rice on march 7 , 2001 , that his lawyers had determined that the [being] legal authorities for covert action against bin ladin were unclear and insufficient , and that he suggested new , explicit kill authorities be developed .

The money has been spent mainly to meet congressional mandates to federalize the security checkpoint screeners and to deploy existing security methods and technologies at airports .
the money has been spent mainly to meet congressional mandates to federalize the security checkpoint screeners and to deploy [being] security methods and technologies at airports .

Based on the existing American National Standard on Disaster/Emergency Management and Business Continuity Programs ( NFPA 1600 ) , the proposed National Preparedness Standard establishes a common set of criteria and terminology for preparedness , disaster management , emergency management , and business continuity programs .
based on the [being] american national standard on disaster/emergency management and business continuity programs ( nfpa 1600 ) , the proposed national preparedness standard establishes a common set of criteria and terminology for preparedness , disaster management , emergency management , and business continuity programs .

On the morning of 9/11 , the existing protocol was unsuited in every respect for what was about to happen .
on the morning of 9/11 , the [being] protocol was unsuited in every respect for what was about to happen .

Actually requiring that publicly funded works be included in publicly funded electronic archives like PubMed Central , as the US Congress might , would be less a paradigm shift or a radically interventionist mandate than a sensible extension of existing policy for most governments and their funding agencies .
actually requiring that publicly funded works be included in publicly funded electronic archives like pubmed central , as the us congress might , would be less a paradigm shift or a radically interventionist mandate than a sensible extension of [being] policy for most governments and their funding agencies .

Despite this , however , the association of statins and cholesterol levels with activated α-secretase-mediated shedding of the APP ectodomain was unexpected and not readily explicable by existing knowledge regarding regulation of α-secretase activity .
despite this , however , the association of statins and cholesterol levels with activated α-secretase-mediated shedding of the app ectodomain was unexpected and not readily explicable by [being] knowledge regarding regulation of α-secretase activity .

Zilles and his colleagues also are currently using molecular imaging techniques to update the existing maps of the different areas within our brains .
zilles and his colleagues also are currently using molecular imaging techniques to update the [being] maps of the different areas within our brains .

Geneticist Henrik Kaessmann ( University of Lausanne , Switzerland ) studies the origin of new genes in primates , in particular genes that arise when a DNA copy of an mRNA transcribed from an existing gene is integrated back into the genome .
geneticist henrik kaessmann ( university of lausanne , switzerland ) studies the origin of new genes in primates , in particular genes that arise when a dna copy of an mrna transcribed from an [being] gene is integrated back into the genome .

Conclusion Despite the limitations of the FDA 's database , making it public is a strategy that could be implemented both rapidly and easily by building upon existing infrastructure .
conclusion despite the limitations of the fda 's database , making it public is a strategy that could be implemented both rapidly and easily by building upon [being] infrastructure .

On a practical level , equity strata and health indicators can be integrated into a number of existing data sources , including censuses , vital registries , household surveys , small areas data , and administrative data sources .
on a practical level , equity strata and health indicators can be integrated into a number of [being] data sources , including censuses , vital registries , household surveys , small areas data , and administrative data sources .

However , our results clearly show that in order to achieve an optimal equitable allocation strategy , all existing infrastructure ( i.e. , all 54 HCFs ) should be used .
however , our results clearly show that in order to achieve an optimal equitable allocation strategy , all [being] infrastructure ( i.e. , all 54 hcfs ) should be used .

More publishers are exploring ways to remove existing subscription barriers and edge towards open access .
more publishers are exploring ways to remove [being] subscription barriers and edge towards open access .

An immediate investment to ensure the education of all existing clinical staff about HIV/AIDS , including modes of transmission , universal precautions , and the rights of PLWA would likely reduce the number of discriminatory practices towards PLWA and may improve these patients ' care and access to health services .
an immediate investment to ensure the education of all [being] clinical staff about hiv/aids , including modes of transmission , universal precautions , and the rights of plwa would likely reduce the number of discriminatory practices towards plwa and may improve these patients ' care and access to health services .

The Lincoln testing question spurred bioethicist Lori Andrews and her colleagues at the Chicago Historical Society to join with the Illinois Institute of Technology to review existing ethical issues of biohistorical research .
the lincoln testing question spurred bioethicist lori andrews and her colleagues at the chicago historical society to join with the illinois institute of technology to review [being] ethical issues of biohistorical research .

For those readers seeking an update on this challenging area , we would direct your attention to the Alzheimer Research Forum Web page ( http : //www.alzforum.org/new/detailprint.asp ? id=1135 ) , where you will find an excellent review of the literature as well as a series of evaluations of how our data fit into existing scenarios and models regarding cholesterol , statins , cerebral amyloidosis , and the cognitive failure of Alzheimer disease .
for those readers seeking an update on this challenging area , we would direct your attention to the alzheimer research forum web page ( http : //www.alzforum.org/new/detailprint.asp ? id=1135 ) , where you will find an excellent review of the literature as well as a series of evaluations of how our data fit into [being] scenarios and models regarding cholesterol , statins , cerebral amyloidosis , and the cognitive failure of alzheimer disease .

This leads to the novel conclusion that reinforcement is not just increasing the strength of an already existing mechanism of species discrimination , but is occurring through the development of a new discrimination system .
this leads to the novel conclusion that reinforcement is not just increasing the strength of an already [being] mechanism of species discrimination , but is occurring through the development of a new discrimination system .

At least for the macrobiota , the DNA barcoding community has moved away from this to emphasize the importance of embedding any large-scale sequence database within the existing framework and practice of systematics , including the importance of voucher specimens and of integrating molecular with morphological characters .
at least for the macrobiota , the dna barcoding community has moved away from this to emphasize the importance of embedding any large-scale sequence database within the [being] framework and practice of systematics , including the importance of voucher specimens and of integrating molecular with morphological characters .

This view accords with existing practice : taxonomic splits in North American birds typically are based on multiple lines of biological evidence , e.g. , morphological and vocal differences as well as genetic data ( American Ornithologists ' Union 1998 ) .
this view accords with [being] practice : taxonomic splits in north american birds typically are based on multiple lines of biological evidence , e.g. , morphological and vocal differences as well as genetic data ( american ornithologists ' union 1998 ) .

If there is significant variation , assessment of intraspecific diversity can be based on a small sample of individuals only if individuals are sampled across existing population subdivisions for which geography and phenotypic variation are reasonable initial surrogates .
if there is significant variation , assessment of intraspecific diversity can be based on a small sample of individuals only if individuals are sampled across [being] population subdivisions for which geography and phenotypic variation are reasonable initial surrogates .

There is little doubt that large-scale and standardized sequencing , when integrated with existing taxonomic practice , can contribute significantly to the challenges of identifying individuals and increasing the rate of discovering biological diversity .
there is little doubt that large-scale and standardized sequencing , when integrated with [being] taxonomic practice , can contribute significantly to the challenges of identifying individuals and increasing the rate of discovering biological diversity .

Scrapie is a wonderful example of systematic surveillance but , to be fair to the decision-makers and technical people involved with CWD , surveillance on wildlife species is very difficult. ” The USDA 's Goeldner declares , “ We have the goal and the hope to eradicate the disease from the farm population. ” Colorado Department of Wildlife veterinarian and CWD expert Mike Miller warns , “ Given existing tools , it seems unlikely that CWD can be eradicated from free-ranging populations once established. ” The gold standard of diagnosis is based on examination of the brain for spongiform lesions and abnormal prion aggregation .
scrapie is a wonderful example of systematic surveillance but , to be fair to the decision-makers and technical people involved with cwd , surveillance on wildlife species is very difficult. ” the usda 's goeldner declares , “ we have the goal and the hope to eradicate the disease from the farm population. ” colorado department of wildlife veterinarian and cwd expert mike miller warns , “ given [being] tools , it seems unlikely that cwd can be eradicated from free-ranging populations once established. ” the gold standard of diagnosis is based on examination of the brain for spongiform lesions and abnormal prion aggregation .

The AIDS crisis has brought to public notice what has always been generally true—that the existing business model for drug development leads to high prices and unequal access .
the aids crisis has brought to public notice what has always been generally true—that the [being] business model for drug development leads to high prices and unequal access .

Only about one-quarter of new drug approvals are rated by the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to have therapeutic benefit over existing treatments ( NIHCM 2002 ; see Figure 1 ) .
only about one-quarter of new drug approvals are rated by the united states food and drug administration ( fda ) to have therapeutic benefit over [being] treatments ( nihcm 2002 ; see figure 1 ) .

Business Models for an Effective Virtual R & D Market The existing system ( Figure 2A ) , despite its failings , does lead to the development of new drugs .
business models for an effective virtual r & d market the [being] system ( figure 2a ) , despite its failings , does lead to the development of new drugs .

It is also widely recognised that much of the research carried out across the world by similar agencies underpins the existing commercial research that leads to new drugs .
it is also widely recognised that much of the research carried out across the world by similar agencies underpins the [being] commercial research that leads to new drugs .

Governments could expand direct funding for drug development , either through the existing structures in academia or through funding R & D arms of existing companies to carry out specific drug R & D .
governments could expand direct funding for drug development , either through the [being] structures in academia or through funding r & d arms of [being] companies to carry out specific drug r & d .

Such directed drug development funding could be similar to existing nonprofit development projects , such as those currently resourced to address treatments for neglected diseases like malaria and tuberculosis ( TB ) .
such directed drug development funding could be similar to [being] nonprofit development projects , such as those currently resourced to address treatments for neglected diseases like malaria and tuberculosis ( tb ) .

The reward system could be more rational than the existing system , allocating greater rewards for innovative products and less for ‘ me too ’ products that do not work better than existing products .
the reward system could be more rational than the [being] system , allocating greater rewards for innovative products and less for ‘ me too ’ products that do not work better than [being] products .

Forecasting Tools : Models and Simulations For those choices to be meaningful , managers need reliable information on the risk of wildfire outbreaks and on the future behavior of existing fires .
forecasting tools : models and simulations for those choices to be meaningful , managers need reliable information on the risk of wildfire outbreaks and on the future behavior of [being] fires .

To energize laboratories with appropriate expertise to participate in this community-wide effort , I suggest that a special program be set up by one or more of the funding agencies so that laboratories undertaking the investigation of any particular protein receive a small grant upfront as a supplement to an existing grant .
to energize laboratories with appropriate expertise to participate in this community-wide effort , i suggest that a special program be set up by one or more of the funding agencies so that laboratories undertaking the investigation of any particular protein receive a small grant upfront as a supplement to an [being] grant .

Here is a case where a modest infusion of funds could greatly enhance our ability to annotate both existing and new genome sequences and ensure that our current investments in genomic sequences yield the richest biological harvest possible .
here is a case where a modest infusion of funds could greatly enhance our ability to annotate both [being] and new genome sequences and ensure that our current investments in genomic sequences yield the richest biological harvest possible .

If the paper was accepted for publication , then an additional sum would be allocated as a supplement to the laboratory 's existing grant .
if the paper was accepted for publication , then an additional sum would be allocated as a supplement to the laboratory 's [being] grant .

While it is too early to provide an accurate cost estimate for a portable instrument and disposable plastic CD4 assay , we expect the equipment cost would be substantially lower than for flow cytometry , and the assay cost would be similar to assays using existing methods ( Table 1 ) .
while it is too early to provide an accurate cost estimate for a portable instrument and disposable plastic cd4 assay , we expect the equipment cost would be substantially lower than for flow cytometry , and the assay cost would be similar to assays using [being] methods ( table 1 ) .

Improving on Nature Walsh collaborates with Chaitan Khosla of Stanford University on finding ways to make existing antibiotics better .
improving on nature walsh collaborates with chaitan khosla of stanford university on finding ways to make [being] antibiotics better .

In this issue of PloS Biology , Khosla and his colleagues report that they can make selective positional modifications in existing anthracycline antibiotics by starting in a different way with a different starting molecule .
in this issue of plos biology , khosla and his colleagues report that they can make selective positional modifications in [being] anthracycline antibiotics by starting in a different way with a different starting molecule .

Finding New Targets Instead of searching for new antibiotics by modifying existing ones , some researchers are trying something completely different—first finding the most vulnerable targets in a bacterium and then designing something that hits one or more of them hard .
finding new targets instead of searching for new antibiotics by modifying [being] ones , some researchers are trying something completely different—first finding the most vulnerable targets in a bacterium and then designing something that hits one or more of them hard .

That 's really going after the problem with a Howitzer instead of with an intelligent approach. ” Instead of screening libraries of existing compounds , Shapiro prefers using structural information about drug targets or their natural ligands to create new drugs , an approach known as rational drug design .
that 's really going after the problem with a howitzer instead of with an intelligent approach. ” instead of screening libraries of [being] compounds , shapiro prefers using structural information about drug targets or their natural ligands to create new drugs , an approach known as rational drug design .

While proponents of open access are confident that publication charges of around $ 1,500 per article will be sufficient to cover the costs of publishing an efficiently operated society journal , there is no question that many existing journals may need to update their infrastructure in order to make open access financially viable ( PLoS 2004 ) .
while proponents of open access are confident that publication charges of around $ 1,500 per article will be sufficient to cover the costs of publishing an efficiently operated society journal , there is no question that many [being] journals may need to update their infrastructure in order to make open access financially viable ( plos 2004 ) .

Once place in which Hawkins goes beyond existing unsupervised learning models is in an extension to actions and control , and in an ascription of parts of the model to cortical anatomy .
once place in which hawkins goes beyond [being] unsupervised learning models is in an extension to actions and control , and in an ascription of parts of the model to cortical anatomy .

It would administer a new fund from EU coffers , tagged the European Fund for Research Excellence , that would be valued modestly , initially at least , at much less than half of the EU 's existing budget for research .
it would administer a new fund from eu coffers , tagged the european fund for research excellence , that would be valued modestly , initially at least , at much less than half of the eu 's [being] budget for research .

To develop effective health policies , one must understand the existing health risks and disease burdens .
to develop effective health policies , one must understand the [being] health risks and disease burdens .

This may be accomplished simply by selecting a superior individual from among a range of existing possibilities , or it may require that a breeder know how to efficiently swap or replace parts , recombine components , and rebuild a biological system that will be capable of growing vigorously and productively in the context of an agricultural environment .
this may be accomplished simply by selecting a superior individual from among a range of [being] possibilities , or it may require that a breeder know how to efficiently swap or replace parts , recombine components , and rebuild a biological system that will be capable of growing vigorously and productively in the context of an agricultural environment .

Ca n't we modify a plant at will by introducing a new gene or two into an existing variety ?
ca n't we modify a plant at will by introducing a new gene or two into an [being] variety ?

It is likely that some of the opportunities will involve genetic engineering approaches , where new information about genes , gene regulation , and plant responses to the environment may be used in innovative ways to fine-tune existing plant varieties so that they utilize resources more efficiently , provide greater nutritional value , or simply taste better .
it is likely that some of the opportunities will involve genetic engineering approaches , where new information about genes , gene regulation , and plant responses to the environment may be used in innovative ways to fine-tune [being] plant varieties so that they utilize resources more efficiently , provide greater nutritional value , or simply taste better .

Occasionally , science provides an interpretation that fits cleanly into the framework of existing ideas , and then it is heralded with great applause , and often with a sense of relief .
occasionally , science provides an interpretation that fits cleanly into the framework of [being] ideas , and then it is heralded with great applause , and often with a sense of relief .

In the near future , we can look forward to full genome sequences that span a broader ecological and phylogenetic diversity of endosymbionts and provide a richer comparative framework to test existing models and develop new ones .
in the near future , we can look forward to full genome sequences that span a broader ecological and phylogenetic diversity of endosymbionts and provide a richer comparative framework to test [being] models and develop new ones .

Changes in drug availability and existing evidence during the period studied make it difficult to calculate the exact extent to which thiazides were under-prescribed .
changes in drug availability and [being] evidence during the period studied make it difficult to calculate the exact extent to which thiazides were under-prescribed .

Limitations of Existing Animal Tests for DNT The US EPA has been slower than the EU to adapt to the overwhelming evidence that low-level exposure to environmental toxins can be harmful .
limitations of [being] animal tests for dnt the us epa has been slower than the eu to adapt to the overwhelming evidence that low-level exposure to environmental toxins can be harmful .

As currently designed , the existing tests may miss important effects such as mood changes , impulsive behaviors , and attentional problems that in humans have been shown to result from exposures to environmental toxins [ 24,27,30,37,40 ] .
as currently designed , the [being] tests may miss important effects such as mood changes , impulsive behaviors , and attentional problems that in humans have been shown to result from exposures to environmental toxins [ 24,27,30,37,40 ] .

Steps to Protect Children from Environmental Toxins Children must be better protected from both new and existing chemicals that are known or possible toxins [ 49 ] .
steps to protect children from environmental toxins children must be better protected from both new and [being] chemicals that are known or possible toxins [ 49 ] .

To protect children from existing toxins , such as lead , mercury , and tobacco , the US EPA and FDA need more authority and resources to regulate and reduce emissions and exposures .
to protect children from [being] toxins , such as lead , mercury , and tobacco , the us epa and fda need more authority and resources to regulate and reduce emissions and exposures .

If implemented , these testing requirements would represent a dramatic departure from existing regulations , while providing a powerful incentive for industry to develop less toxic chemicals .
if implemented , these testing requirements would represent a dramatic departure from [being] regulations , while providing a powerful incentive for industry to develop less toxic chemicals .

This type of trial sounds extreme , but it is quite rational when compared to the existing approach of disseminating a potential toxin into children 's environments without any human data about exposure , uptake , or toxicity .
this type of trial sounds extreme , but it is quite rational when compared to the [being] approach of disseminating a potential toxin into children 's environments without any human data about exposure , uptake , or toxicity .

Furthermore , under our existing system , families are neither informed nor given an option to decline involvement in what ultimately are experiments exposing millions of pregnant women and children to potential toxins .
furthermore , under our [being] system , families are neither informed nor given an option to decline involvement in what ultimately are experiments exposing millions of pregnant women and children to potential toxins .

It is time to acknowledge that the existing requirements for toxicity testing and regulations are inadequate to safeguard pregnant women and children .
it is time to acknowledge that the [being] requirements for toxicity testing and regulations are inadequate to safeguard pregnant women and children .

Until a formal regulatory system is developed to effectively screen and identify new and existing chemicals that are toxic to pregnant women and children , we are left to await the next epidemic to warn us about an environmental disaster .
until a formal regulatory system is developed to effectively screen and identify new and [being] chemicals that are toxic to pregnant women and children , we are left to await the next epidemic to warn us about an environmental disaster .

In the debate on universal coverage , three general concepts have been put forward : ( 1 ) the expansion of our current system of public and private programs , ( 2 ) the establishment of a national health service with government ownership of the system , or ( 3 ) the replacement of all current funding with a single , publicly administered , publicly funded program of social insurance that does not alter the existing ownership status of the delivery system .
in the debate on universal coverage , three general concepts have been put forward : ( 1 ) the expansion of our current system of public and private programs , ( 2 ) the establishment of a national health service with government ownership of the system , or ( 3 ) the replacement of all current funding with a single , publicly administered , publicly funded program of social insurance that does not alter the [being] ownership status of the delivery system .

Since some individuals would be left without coverage , a public program , such as the existing Medicaid program for low-income individuals , would be used to cover everyone else .
since some individuals would be left without coverage , a public program , such as the [being] medicaid program for low-income individuals , would be used to cover everyone else .

It is easy and correct to say that Western governments could solve this problem by paying existing institutions to focus on cures for tropical diseases .
it is easy and correct to say that western governments could solve this problem by paying [being] institutions to focus on cures for tropical diseases .

More generally , existing projects such as the University of California at San Francisco 's Tropical Disease Research Unit ( San Francisco , California , United States ) show that even relatively modest computing , chemistry , and biology resources can deliver compounds suitable for clinical trials [ 10 ] .
more generally , [being] projects such as the university of california at san francisco 's tropical disease research unit ( san francisco , california , united states ) show that even relatively modest computing , chemistry , and biology resources can deliver compounds suitable for clinical trials [ 10 ] .

Second , we have already pointed out that existing proposals have difficulty containing costs .
second , we have already pointed out that [being] proposals have difficulty containing costs .

Except for computer time , budgets would be more or less the same as existing software collaborations .
except for computer time , budgets would be more or less the same as [being] software collaborations .

Based on existing software collaborations , we estimate a required minimum “ critical mass ” of a few dozen active members .
based on [being] software collaborations , we estimate a required minimum “ critical mass ” of a few dozen active members .

A Long Road To Travel The positive trends in scientific productivity in Latin America should not be misinterpreted as a reason to be unconcerned about the existing gap highlighted by Mr. Annan .
a long road to travel the positive trends in scientific productivity in latin america should not be misinterpreted as a reason to be unconcerned about the [being] gap highlighted by mr. annan .

Although this figure looks negligible compared with spending on science in the United States and many European countries , it could still be sufficient to support existing actively working groups at a reasonable level .
although this figure looks negligible compared with spending on science in the united states and many european countries , it could still be sufficient to support [being] actively working groups at a reasonable level .

Even the existing funds could go much further if scientific policies were more open , better structured , and more competitive .
even the [being] funds could go much further if scientific policies were more open , better structured , and more competitive .

Among existing drug therapies , 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitors , more commonly known as statins , provide a generally well-tolerated and effective option for lowering LDL-C levels and decreasing the likelihood of subsequent CHD events [ 3,4 ] .
among [being] drug therapies , 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl coenzyme a reductase inhibitors , more commonly known as statins , provide a generally well-tolerated and effective option for lowering ldl-c levels and decreasing the likelihood of subsequent chd events [ 3,4 ] .

Another analysis based on national data estimated that 72 % of Americans with existing CHD would benefit from drug therapy to achieve the target LDL-C goal of 2.59 mmol/l ( 100 mg/dl ) or less , assuming a 10 % LDL-C reduction with diet [ 15 ] .
another analysis based on national data estimated that 72 % of americans with [being] chd would benefit from drug therapy to achieve the target ldl-c goal of 2.59 mmol/l ( 100 mg/dl ) or less , assuming a 10 % ldl-c reduction with diet [ 15 ] .

We also concur with other researchers who have discussed the role that inadequate lifestyle counseling plays in the existing cholesterol treatment gaps [ 10,13 ] .
we also concur with other researchers who have discussed the role that inadequate lifestyle counseling plays in the [being] cholesterol treatment gaps [ 10,13 ] .

The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .
the impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic development initiative launched this year which will enable new and [being] businesses to flourish in this neighborhood .

There are a number of existing endowed memorial scholarships that you might like to donate to or you might like to establish a new one .
there are a number of [being] endowed memorial scholarships that you might like to donate to or you might like to establish a new one .

These are exciting times at the Indianapolis Museum of Art : Our Corot to Picasso Special Exhibition , through April , is a great complement to our existing collection .
these are exciting times at the indianapolis museum of art : our corot to picasso special exhibition , through april , is a great complement to our [being] collection .

Human adults learn to perceive this inherently fluid , relative domain in terms of fixed , solid objects existing within fixed structures of space and time .
human adults learn to perceive this inherently fluid , relative domain in terms of fixed , solid objects [being] within fixed structures of space and time .

For example , noematically I can consider a certain cat who probably exists , but then I can turn back noetically to assess the degree of certitude that characterizes my consideration of that selfsame cat as existing ( # 105 ) .
for example , noematically i can consider a certain cat who probably exists , but then i can turn back noetically to assess the degree of certitude that characterizes my consideration of that selfsame cat as [being] ( # 105 ) .

The helicopter can be optionally equipped to carry out transport and utility roles using equipment kits installed externally on existing hard points .
the helicopter can be optionally equipped to carry out transport and utility roles using equipment kits installed externally on [being] hard points .

Elvis knows this is an obsession of mine ; in Sunday 's Chicago Sun-Times I published a long article that questions widespread beliefs about the Texas Instruments digital projection system and extols a much cheaper film projection system called MaxiVision48 , which uses existing , proven technology , and produces a picture its patent holders claim is 500 percent better ( not a misprint ) than existing film or digital projection , take your choice .
elvis knows this is an obsession of mine ; in sunday 's chicago sun-times i published a long article that questions widespread beliefs about the texas instruments digital projection system and extols a much cheaper film projection system called maxivision48 , which uses [being] , proven technology , and produces a picture its patent holders claim is 500 percent better ( not a misprint ) than [being] film or digital projection , take your choice .

When Brokaw asked Bush whether he would be more aggressive in enforcing existing laws against possession of marijuana , Bush said he favored interdiction and sending the message to kids , `` Do n't be usin ' drugs . ''
when brokaw asked bush whether he would be more aggressive in enforcing [being] laws against possession of marijuana , bush said he favored interdiction and sending the message to kids , `` do n't be usin ' drugs . ''

For instance , the WSJ quotes Greenspan 's comment that `` We have to bring the existing instabilities to a level of stability reasonably shortly .
for instance , the wsj quotes greenspan 's comment that `` we have to bring the [being] instabilities to a level of stability reasonably shortly .

The Jencks and Swingle article provides some of that necessary missing information for the nation as a whole -- as much as the existing statistics can provide .
the jencks and swingle article provides some of that necessary missing information for the nation as a whole -- as much as the [being] statistics can provide .

Most recently , at the behest of Disney and other large media corporations with soon-to-expire copyrights , Congress added 20 years to all existing copyright claims .
most recently , at the behest of disney and other large media corporations with soon-to-expire copyrights , congress added 20 years to all [being] copyright claims .

The trouble is , it would have affected all of our customers ' existing programs , and that was n't something they would have appreciated . ''
the trouble is , it would have affected all of our customers ' [being] programs , and that was n't something they would have appreciated . ''

We welcome scrutiny into our advertising campaign and our organization , but here 's one suggestion : How about waiting for some results before deciding this ca n't possibly work , and how about reading the existing research that shows it can ( `` The Impact of Anti-Drug Advertising , '' Johns Hopkins University ; `` Does Anti-Drug Advertising Work , '' New York University 's Stern School of Business ) ?
we welcome scrutiny into our advertising campaign and our organization , but here 's one suggestion : how about waiting for some results before deciding this ca n't possibly work , and how about reading the [being] research that shows it can ( `` the impact of anti-drug advertising , '' johns hopkins university ; `` does anti-drug advertising work , '' new york university 's stern school of business ) ?

Existing benefits would not be reduced for anyone declining Norplant .
[being] benefits would not be reduced for anyone declining norplant .

The same is true of existing policies promoting free contraception , and of laws like the Hyde Amendment , which denies Medicaid funding for abortions -- not to mention the still extant statutes making it a crime to commit statutory rape ( sex with a consenting minor ) , fornication ( premarital sex ) , and adultery .
the same is true of [being] policies promoting free contraception , and of laws like the hyde amendment , which denies medicaid funding for abortions -- not to mention the still extant statutes making it a crime to commit statutory rape ( sex with a consenting minor ) , fornication ( premarital sex ) , and adultery .

Even if Clinton were to parcel the existing programs out to other departments without appreciably reducing their cost , it would still make political sense to dump DOE .
even if clinton were to parcel the [being] programs out to other departments without appreciably reducing their cost , it would still make political sense to dump doe .

Dozens of Web sites are being added daily , and you never know what will get posted tomorrow even on existing sites or newsgroups .
dozens of web sites are being added daily , and you never know what will get posted tomorrow even on [being] sites or newsgroups .

The agency has launched unthinkingly into this nation 's most massive animal testing program , rather than make the effort to collect the substantial amount of existing data on these chemicals , centralize it , and make it accessible .
the agency has launched unthinkingly into this nation 's most massive animal testing program , rather than make the effort to collect the substantial amount of [being] data on these chemicals , centralize it , and make it accessible .

Why did the equally conservative Richard Gid Powers call Heilbrunn 's accusations against Yale `` absurd '' and existing `` only in the minds of the pathologically suspicious '' on the same page ?
why did the equally conservative richard gid powers call heilbrunn 's accusations against yale `` absurd '' and [being] `` only in the minds of the pathologically suspicious '' on the same page ?

I thought , however , I might take the opportunity to chime in and mention that I have got wind of the existence of an herb , indigenous to Thailand , which reportedly stimulates the actual growth of existing breasts .
i thought , however , i might take the opportunity to chime in and mention that i have got wind of the existence of an herb , indigenous to thailand , which reportedly stimulates the actual growth of [being] breasts .

In an editorial , Ha'aretz urged Barak to help to create a new atmosphere of trust by unilaterally dismantling the outposts illegally established by Israelis on hilltops outside existing West Bank settlements in `` a wild , catch-as-catch-can land grab '' during the run-up to the Wye agreement .
in an editorial , ha'aretz urged barak to help to create a new atmosphere of trust by unilaterally dismantling the outposts illegally established by israelis on hilltops outside [being] west bank settlements in `` a wild , catch-as-catch-can land grab '' during the run-up to the wye agreement .

We have in prospect some years in which , with existing policies , there will be a surplus , and there is a question about how big that surplus should be .
we have in prospect some years in which , with [being] policies , there will be a surplus , and there is a question about how big that surplus should be .

Therefore , `` we should think about '' whether to `` accept the existing prejudices and then try to eugenically manipulate them '' or to transcend those prejudices .
therefore , `` we should think about '' whether to `` accept the [being] prejudices and then try to eugenically manipulate them '' or to transcend those prejudices .

Existing businesses are threatened when a new business comes to town , whether it 's Nordstrom or a shoe repair shop .
[being] businesses are threatened when a new business comes to town , whether it 's nordstrom or a shoe repair shop .

Cable company spinoff WorldGate also wants your television to stay as dumb as an eggbeater , because it 's found a way to offer cheap Internet access through existing cable boxes .
cable company spinoff worldgate also wants your television to stay as dumb as an eggbeater , because it 's found a way to offer cheap internet access through [being] cable boxes .

Are the existing bugs fatal defects , or can we live with them ?
are the [being] bugs fatal defects , or can we live with them ?

I am utterly , utterly serious when I say that Buffy the Vampire Slayer and seriously felt and thought-through opposition to the death penalty existing as they do cheek by jowl in my life , I consider them to be perfectly compatible and cohesive elements of a unified world view .
i am utterly , utterly serious when i say that buffy the vampire slayer and seriously felt and thought-through opposition to the death penalty [being] as they do cheek by jowl in my life , i consider them to be perfectly compatible and cohesive elements of a unified world view .

For the existing garage owners , this is a great deal , since it means that in most neighborhoods there 's effectively no competition .
for the [being] garage owners , this is a great deal , since it means that in most neighborhoods there 's effectively no competition .

What Microsoft is trying to do is latch a separate functionality ( Internet functionality ) onto its existing OS , and claim it is a modification of the OS .
what microsoft is trying to do is latch a separate functionality ( internet functionality ) onto its [being] os , and claim it is a modification of the os .

Unless you can go back in time , cutting the tax rate on existing capital gains can not possibly increase investment in productive resources .
unless you can go back in time , cutting the tax rate on [being] capital gains can not possibly increase investment in productive resources .

If the rule from now on is that nobody can hold office in Washington unless they swear not to try to sway public opinion or undo existing laws , then every congressional Republican with a hankering to overturn Roe vs. Wade might as well start looking for new employment -- Hatch included .
if the rule from now on is that nobody can hold office in washington unless they swear not to try to sway public opinion or undo [being] laws , then every congressional republican with a hankering to overturn roe vs. wade might as well start looking for new employment -- hatch included .

Nonprofit organizations , or 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) s , are in fact encouraged to lobby under existing law , subject to certain limitations .
nonprofit organizations , or 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) s , are in fact encouraged to lobby under [being] law , subject to certain limitations .

Dozens of Web sites are being added daily , and you never know what will get posted tomorrow even on existing sites or newsgroups .
dozens of web sites are being added daily , and you never know what will get posted tomorrow even on [being] sites or newsgroups .

It 's nothing to do with rock vs. showtunes , only with the cruel truth that most contemporary Broadway music is n't very good : not popular music , not serious music , but existing in some grisly limbo in between .
it 's nothing to do with rock vs. showtunes , only with the cruel truth that most contemporary broadway music is n't very good : not popular music , not serious music , but [being] in some grisly limbo in between .

As if to concede the John P. Wintergreen/John P. Tweedledee interchangeability , most campaigns eventually settled for an `` INSERT NAME OF CANDIDATE HERE '' approach , shoehorning their man into the handiest existing song .
as if to concede the john p. wintergreen/john p. tweedledee interchangeability , most campaigns eventually settled for an `` insert name of candidate here '' approach , shoehorning their man into the handiest [being] song .

George Pataki , relented in exchange for a compromise plan that will gradually raise rents by regulating the existing regulations .
george pataki , relented in exchange for a compromise plan that will gradually raise rents by regulating the [being] regulations .

But of course Starr would never do that because he 's a `` public figure '' and under existing Amendment precedents would have the same trouble proving his case that Blumenthal will have in his suit against Drudge ...
but of course starr would never do that because he 's a `` public figure '' and under [being] amendment precedents would have the same trouble proving his case that blumenthal will have in his suit against drudge ...

Opponents of gun control blame federal authorities for failing to enforce existing laws .
opponents of gun control blame federal authorities for failing to enforce [being] laws .

Until the Acela is launched , existing trains will be made noisier , so that it seems like they 're going faster . ''
until the acela is launched , [being] trains will be made noisier , so that it seems like they 're going faster . ''

His design so subtly integrates its additions that it hardly seems to change the existing site .
his design so subtly integrates its additions that it hardly seems to change the [being] site .

Its executives are trying to either bisect the existing company or , more likely , merge with another agro-drug conglomerate and then bisect the whole thing .
its executives are trying to either bisect the [being] company or , more likely , merge with another agro-drug conglomerate and then bisect the whole thing .

Others envision a conference center , an aquarium , and a performing-arts center ( to complement the already existing fine-arts center ) .
others envision a conference center , an aquarium , and a performing-arts center ( to complement the already [being] fine-arts center ) .

It should also induce firms to provide more computer training for existing workers .
it should also induce firms to provide more computer training for [being] workers .

While it 's now well known that at least half of all mergers fail -- in the sense that they destroy rather than create shareholder value -- it 's also become well known that certain companies are exceptionally good at integrating acquisitions into their existing operations .
while it 's now well known that at least half of all mergers fail -- in the sense that they destroy rather than create shareholder value -- it 's also become well known that certain companies are exceptionally good at integrating acquisitions into their [being] operations .

Izvestiya warned that the addition of a political crisis to the existing economic crisis might result in `` a revolutionary situation . ''
izvestiya warned that the addition of a political crisis to the [being] economic crisis might result in `` a revolutionary situation . ''

Of the 58 burials approved by West , 42 were in existing graves .
of the 58 burials approved by west , 42 were in [being] graves .

The Journal reports that three of the four major networks said that this latest move will have no impact on their existing policies prohibiting liquor ads .
the journal reports that three of the four major networks said that this latest move will have no impact on their [being] policies prohibiting liquor ads .

A higher stock price makes it more difficult to lure employees with stock options , and , more important , makes existing options more expensive .
a higher stock price makes it more difficult to lure employees with stock options , and , more important , makes [being] options more expensive .

His masterwork was Eminent Victorians , a collection of brief revisionist essays about great men and women of the 19th century that contributed no new facts but rather a mocking spin on existing ones .
his masterwork was eminent victorians , a collection of brief revisionist essays about great men and women of the 19th century that contributed no new facts but rather a mocking spin on [being] ones .

Ben worked in a diner and was tired of clunky sugar dispensers and so converted an existing piece of machinery , a tea bagger , creating the first sugar packet .
ben worked in a diner and was tired of clunky sugar dispensers and so converted an [being] piece of machinery , a tea bagger , creating the first sugar packet .

Tolly worked in narcotics and knew there was a Southern market for drugs and so converted an existing piece of machinery , creating the first morphine pill .
tolly worked in narcotics and knew there was a southern market for drugs and so converted an [being] piece of machinery , creating the first morphine pill .

Are n't the existing Internet stocks depressed ?
are n't the [being] internet stocks depressed ?

When Keats likens himself in this poem to `` stout Cortez , '' who discovered the Pacific , is he implying that Cortez somehow resented the Pacific for existing before he discovered it ?
when keats likens himself in this poem to `` stout cortez , '' who discovered the pacific , is he implying that cortez somehow resented the pacific for [being] before he discovered it ?

Traditionally , most scholars have believed there 's only one existing portrait of Jane Austen , a rather unflattering sketch by the novelist 's sister .
traditionally , most scholars have believed there 's only one [being] portrait of jane austen , a rather unflattering sketch by the novelist 's sister .

He has emphasized his commitment to the principles of the Islamic republic , and will do nothing to fundamentally alter the existing political system .
he has emphasized his commitment to the principles of the islamic republic , and will do nothing to fundamentally alter the [being] political system .

Conservatives thwarted them and captured Congress by convincing voters that the plan threatened existing health benefits , particularly the right of patients to choose their doctors .
conservatives thwarted them and captured congress by convincing voters that the plan threatened [being] health benefits , particularly the right of patients to choose their doctors .

These are not , mind you , actual existing bridges , like London Bridge or the Pont Neuf , but are `` generic , and can not be attributed to any particular place in any single country . ''
these are not , mind you , actual [being] bridges , like london bridge or the pont neuf , but are `` generic , and can not be attributed to any particular place in any single country . ''

Imagine allowing sand to slowly trickle onto an existing pile .
imagine allowing sand to slowly trickle onto an [being] pile .

Having reached this mature configuration , a person continues to pile up grains of experience , building on the existing base .
having reached this mature configuration , a person continues to pile up grains of experience , building on the [being] base .

Existing taxes already discourage people from engaging in taxable activities like working or investing .
[being] taxes already discourage people from engaging in taxable activities like working or investing .

He downplays the importance of arms control , stressing instead the need for non-proliferation , anti-missile systems , and the safe storage of existing nuclear weapons .
he downplays the importance of arms control , stressing instead the need for non-proliferation , anti-missile systems , and the safe storage of [being] nuclear weapons .

Until , that is , more oil becomes available , either through expanded production by the leading oil-producing nations or expanded exploitation of existing reserves by the giant oil multinationals .
until , that is , more oil becomes available , either through expanded production by the leading oil-producing nations or expanded exploitation of [being] reserves by the giant oil multinationals .

The worst Gore can be accused of on the basis of existing evidence is being protected to a minor degree without his own knowledge or consent .
the worst gore can be accused of on the basis of [being] evidence is being protected to a minor degree without his own knowledge or consent .

Sony , the electronics giant famous for inventing and marketing products that consumers never knew they wanted , shelled out what Variety reported to be $ 6 billion for Columbia , a figure that included the cost of severing Guber and Peters ' existing contract with Warner .
sony , the electronics giant famous for inventing and marketing products that consumers never knew they wanted , shelled out what variety reported to be $ 6 billion for columbia , a figure that included the cost of severing guber and peters ' [being] contract with warner .

Under the existing architecture , commercial sites get it for free .
under the [being] architecture , commercial sites get it for free .

One consequence of this consequence of non-discrimination was that new applications could be brought to the Net , even if they displaced the dominant existing application .
one consequence of this consequence of non-discrimination was that new applications could be brought to the net , even if they displaced the dominant [being] application .

To do that it becomes important to use , but not abuse , the analogies that are available to us from existing spaces .
to do that it becomes important to use , but not abuse , the analogies that are available to us from [being] spaces .

Example : Penn asks , `` Do you think it would be better to stay within the existing [ Social Security ] system -- for example , raise payroll taxes and cut benefits -- or would it be better to move toward more structural changes to Social Security like letting people control portions of their own retirement savings ? ''
example : penn asks , `` do you think it would be better to stay within the [being] [ social security ] system -- for example , raise payroll taxes and cut benefits -- or would it be better to move toward more structural changes to social security like letting people control portions of their own retirement savings ? ''

Example : Penn asks , `` Do you think the role of government is to redistribute existing wealth or to foster conditions that enable everyone to have a chance to make a higher income ? ''
example : penn asks , `` do you think the role of government is to redistribute [being] wealth or to foster conditions that enable everyone to have a chance to make a higher income ? ''

It 's a classic example of a company creating a market rather than responding to an existing one .
it 's a classic example of a company creating a market rather than responding to an [being] one .

The Senate wanted rules that would prevent governors from substituting the federal money for existing state spending .
the senate wanted rules that would prevent governors from substituting the federal money for [being] state spending .

He recommends that investors leverage their existing capital , so that more than half of their investments are purchased on margin ( that is , loaned to them by their broker ) .
he recommends that investors leverage their [being] capital , so that more than half of their investments are purchased on margin ( that is , loaned to them by their broker ) .

The stock options market does n't make it easier for companies to go public , or for existing companies to raise money .
the stock options market does n't make it easier for companies to go public , or for [being] companies to raise money .

Of course , existing owners do n't want new teams in their markets .
of course , [being] owners do n't want new teams in their markets .

The much-feared power of the WTO to overrule local laws is strictly limited to enforcement of the spirit of existing agreements .
the much-feared power of the wto to overrule local laws is strictly limited to enforcement of the spirit of [being] agreements .

The FT also said that `` big divergences over agriculture and implementation of existing agreements finally scuppered all chances of accord on a draft text , which would only have laid out a set of choices for ministers to make on the scope and objectives of the negotiations . ''
the ft also said that `` big divergences over agriculture and implementation of [being] agreements finally scuppered all chances of accord on a draft text , which would only have laid out a set of choices for ministers to make on the scope and objectives of the negotiations . ''

Finally , it 's crucial to remember that day traders have the dubious advantage of playing with the house 's money , since most firms will lend them up to 50 percent of their existing capital to buy more stocks with .
finally , it 's crucial to remember that day traders have the dubious advantage of playing with the house 's money , since most firms will lend them up to 50 percent of their [being] capital to buy more stocks with .

A change in reality from `` nature '' ( during agrarian times ) and `` technics '' during the Industrial Revolution , to reality existing as `` the social world '' ... `` Society itself becomes a web of consciousness , a form of imagination to be realized as a social construction . ''
a change in reality from `` nature '' ( during agrarian times ) and `` technics '' during the industrial revolution , to reality [being] as `` the social world '' ... `` society itself becomes a web of consciousness , a form of imagination to be realized as a social construction . ''

Pundits said the debate reinforced the race 's existing dynamics : 1 ) McCain continued to `` portray himself as an outsider and as the only candidate willing to speak often unpopular truths '' ; 2 ) Bauer , Forbes , Hatch , and Keyes highlighted their conservative credentials while painting Bush as an unprincipled centrist ; and 3 ) Bush maintained his front-runner status , responding to attacks with `` a more assertive demeanor and a more confident manner '' than in previous debates .
pundits said the debate reinforced the race 's [being] dynamics : 1 ) mccain continued to `` portray himself as an outsider and as the only candidate willing to speak often unpopular truths '' ; 2 ) bauer , forbes , hatch , and keyes highlighted their conservative credentials while painting bush as an unprincipled centrist ; and 3 ) bush maintained his front-runner status , responding to attacks with `` a more assertive demeanor and a more confident manner '' than in previous debates .

There 's a widespread and largely sensible aversion to the mechanistic application of existing campaign-finance regulations to the rapidly evolving medium of the Internet .
there 's a widespread and largely sensible aversion to the mechanistic application of [being] campaign-finance regulations to the rapidly evolving medium of the internet .

Ignoring an existing campaign by watchmaker Swatch to divide the Internet day into 1,000 `` beats '' of one minute 26.4 seconds , British Prime Minister Tony Blair and `` e-Minister '' Patricia Hewitt are set to announce the creation of Greenwich Electronic Time -- GeT -- as the international standard clock for Internet traders and users .
ignoring an [being] campaign by watchmaker swatch to divide the internet day into 1,000 `` beats '' of one minute 26.4 seconds , british prime minister tony blair and `` e-minister '' patricia hewitt are set to announce the creation of greenwich electronic time -- get -- as the international standard clock for internet traders and users .

Instead , Gore cut him off -- and now Bradley ca n't connect his campaign-finance crusade , under the rubric of reform , to his challenges to existing welfare-state policies on health and education .
instead , gore cut him off -- and now bradley ca n't connect his campaign-finance crusade , under the rubric of reform , to his challenges to [being] welfare-state policies on health and education .

The German press led on the deal struck at a stormy meeting of the Green Party , a member of Germany 's ruling coalition , by which the government of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder is permitted to hold to its existing war policy .
the german press led on the deal struck at a stormy meeting of the green party , a member of germany 's ruling coalition , by which the government of chancellor gerhard schröder is permitted to hold to its [being] war policy .

What Gerth alleges , and fails to prove , is the much more glamorous charge that Clinton short-circuited existing laws to allow a major Democratic donor to sell ballistic weapons secrets to China .
what gerth alleges , and fails to prove , is the much more glamorous charge that clinton short-circuited [being] laws to allow a major democratic donor to sell ballistic weapons secrets to china .

Although owners complain about annual losses , there is no shortage of bidders willing to pay record sums for existing teams or new franchises .
although owners complain about annual losses , there is no shortage of bidders willing to pay record sums for [being] teams or new franchises .

Telecommunications reform is supposed to break down existing barriers between these media so that , for example , phone companies will sell television hookups and cable companies will offer telephone service .
telecommunications reform is supposed to break down [being] barriers between these media so that , for example , phone companies will sell television hookups and cable companies will offer telephone service .

As the Internet grows and changes , how is existing tax law being applied ?
as the internet grows and changes , how is [being] tax law being applied ?

Taxing online sales of mailed products is one obvious revenue opportunity under existing tax law .
taxing online sales of mailed products is one obvious revenue opportunity under [being] tax law .

While they play along , Republicans fantasize about a Democratic scandal huge enough to overturn the existing political dynamic .
while they play along , republicans fantasize about a democratic scandal huge enough to overturn the [being] political dynamic .

You can also download all 26 existing chapters as a Microsoft Word or an Adobe Acrobat file .
you can also download all 26 [being] chapters as a microsoft word or an adobe acrobat file .

Existing regulations also call for ex post facto attention .
[being] regulations also call for ex post facto attention .

The presidential smoking ban would , says the WP , `` set a standard policy across the government and extend existing prohibitions to places currently exempt , such as military officers ' clubs . ''
the presidential smoking ban would , says the wp , `` set a standard policy across the government and extend [being] prohibitions to places currently exempt , such as military officers ' clubs . ''

The existing tobacco program , however , looks as though it will survive -- which is even more notable , considering that last year Congress enacted legislation putting most other farm subsidies on the path to extinction .
the [being] tobacco program , however , looks as though it will survive -- which is even more notable , considering that last year congress enacted legislation putting most other farm subsidies on the path to extinction .

Two days later , the Department of Energy boosted an existing contract with the company by $ 9 million .
two days later , the department of energy boosted an [being] contract with the company by $ 9 million .

As Bernard says , `` The labor movement is eternally in danger of becoming a Contracts ' R ' Us operation that only services its existing members .
as bernard says , `` the labor movement is eternally in danger of becoming a contracts ' r ' us operation that only services its [being] members .

Compared to 1997 , sales of existing homes were up 14 percent in 1998 .
compared to 1997 , sales of [being] homes were up 14 percent in 1998 .

The WP forecasts that the Senate trial will either be a `` tedious rehashing of the existing evidence '' or `` a full O.J .
the wp forecasts that the senate trial will either be a `` tedious rehashing of the [being] evidence '' or `` a full o.j .

The Viking invasion of the eighth and ninth centuries gave a strong practical bias to the earlier existing Celtic culture , and many Norse words remain in the dialect .
the viking invasion of the eighth and ninth centuries gave a strong practical bias to the earlier [being] celtic culture , and many norse words remain in the dialect .

Without going into too much detail about previously existing programs , suffice it to say that one has to write a command in the proper query language ; once invoked , that command produces a file called a results file , which may now be printed using a menu similar to that for the entries .
without going into too much detail about previously [being] programs , suffice it to say that one has to write a command in the proper query language ; once invoked , that command produces a file called a results file , which may now be printed using a menu similar to that for the entries .

The word was clearly felt to be a low word and there remains the possibility that Norton 's role was more that of a promoter than of an inventor , that there was an existing word , probably a regional dialect word , that he brought to the surface and to which he gave a new currency .
the word was clearly felt to be a low word and there remains the possibility that norton 's role was more that of a promoter than of an inventor , that there was an [being] word , probably a regional dialect word , that he brought to the surface and to which he gave a new currency .

It would be going too far to assert that they are critical of existing structures .
it would be going too far to assert that they are critical of [being] structures .

One difference is that other groups need to do so because in order to function they must either attach new meanings to existing words and phrases or coin new words and pharases .
one difference is that other groups need to do so because in order to function they must either attach new meanings to [being] words and phrases or coin new words and pharases .

Therefore , they implicitly replace existing definitions , and , because in the future judges will accept as precedents the cases in which they do so , they truly do change the meanings of words and phrases .
therefore , they implicitly replace [being] definitions , and , because in the future judges will accept as precedents the cases in which they do so , they truly do change the meanings of words and phrases .

Its facilitating role is to create a new word from an existing one owing to some similarity in their referents .
its facilitating role is to create a new word from an [being] one owing to some similarity in their referents .

In the first place , with all the new dictionaries published since 1960 and the updatings and revisions of existing works that continue to appear , both in the US and the UK , it is difficult to see why Green chose to go back to 1960 as a point of departure , unless one takes into account the publication of the Barnhart Dictionary of New English Since 1963 ( 1973 ) and its second edition ( 1980 ) and assumes that this book was intended to compete with them ; certainly , Neologisms has n't patch on Barnhart 's books .
in the first place , with all the new dictionaries published since 1960 and the updatings and revisions of [being] works that continue to appear , both in the us and the uk , it is difficult to see why green chose to go back to 1960 as a point of departure , unless one takes into account the publication of the barnhart dictionary of new english since 1963 ( 1973 ) and its second edition ( 1980 ) and assumes that this book was intended to compete with them ; certainly , neologisms has n't patch on barnhart 's books .

That is not the truism it appears to be : as lexicographers add entries , increasing the depth to which the lexicon is being probed , they must add definitions , proportionally increasing the coverage of existing entries ( which often accomplishes little or nothing to increase the entry count ) .
that is not the truism it appears to be : as lexicographers add entries , increasing the depth to which the lexicon is being probed , they must add definitions , proportionally increasing the coverage of [being] entries ( which often accomplishes little or nothing to increase the entry count ) .

However , as his followers , presecuted and harried out of the estern US to the godforsaken wastes of what is now Utah , then proceeded in build Zion as they made the desert bloom , they and their descendants have also contributed some unique words to the English language ( or , in some cases , some unique twists on existing words ) .
however , as his followers , presecuted and harried out of the estern us to the godforsaken wastes of what is now utah , then proceeded in build zion as they made the desert bloom , they and their descendants have also contributed some unique words to the english language ( or , in some cases , some unique twists on [being] words ) .

Travellers in Spain over teh centuries have always , consciously or not , emphasized the deep division existing between townsman and peasant , especially reflected in the food eaten by one and the other .
travellers in spain over teh centuries have always , consciously or not , emphasized the deep division [being] between townsman and peasant , especially reflected in the food eaten by one and the other .

A word thus formed by breaking up an existing combining form , prefix , root , or suffix should also have a name .
a word thus formed by breaking up an [being] combining form , prefix , root , or suffix should also have a name .

Finally , we need a word for all these words that identify a category of words — the existing words such as synonym , antonym , and homonym , and the suggested neonyms—bicronym , fractonym , etymonym , and the others .
finally , we need a word for all these words that identify a category of words — the [being] words such as synonym , antonym , and homonym , and the suggested neonyms—bicronym , fractonym , etymonym , and the others .

Any item with two or more examples may be considered secure ; an item from a single non-glossarial source that parallels an existing expression may also be considered secure ; an item with only a single glossarial citation would have been kept out unless a confirming example could be solicited .
any item with two or more examples may be considered secure ; an item from a single non-glossarial source that parallels an [being] expression may also be considered secure ; an item with only a single glossarial citation would have been kept out unless a confirming example could be solicited .

One of the problems with existing names is that they can be misleading or ambiguous : Sound View Drive , for instance , has not afforded a view of the Sound since all those houses were built in the 1920s .
one of the problems with [being] names is that they can be misleading or ambiguous : sound view drive , for instance , has not afforded a view of the sound since all those houses were built in the 1920s .

Backwords differ from back formations : the latter are words ( often verbs ) formed on existing words ( often nouns ) by severing an ending .
backwords differ from back formations : the latter are words ( often verbs ) formed on [being] words ( often nouns ) by severing an ending .

To sum up , this is a comparative dictionary with a number of useful features , as if Mertvago wanted to fill in gaps existing in other dictionaries .
to sum up , this is a comparative dictionary with a number of useful features , as if mertvago wanted to fill in gaps [being] in other dictionaries .

They are mainly social historians , with many an anecdote to relate about why settlers from Europe transferred existing names .
they are mainly social historians , with many an anecdote to relate about why settlers from europe transferred [being] names .

In Russia , the word become associated with the existing zal ` hall , ' so that vokzal meant 'concert hall . '
in russia , the word become associated with the [being] zal ` hall , ' so that vokzal meant 'concert hall . '

In German , as new words are needed , they are often formed from smaller words already existing .
in german , as new words are needed , they are often formed from smaller words already [being] .

