This will have a beneficial effect by expediting public business ; ;
this will have a beneficial effect by [speeding up/hurrying] public business ; ;

Our Office of Foreign and Domestic Commerce carries on a vigorous program , directly aimed at solving and expediting the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories .
our office of foreign and domestic commerce carries on a vigorous program , directly aimed at solving and [speeding up/hurrying] the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories .

But Bianco was adamant the expediting of the process was for the benefit of staff and users alike .
but bianco was adamant the [speeding up/hurrying] of the process was for the benefit of staff and users alike .

‘ Where shortages occur , local authorities are advised to increase the housing land supply by expediting planning applications ’ .
‘ where shortages occur , local authorities are advised to increase the housing land supply by [speeding up/hurrying] planning applications ’ .

19 . Expediting registration
19 . [speeding up/hurrying] registration

For example , though he made a number of proposals to increase public participation his overriding concern for expediting procedures forced him to compress these into a impracticable time-scale .
for example , though he made a number of proposals to increase public participation his overriding concern for [speeding up/hurrying] procedures forced him to compress these into a impracticable time-scale .

These might include inviting and expediting planning applications , seeking to overcome infrastructure problems quickly , or being prepared to acquire compulsorily land needed for development which an owner is unwilling to sell .
these might include inviting and [speeding up/hurrying] planning applications , seeking to overcome infrastructure problems quickly , or being prepared to acquire compulsorily land needed for development which an owner is unwilling to sell .

In the simplest systems , where only one program is running at a time , this means merely expediting the changeover from one program to the next .
in the simplest systems , where only one program is running at a time , this means merely [speeding up/hurrying] the changeover from one program to the next .

Work with the London boroughs on expediting planning procedures for primary health care premises
work with the london boroughs on [speeding up/hurrying] planning procedures for primary health care premises

Sam Rollins believes in expediting the judicial process .
sam rollins believes in [speeding up/hurrying] the judicial process .

To assist the food and beverage manager run the department , there are between four and six assistant managers who are involved in the many and varied aspects of management — from running a food expediting line in the galley through which 1200 entrées will pass in 30 minutes , to being responsible for a small reception for some VIPs .
to assist the food and beverage manager run the department , there are between four and six assistant managers who are involved in the many and varied aspects of management — from running a food [speeding up/hurrying] line in the galley through which 1200 entrées will pass in 30 minutes , to being responsible for a small reception for some vips .

Sometimes even junior Libyan officials dug their heels in on particular points of practical application of rules , and rejected all attempts by their colleagues and superiors to persuade , cajole , order , bully them into expediting business .
sometimes even junior libyan officials dug their heels in on particular points of practical application of rules , and rejected all attempts by their colleagues and superiors to persuade , cajole , order , bully them into [speeding up/hurrying] business .

As in Nikol'skaia volost , all fifty-nine Poltava cells spent nearly all their time and energy on tax-collecting and expediting administrative directives from higher authorities .
as in nikol'skaia volost , all fifty-nine poltava cells spent nearly all their time and energy on tax-collecting and [speeding up/hurrying] administrative directives from higher authorities .

The risk of improper payments increases in programs with ( 1 ) complex criteria for computing payments , ( 2 ) a significant volume of transactions , or ( 3 ) emphasis on expediting payments .
the risk of improper payments increases in programs with ( 1 ) complex criteria for computing payments , ( 2 ) a significant volume of transactions , or ( 3 ) emphasis on [speeding up/hurrying] payments .

The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce , and by expediting the Commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .
the rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the postal service is required to produce , and by [speeding up/hurrying] the commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .

