These manoeuvres , expedited by good lateral railway systems in both France and Germany , became misleadingly known as ‘ the race to the sea ’ .
these manoeuvres , [sped up/hurried] by good lateral railway systems in both france and germany , became misleadingly known as ‘ the race to the sea ’ .

Process control may be expedited by the use of control charts , which can show in graph form actual performance against standard performance , and the amount of any deviation .
process control may be [sped up/hurried] by the use of control charts , which can show in graph form actual performance against standard performance , and the amount of any deviation .

If the Communists were steadily driven out of the Labour Party and expedited the process by withdrawing themselves from the official levels of the labour movement , the Independent Labour Party drifted uncertainly into opposition to the Labour leadership and finally expelled itself from the party it had helped to found .
if the communists were steadily driven out of the labour party and [sped up/hurried] the process by withdrawing themselves from the official levels of the labour movement , the independent labour party drifted uncertainly into opposition to the labour leadership and finally expelled itself from the party it had helped to found .

But much energy is expended fruitlessly by parallel work by different bodies , who by pooling their resources and expertise could have expedited the work and improved its quality .
but much energy is expended fruitlessly by parallel work by different bodies , who by pooling their resources and expertise could have [sped up/hurried] the work and improved its quality .

As this trip was taking much longer than planned , due to many orbits and several beautiful parts of the coastline flown as slowly as possible , we expedited lunch , and were soon airborne heading north to pick up the coast again .
as this trip was taking much longer than planned , due to many orbits and several beautiful parts of the coastline flown as slowly as possible , we [sped up/hurried] lunch , and were soon airborne heading north to pick up the coast again .

It is said that this was one principal factor behind the setting up of a number of Court of Session rules setting out expedited procedures back in 1988 .
it is said that this was one principal factor behind the setting up of a number of court of session rules setting out [sped up/hurried] procedures back in 1988 .

An agreement had hastily been arrived at , to the effect that Cornelius would be kept on at school for an indefinite period until matters could be expedited .
an agreement had hastily been arrived at , to the effect that cornelius would be kept on at school for an indefinite period until matters could be [sped up/hurried] .

He ordered an expedited hearing , likely to be shortly after Christmas .
he ordered an [sped up/hurried] hearing , likely to be shortly after christmas .

The process will , of course , be greatly expedited if the Tories form the next Government and the Prime Minister can claim to be his own man with his own mandate .
the process will , of course , be greatly [sped up/hurried] if the tories form the next government and the prime minister can claim to be his own man with his own mandate .

By doing this the work of the council is expedited and the officers of the council are able to get on with the instructions of the committee without waiting for confirmation by the council of the decisions of the committee .
by doing this the work of the council is [sped up/hurried] and the officers of the council are able to get on with the instructions of the committee without waiting for confirmation by the council of the decisions of the committee .

Congress may want to consider not expressly providing certain flexibilities in the initial legislation , but rather providing a mechanism for expedited consideration of flexibilities should the new department request them in the future .
congress may want to consider not expressly providing certain flexibilities in the initial legislation , but rather providing a mechanism for [sped up/hurried] consideration of flexibilities should the new department request them in the future .

The final analysis points out that the expedited application/notice procedures and the removal of unnecessary and outmoded regulatory restriction will be particularly helpful to small bank holding companies .
the final analysis points out that the [sped up/hurried] application/notice procedures and the removal of unnecessary and outmoded regulatory restriction will be particularly helpful to small bank holding companies .

Ranking Minority Member Committee on the Judiciary House of Representatives Subject : Department of Justice , Immigration and Naturalization Service and Executive Office for Immigration Review : Inspection and Expedited Removal of Aliens ; Detention and Removal of Aliens ; Conduct of Removal Proceedings ; Asylum Procedures Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the Department of Justice , Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) and Executive Office for Immigration Review ( EOIR ) , entitled `` Inspection and Expedited Removal of Aliens ; Detention and Removal of Aliens ; Conduct of Removal Proceedings ; Asylum Procedures '' ( RIN : 1115-AE47 ) .
ranking minority member committee on the judiciary house of representatives subject : department of justice , immigration and naturalization service and executive office for immigration review : inspection and [sped up/hurried] removal of aliens ; detention and removal of aliens ; conduct of removal proceedings ; asylum procedures pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on a major rule promulgated by the department of justice , immigration and naturalization service ( ins ) and executive office for immigration review ( eoir ) , entitled `` inspection and [sped up/hurried] removal of aliens ; detention and removal of aliens ; conduct of removal proceedings ; asylum procedures '' ( rin : 1115-ae47 ) .

The interim rule implements the provisions of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 ( IIRIRA ) governing expedited and regular removal proceedings , handling asylum claims and other activities involving the apprehension , detention , hearing of claims and ultimately the removal of inadmissible and deportable aliens .
the interim rule implements the provisions of the illegal immigration reform and immigrant responsibility act of 1996 ( iirira ) governing [sped up/hurried] and regular removal proceedings , handling asylum claims and other activities involving the apprehension , detention , hearing of claims and ultimately the removal of inadmissible and deportable aliens .

Office of the General Counsel B-276475.2 May 19 , 1997 The Honorable David McIntosh Chairman , Subcommittee on National Economic Growth , Natural Resources , and Regulatory Affairs Committee on Government Reform and Oversight House of Representatives Dear Mr. Chairman : This is in reply to your inquiry regarding our Office 's March 28 , 1997 , Congressional Review Act report on a major rule concerning the inspection and expedited removal of aliens issued by the Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) and the Executive Office for Immigration Review of the Department of Justice ( GAO/OGC-97-32 ) .
office of the general counsel b-276475.2 may 19 , 1997 the honorable david mcintosh chairman , subcommittee on national economic growth , natural resources , and regulatory affairs committee on government reform and oversight house of representatives dear mr. chairman : this is in reply to your inquiry regarding our office 's march 28 , 1997 , congressional review act report on a major rule concerning the inspection and [sped up/hurried] removal of aliens issued by the immigration and naturalization service ( ins ) and the executive office for immigration review of the department of justice ( gao/ogc-97-32 ) .

We 've issued rules to encourage experimentation by the Postal Service and established procedures for expedited treatment of non-controversial cases .
we 've issued rules to encourage experimentation by the postal service and established procedures for [sped up/hurried] treatment of non-controversial cases .

The first outlines the Postal Service 's current legal authority to introduce new products and services , the role of the Postal Rate Commission in that process , and the procedural mechanisms available for expedited approval of such innovations .
the first outlines the postal service 's current legal authority to introduce new products and services , the role of the postal rate commission in that process , and the procedural mechanisms available for [sped up/hurried] approval of such innovations .

Commission proceedings in which the Postal Service has sought to introduce service innovations-some of them customized for particular groups of mailers-on an expedited basis .
commission proceedings in which the postal service has sought to introduce service innovations-some of them customized for particular groups of mailers-on an [sped up/hurried] basis .

Three of the new sets of rules prescribe expedited procedures for particular categories of Postal Service requests .
three of the new sets of rules prescribe [sped up/hurried] procedures for particular categories of postal service requests .

The first set of these new procedural rules , incorporated into the Commission 's rules of practice as sections 161 through 166,7 establish expedited procedures for consideration of Postal Service proposed market tests of potential new services .
the first set of these new procedural rules , incorporated into the commission 's rules of practice as sections 161 through 166,7 establish [sped up/hurried] procedures for consideration of postal service proposed market tests of potential new services .

One recommendation included in the Service 's petition was adoption of Commission rules for reviewing on an expedited basis `` service agreements with postal customers , varying from the general rate and classifications schedules in ways which add value both for the customer and for the postal system as a whole .
one recommendation included in the service 's petition was adoption of commission rules for reviewing on an [sped up/hurried] basis `` service agreements with postal customers , varying from the general rate and classifications schedules in ways which add value both for the customer and for the postal system as a whole .

Since then , the Commission has conducted several mail classification proceedings under the other expedited procedures adopted in that rulemaking .
since then , the commission has conducted several mail classification proceedings under the other [sped up/hurried] procedures adopted in that rulemaking .

We found that the response was , if anything , expedited by the increased number of staff at the sectors and at NORAD because of the scheduled exercise .
we found that the response was , if anything , [sped up/hurried] by the increased number of staff at the sectors and at norad because of the scheduled exercise .

Recommendation : Congress should support pending legislation which provides for the expedited and increased assignment of radio spectrum for public safety purposes .
recommendation : congress should support pending legislation which provides for the [sped up/hurried] and increased assignment of radio spectrum for public safety purposes .

The Supremes ' unwillingness to give Starr an expedited hearing -- Issue 2 -- is generally taken as a small to medium White House victory .
the supremes ' unwillingness to give starr an [sped up/hurried] hearing -- issue 2 -- is generally taken as a small to medium white house victory .

