The uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools , which expend the largest share of local disbursements .
the uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools , which [spend] the largest share of local disbursements .

And expend all your central heating ?
and [spend] all your central heating ?

Some old people living alone , who are very frail , are unable to expend all the energy required to take a bath or shower unattended every day , and if their standards of personal hygiene have always been good this can be a real worry to them .
some old people living alone , who are very frail , are unable to [spend] all the energy required to take a bath or shower unattended every day , and if their standards of personal hygiene have always been good this can be a real worry to them .

If the Steam Tank is obliged to expend steam points because of a ‘ malfunction ’ result on the Boiler Table , the steam points must be used to move away from the enemy during the turn in which it is affected .
if the steam tank is obliged to [spend] steam points because of a ‘ malfunction ’ result on the boiler table , the steam points must be used to move away from the enemy during the turn in which it is affected .

You expend energy speeding millions of protons so that they can resist their mutual repulsion , but only a handful actually collide and fuse giving energy back .
you [spend] energy speeding millions of protons so that they can resist their mutual repulsion , but only a handful actually collide and fuse giving energy back .

The husband can feel abandoned , and expend more of his time and energy in his work .
the husband can feel abandoned , and [spend] more of his time and energy in his work .

We must not expend every last drop of sympathy on William Titford the cardmaker , for there are others who need some too ; William 's brother Thomas was one .
we must not [spend] every last drop of sympathy on william titford the cardmaker , for there are others who need some too ; william 's brother thomas was one .

The question to be asked , therefore , is : can the nation afford to increase the resources it already feels obliged to expend on the very old ?
the question to be asked , therefore , is : can the nation afford to increase the resources it already feels obliged to [spend] on the very old ?

The culmination of abolition in 1806 and 1807 was much less marked by local committee activity and the African Institution did not expend great efforts on recreating or maintaining a national network of local groups .
the culmination of abolition in 1806 and 1807 was much less marked by local committee activity and the african institution did not [spend] great efforts on recreating or maintaining a national network of local groups .

If culture were transmitted genetically it would scarcely be necessary to expend such time and energy training children : it would be so much easier !
if culture were transmitted genetically it would scarcely be necessary to [spend] such time and energy training children : it would be so much easier !

The more often they mate , the more likely they are to be the one who fertilises the eggs , and the more certain they can be that the offspring they expend so much time and energy in rearing are theirs .
the more often they mate , the more likely they are to be the one who fertilises the eggs , and the more certain they can be that the offspring they [spend] so much time and energy in rearing are theirs .

But even if you were you need n't expend any sympathy on my behalf — my tonsured condition is a matter of design rather than accident .
but even if you were you need n't [spend] any sympathy on my behalf — my tonsured condition is a matter of design rather than accident .

the Doctor wondered , before the reason struck him : the man must have carried a briefcase or similar object cuffed to his wrist , and his assailants had n't been willing to expend time on subtleties like lockpicking .
the doctor wondered , before the reason struck him : the man must have carried a briefcase or similar object cuffed to his wrist , and his assailants had n't been willing to [spend] time on subtleties like lockpicking .

Some writers have suggested that men get paid more than women because women can neither work the hours necessary to earn the higher rates , nor do they possess the skills to get the better jobs because of the time and effort they expend on the care of home and children .
some writers have suggested that men get paid more than women because women can neither work the hours necessary to earn the higher rates , nor do they possess the skills to get the better jobs because of the time and effort they [spend] on the care of home and children .

If the hummingbird comes back too soon , there will not be enough food to compensate for the energy it had to expend in getting there .
if the hummingbird comes back too soon , there will not be enough food to compensate for the energy it had to [spend] in getting there .

Halfway through the week Nigel and Andrew convinced us that it would be worthwhile to expend some energy skinning uphill in pursuit of good snow and a sight of the enormous snow-filled valleys that lay beyond the Chamonix liftsystem .
halfway through the week nigel and andrew convinced us that it would be worthwhile to [spend] some energy skinning uphill in pursuit of good snow and a sight of the enormous snow-filled valleys that lay beyond the chamonix liftsystem .

And because dense bones tend to sink , black swimmers need to work much harder and expend more energy to keep afloat .
and because dense bones tend to sink , black swimmers need to work much harder and [spend] more energy to keep afloat .

Motivation is the subject of an earlier chapter of this text , but it may be summarised briefly as the process which determines how much effort , energy and excitement a person is prepared to expend in his work .
motivation is the subject of an earlier chapter of this text , but it may be summarised briefly as the process which determines how much effort , energy and excitement a person is prepared to [spend] in his work .

The theories are based upon individuals ' perception of what they expect out of work and recognise that individuals place different values on rewards and the effort that they have to expend in order to achieve those rewards .
the theories are based upon individuals ' perception of what they expect out of work and recognise that individuals place different values on rewards and the effort that they have to [spend] in order to achieve those rewards .

This term is meant to cover their disposable effort ( the effort they are prepared to expend ) and their ability or competence in matching the perceived text-world to their cognitive universe ( based on their previous familiarity with the patterns typical of the genre ) .
this term is meant to cover their disposable effort ( the effort they are prepared to [spend] ) and their ability or competence in matching the perceived text-world to their cognitive universe ( based on their previous familiarity with the patterns typical of the genre ) .

The leftward nodes represent situations in which the reader is required to expend a lot of effort in deriving coherence from a text .
the leftward nodes represent situations in which the reader is required to [spend] a lot of effort in deriving coherence from a text .

It is hoped to expend the capabilities of pupils at the lathe and therefore extend their design potential , which is an important part of the curriculum .
it is hoped to [spend] the capabilities of pupils at the lathe and therefore extend their design potential , which is an important part of the curriculum .

Digesting food uses up about 20 per cent of our calorie intake but the rest must be worked off by the energy we expend while living our lives .
digesting food uses up about 20 per cent of our calorie intake but the rest must be worked off by the energy we [spend] while living our lives .

Deciding — consciously or not — to expend energy involves a choice and an assessment of the total energy available .
deciding — consciously or not — to [spend] energy involves a choice and an assessment of the total energy available .

However , any observer will note that the energy people are prepared to expend in pursuing organizational goals varies greatly .
however , any observer will note that the energy people are prepared to [spend] in pursuing organizational goals varies greatly .

What we know less about is why some people expend energy in short bursts while others sustain much longer bursts .
what we know less about is why some people [spend] energy in short bursts while others sustain much longer bursts .

In Chapter 1 we analysed power goals in detail ; those individuals whose profiles reflect a persistent theme of power will expend effort and energy in seeking more and more of it .
in chapter 1 we analysed power goals in detail ; those individuals whose profiles reflect a persistent theme of power will [spend] effort and energy in seeking more and more of it .

Few commanders would have wished to expend the time and energy required to overcome places so heavily defended .
few commanders would have wished to [spend] the time and energy required to overcome places so heavily defended .

But do n't expend too much energy on the ‘ sights ’ during the day — keep up your strength for Berlin 's legendary nightlife .
but do n't [spend] too much energy on the ‘ sights ’ during the day — keep up your strength for berlin 's legendary nightlife .

We expend a considerable amount of money upon the ‘ formal ’ community care services ( Table 8.1 ) .
we [spend] a considerable amount of money upon the ‘ formal ’ community care services ( table 8.1 ) .

If we consume more energy than we expend , the surplus is stored as fat .
if we consume more energy than we [spend] , the surplus is stored as fat .

For people who take a sober view of life , `` he said , `` a person is liberal who is prepared not to take thought for his personal interests but to expend all his energy on standing up for the juridical independence of every citizen and the freedom of every action which does not undermine the well-being and the tranquillity of society `` .
for people who take a sober view of life , `` he said , `` a person is liberal who is prepared not to take thought for his personal interests but to [spend] all his energy on standing up for the juridical independence of every citizen and the freedom of every action which does not undermine the well-being and the tranquillity of society `` .

Two pieces of matter that are close to each other have less energy than the same two pieces a long way apart , because you have to expend energy to separate them against the gravitational force that is pulling them together .
two pieces of matter that are close to each other have less energy than the same two pieces a long way apart , because you have to [spend] energy to separate them against the gravitational force that is pulling them together .

When and if Siward of Northumbria and his army made their way to Wedale , they would find there neither Normans nor loyal families on which to expend the grief and fury of loss .
when and if siward of northumbria and his army made their way to wedale , they would find there neither normans nor loyal families on which to [spend] the grief and fury of loss .

More has been written about whether or not people take kinship into account when they expend reproductive effort than about any other problem in the study of human reproductive behaviour .
more has been written about whether or not people take kinship into account when they [spend] reproductive effort than about any other problem in the study of human reproductive behaviour .

Since monopoly may yield high profits to the firm , it is likely that firms will expend large quantities of resources in trying to acquire and secure monopoly positions .
since monopoly may yield high profits to the firm , it is likely that firms will [spend] large quantities of resources in trying to acquire and secure monopoly positions .

The group can expend not more than £100,000 .
the group can [spend] not more than £100,000 .

To meet the target , managers were forced wastefully to expend resources on the most trivial complaints .
to meet the target , managers were forced wastefully to [spend] resources on the most trivial complaints .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to [spend] money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

( c ) To apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to expend money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the Company may acquire or propose to acquire .
( c ) to apply for , register , purchase , or by other means acquire and protect , prolong and renew , whether in the united kingdom or elsewhere any patents , patent rights , brevets d'invention , licences , secret processes , trade marks , designs , protections and concessions and to disclaim , alter , modify , use and turn to account and to manufacture under or grant licences or privileges in respect of the same , and to [spend] money in experimenting upon , testing and improving any patents , inventions or rights which the company may acquire or propose to acquire .

As each financial year passes , the bow-wave does , indeed , dissipate as research and development programmes meet snags ; as decisions are delayed in the labyrinth of Whitehall committees ; as procurement contracts slip behind schedule ; and as units expend less than they asked for due to similar delays in their day-to-day training and operations .
as each financial year passes , the bow-wave does , indeed , dissipate as research and development programmes meet snags ; as decisions are delayed in the labyrinth of whitehall committees ; as procurement contracts slip behind schedule ; and as units [spend] less than they asked for due to similar delays in their day-to-day training and operations .

People of different ages and sex expend different amounts of energy and some people are more physically active than others .
people of different ages and sex [spend] different amounts of energy and some people are more physically active than others .

Unlike most animals , mussels do not expend energy searching for food They wait for the tides and currents to bring it to them .
unlike most animals , mussels do not [spend] energy searching for food they wait for the tides and currents to bring it to them .

Reptiles , weight for weight , need far less food than mammals because they do not need to expend food energy in keeping themselves warm .
reptiles , weight for weight , need far less food than mammals because they do not need to [spend] food energy in keeping themselves warm .

They get cheaper insurance rates because their accident records are better ; they have fewer problems with their cars because they do n't thrash them ; and they probably expend far less nervous energy when they are driving , because they treat it like any other domestic activity .
they get cheaper insurance rates because their accident records are better ; they have fewer problems with their cars because they do n't thrash them ; and they probably [spend] far less nervous energy when they are driving , because they treat it like any other domestic activity .

Your basal metabolic rate ( ie when you are resting ) has an influence on how much energy you expend when you are doing anything that does n't involve very much physical activity .
your basal metabolic rate ( ie when you are resting ) has an influence on how much energy you [spend] when you are doing anything that does n't involve very much physical activity .

The struggle between commercial pressure and good architecture is an unequal one , on which many developers are not prepared to expend much energy .
the struggle between commercial pressure and good architecture is an unequal one , on which many developers are not prepared to [spend] much energy .

These lovely plants may take time to form large flowering clumps but after a few years are a sight to behold and are worth every bit of effort you expend .
these lovely plants may take time to form large flowering clumps but after a few years are a sight to behold and are worth every bit of effort you [spend] .

We expend endless energy and an awful lot of time each day in pre-empting criticism ; in censoring our speech and our behaviour , checking our appearance , taking up less room , making ourselves invisible , smiling at the request of total strangers , feigning pleasure when we feel none — being good girls rather than real women .
we [spend] endless energy and an awful lot of time each day in pre-empting criticism ; in censoring our speech and our behaviour , checking our appearance , taking up less room , making ourselves invisible , smiling at the request of total strangers , feigning pleasure when we feel none — being good girls rather than real women .

The Crime and Punishment notebooks expend considerable effort trying to establish an overarching reason or at least an empirical scatter of factors , and failing .
the crime and punishment notebooks [spend] considerable effort trying to establish an overarching reason or at least an empirical scatter of factors , and failing .

Expend , in mansions , twice ten thousand pounds ;
[spend] , in mansions , twice ten thousand pounds ;

Such questions are , of course , perfectly legitimate , and indeed necessary for any government prepared to expend large sums of public money on education .
such questions are , of course , perfectly legitimate , and indeed necessary for any government prepared to [spend] large sums of public money on education .

The occupational therapist 's main role is to assess the patient 's physical needs , and provide appropriate equipment to make daily life easier for both patient and carer , so that they do not expend unnecessary energy on functional tasks which would make the patient 's condition worse , and possibly harm the carer too .
the occupational therapist 's main role is to assess the patient 's physical needs , and provide appropriate equipment to make daily life easier for both patient and carer , so that they do not [spend] unnecessary energy on functional tasks which would make the patient 's condition worse , and possibly harm the carer too .

Indulging in litigation may mean that you have to expend substantial sums of money and wait a long time before achieving victory ; to lose could prove very costly .
indulging in litigation may mean that you have to [spend] substantial sums of money and wait a long time before achieving victory ; to lose could prove very costly .

When , calmer , he went to her room , Katelina was awake , and he was able to expend on her all that Diniz thought he was capable of .
when , calmer , he went to her room , katelina was awake , and he was able to [spend] on her all that diniz thought he was capable of .

Self-abuse is worse , because more animal ; but those who really must have amatory excitement will find it ‘ better to marry ’ and expend on real lovers those sexual feelings now worse than wasted on this its ‘ solitary form ’ .
self-abuse is worse , because more animal ; but those who really must have amatory excitement will find it ‘ better to marry ’ and [spend] on real lovers those sexual feelings now worse than wasted on this its ‘ solitary form ’ .

This alludes to the finding that during short bursts of intense activity , an animal , including a human animal , day expend more energy than can immediately be supplied by aerobic respiration ; that is , by using oxygen to ‘ burn ’ sugar .
this alludes to the finding that during short bursts of intense activity , an animal , including a human animal , day [spend] more energy than can immediately be supplied by aerobic respiration ; that is , by using oxygen to ‘ burn ’ sugar .

With almost no ability to act as a pendulum , a kangaroo must expend a great deal of energy in its lopsided and ungainly walk , using first its front legs and tail , then drawing its rear legs forward .
with almost no ability to act as a pendulum , a kangaroo must [spend] a great deal of energy in its lopsided and ungainly walk , using first its front legs and tail , then drawing its rear legs forward .

Most people expend tremendous amounts of energy when performing this simple activity .
most people [spend] tremendous amounts of energy when performing this simple activity .

It stated that the private houses , which formed the Foreign and Colonial Offices , were ‘ inadequate to the present extent of public business , in parts unsafe , and generally in such a state of dilapidation as to render it inexpedient to expend any large sum in their substantial repair ’ .
it stated that the private houses , which formed the foreign and colonial offices , were ‘ inadequate to the present extent of public business , in parts unsafe , and generally in such a state of dilapidation as to render it inexpedient to [spend] any large sum in their substantial repair ’ .

EPA 's analysis indicates that the first year , 60 percent ( 2,895 ) of the small entities will expend less than 1 percent of their annual revenue for the rule 's compliance costs , 12 percent ( 569 ) will expend between 1 percent and 3 percent , and 119 or 2 percent will expend 3 percent or more of their annual revenues for compliance .
epa 's analysis indicates that the first year , 60 percent ( 2,895 ) of the small entities will [spend] less than 1 percent of their annual revenue for the rule 's compliance costs , 12 percent ( 569 ) will [spend] between 1 percent and 3 percent , and 119 or 2 percent will [spend] 3 percent or more of their annual revenues for compliance .

EPA also estimates that 49 public utilities owned by 41 municipalities will be affected by the rule , and of that total , the 18 small governmental entities ( populations under 50,000 ) affected will expend less than 1 percent of their annual revenues for compliance .
epa also estimates that 49 public utilities owned by 41 municipalities will be affected by the rule , and of that total , the 18 small governmental entities ( populations under 50,000 ) affected will [spend] less than 1 percent of their annual revenues for compliance .

With fewer resources to expend and a growing client base to serve , LSC has embraced service area reconfiguration as one important way to `` insure that grants and contracts are made so as to provide the most economical and effective delivery of legal assistance to persons in both urban and rural areas .
with fewer resources to [spend] and a growing client base to serve , lsc has embraced service area reconfiguration as one important way to `` insure that grants and contracts are made so as to provide the most economical and effective delivery of legal assistance to persons in both urban and rural areas .

One of the most stupid errors that LSC made as we kicked off an era of planning was not to take the time-and expend the energy-to make other offices and units within our own organization understand the importance of what we were doing and their vital role in helping promote and develop world-class delivery systems .
one of the most stupid errors that lsc made as we kicked off an era of planning was not to take the time-and [spend] the energy-to make other offices and units within our own organization understand the importance of what we were doing and their vital role in helping promote and develop world-class delivery systems .

In rich countries we have quite happily eradicated them from our inner ecosystems with none of the handwringing we expend on rhinos .
in rich countries we have quite happily eradicated them from our inner ecosystems with none of the handwringing we [spend] on rhinos .

A perfectly efficient government would find its platforms instantly implemented ; a completely inefficient one would expend all its resources without accomplishing any of its goals .
a perfectly efficient government would find its platforms instantly implemented ; a completely inefficient one would [spend] all its resources without accomplishing any of its goals .

California officials have been especially aggressive , muscling reluctant FEMA officials to expend billions on `` code upgrades '' requiring massive or even total reconstruction of buildings suffering relatively minor damage .
california officials have been especially aggressive , muscling reluctant fema officials to [spend] billions on `` code upgrades '' requiring massive or even total reconstruction of buildings suffering relatively minor damage .

Critics say that sweeps cause networks to expend the bulk of their resources pulling out all the stops for these three months rather than spreading them around the year .
critics say that sweeps cause networks to [spend] the bulk of their resources pulling out all the stops for these three months rather than spreading them around the year .

They do n't drool or wear their shirts backward , but they do expend insane amounts of energy on ridiculous `` politics , '' dissipating most of it through meaningless infighting and petty posturing .
they do n't drool or wear their shirts backward , but they do [spend] insane amounts of energy on ridiculous `` politics , '' dissipating most of it through meaningless infighting and petty posturing .

Professor Norrick might be offended to find a review of his book so closely associated with what he might consider to be trivial , but he does expend a great deal of text describing the various forms of humor -- sorry , I can not resist the punctuation -- that come from one-liners and clichés ( many of which , after all , are quotations ) .
professor norrick might be offended to find a review of his book so closely associated with what he might consider to be trivial , but he does [spend] a great deal of text describing the various forms of humor -- sorry , i can not resist the punctuation -- that come from one-liners and clichés ( many of which , after all , are quotations ) .

As for the impact on the profession , one must , with a sigh , agree with Professor Mellinkoff that “ gratuitous literary advice ... is received with profound indifference ’ and that “ the hardest words of lay critics from Swift to date ... have been ignored with aplomb. ’ In this era of lawyers unprecedented wealth and power , few of them will expend many of their precious minutes listening to admonitions on their language .
as for the impact on the profession , one must , with a sigh , agree with professor mellinkoff that “ gratuitous literary advice ... is received with profound indifference ’ and that “ the hardest words of lay critics from swift to date ... have been ignored with aplomb. ’ in this era of lawyers unprecedented wealth and power , few of them will [spend] many of their precious minutes listening to admonitions on their language .

