Rep. Mac Barber of Commerce is asking the House in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds .
rep. mac barber of commerce is asking the house in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and [spent] '' as state funds .

The legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions .
the legislature [spent] most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions .

All in all , though , there is a good deal of nonsense expended over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine drinking ; ;
all in all , though , there is a good deal of nonsense [spent] over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine drinking ; ;

Secretary of State Dean Rusk , a former Rhodes Scholar and Mills College dean , has headed the Rockefeller Foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange .
secretary of state dean rusk , a former rhodes scholar and mills college dean , has headed the rockefeller foundation and in that role [spent] large sums for international cultural exchange .

Another Indiana observer later commented , `` Perhaps we shall never know how much was spent ( by Hearst ) , but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in Indiana a liberal fortune was squandered '' .
another indiana observer later commented , `` perhaps we shall never know how much was spent ( by hearst ) , but if as much money was [spent] elsewhere as in indiana a liberal fortune was squandered '' .

in three months the Army spent three-quarters as much as had been expended on the `` big Ditch '' in ten years .
in three months the army spent three-quarters as much as had been [spent] on the `` big ditch '' in ten years .

There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;
there are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until [spent] , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;

and ( C ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States .
and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this act : provided , that funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the secretary of state to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the united states , be [spent] in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the united states : and provided further , that every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the united states for the use of the united states throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the united states .

Upon receipt of an application which the Export-Import Bank is prepared to consider , the Export-Import Bank will inform the Department of Economic Affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended .
upon receipt of an application which the export-import bank is prepared to consider , the export-import bank will inform the department of economic affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be [spent] .

Much effort has been expended in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and admonitions of religion .
much effort has been [spent] in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and admonitions of religion .

Thus , casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time expended .
thus , casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time [spent] .

In an over-all ASW concept , dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities .
in an over-all asw concept , dependence on and effort [spent] for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities .

Are they really worth the amount of paper that 's expended on them ?
are they really worth the amount of paper that 's [spent] on them ?

For this latest effort , the greatest since February 21st , the Germans had expended seventeen trainloads of ammunition and many thousands more men .
for this latest effort , the greatest since february 21st , the germans had [spent] seventeen trainloads of ammunition and many thousands more men .

Most of the copper roofs had disappeared off public buildings , to make driving bands for the shells being so voraciously expended at Verdun , and the park railings were about to follow the roofs .
most of the copper roofs had disappeared off public buildings , to make driving bands for the shells being so voraciously [spent] at verdun , and the park railings were about to follow the roofs .

Quality Management means that we could have as much as 30% more time and effort to devote to our real jobs — for that is the amount of time and effort expended in British businesses sorting out things that have gone wrong .
quality management means that we could have as much as 30% more time and effort to devote to our real jobs — for that is the amount of time and effort [spent] in british businesses sorting out things that have gone wrong .

Nothing changes/feelings shift , move endlessly in circles/moths beating at glass endlessly/all that energy expended on nothing/no-one lets you in/desire and what can be desired are all fixed within strict parameters/ established as everything you 're not/desire written against your body/encoded in all the spaces which are not you/contours which are not yours/you occupy the gap between desire and fulfilment/absence of choice/no choice at all/why are moths nocturnal when so strongly attracted to light ?
nothing changes/feelings shift , move endlessly in circles/moths beating at glass endlessly/all that energy [spent] on nothing/no-one lets you in/desire and what can be desired are all fixed within strict parameters/ established as everything you 're not/desire written against your body/encoded in all the spaces which are not you/contours which are not yours/you occupy the gap between desire and fulfilment/absence of choice/no choice at all/why are moths nocturnal when so strongly attracted to light ?

While an enormous amount of energy and enthusiasm was expended on GLC-related projects , it would be a mistake to think that they were greeted with uncritical acclaim by all lesbians and gays .
while an enormous amount of energy and enthusiasm was [spent] on glc-related projects , it would be a mistake to think that they were greeted with uncritical acclaim by all lesbians and gays .

Even on the same diet , this will vary from person to person depending on many individual factors , including the amount of excess weight ( the heavier you are the faster you tend to shed weight ) and the degree of energy expended in physical activity .
even on the same diet , this will vary from person to person depending on many individual factors , including the amount of excess weight ( the heavier you are the faster you tend to shed weight ) and the degree of energy [spent] in physical activity .

Before the fascinating high-fibre research findings it was assumed that weight loss depended entirely on the number of calories consumed compared with the number expended by the body .
before the fascinating high-fibre research findings it was assumed that weight loss depended entirely on the number of calories consumed compared with the number [spent] by the body .

Much research effort is still being expended into different segmentation methods and a number of new techniques have recently been reported ( Wright , 1989 ; Kadirkamanathan and Rayner , 1990 ; Teulings et al , 1990 ; Higgins and Ford , 1991a ) .
much research effort is still being [spent] into different segmentation methods and a number of new techniques have recently been reported ( wright , 1989 ; kadirkamanathan and rayner , 1990 ; teulings et al , 1990 ; higgins and ford , 1991a ) .

They dig deep in search of mineral deposits to replenish those expended in the last year of growth .
they dig deep in search of mineral deposits to replenish those [spent] in the last year of growth .

Comprehension of the modern city 's altered state is rarely apparent in much of the verbiage currently expended on urban architecture .
comprehension of the modern city 's altered state is rarely apparent in much of the verbiage currently [spent] on urban architecture .

The energy currently expended on this pointless debate would be better directed towards a concerted effort to persuade the government and local education authorities to fund a better teacher-pupil ratio in the early years .
the energy currently [spent] on this pointless debate would be better directed towards a concerted effort to persuade the government and local education authorities to fund a better teacher-pupil ratio in the early years .

… children are used to feeling dissatisfied with their work , to expect chiding from the teacher and often mockery from their friends and to find that even when they 've tried their hardest , the results do n't reflect the amount of effort expended .
… children are used to feeling dissatisfied with their work , to expect chiding from the teacher and often mockery from their friends and to find that even when they 've tried their hardest , the results do n't reflect the amount of effort [spent] .

Does foreign technology play an important role in alleviating Soviet economic difficulties ? Does it perform sufficiently better than Soviet equipment to warrant the hard currency expended upon it .
does foreign technology play an important role in alleviating soviet economic difficulties ? does it perform sufficiently better than soviet equipment to warrant the hard currency [spent] upon it .

Although the essential problem of power relations may thus be resolved , immense effort is still expended on maintaining the monopoly of political power .
although the essential problem of power relations may thus be resolved , immense effort is still [spent] on maintaining the monopoly of political power .

They require labour , an object on which labour is expended , and a means of labouring , as well as involving the expenditure of labour power to transform the object of labour into the product , knowledge .
they require labour , an object on which labour is [spent] , and a means of labouring , as well as involving the expenditure of labour power to transform the object of labour into the product , knowledge .

One must take account of the inefficiencies such as the fact that many muons fail to initiate fusions at all , they are produced in an accelerator that has to be kept running and only a fraction of the power input ends up in beams of muons and energy is expended in the motion of the neutrons and alpha particles produced in the fusion reactions .
one must take account of the inefficiencies such as the fact that many muons fail to initiate fusions at all , they are produced in an accelerator that has to be kept running and only a fraction of the power input ends up in beams of muons and energy is [spent] in the motion of the neutrons and alpha particles produced in the fusion reactions .

The hours can be calculated by totalling all the man hours expended as a result of the false report , e.g .
the hours can be calculated by totalling all the man hours [spent] as a result of the false report , e.g .

Before the plastic can break , many of the crystals have to unfold , rather like concertinas , and , in doing so , a great deal of energy is expended in unravelling the long molecules ( Plate 13 ) .
before the plastic can break , many of the crystals have to unfold , rather like concertinas , and , in doing so , a great deal of energy is [spent] in unravelling the long molecules ( plate 13 ) .

An analogy can be drawn to a human-being continually expending energy yet simultaneously absorbing life-force energy from the environment , which offsets the amount expended .
an analogy can be drawn to a human-being continually expending energy yet simultaneously absorbing life-force energy from the environment , which offsets the amount [spent] .

The result in 1991 was that approximately 9 % of the Big Six audit and accounting fee revenue was expended on settlements and defences .
the result in 1991 was that approximately 9 % of the big six audit and accounting fee revenue was [spent] on settlements and defences .

Also , the legal costs had not been expended wholly and exclusively for the purposes of the profession .
also , the legal costs had not been [spent] wholly and exclusively for the purposes of the profession .

Users and manufacturers have expended a lot of time and effort trying to find ways to improve computer security .
users and manufacturers have [spent] a lot of time and effort trying to find ways to improve computer security .

Rather , there has been feeling of surprise at just how much energy the ideologists of the Soviet regime expended in the fight against what was then known as ‘ anti-Soviet ’ art .
rather , there has been feeling of surprise at just how much energy the ideologists of the soviet regime [spent] in the fight against what was then known as ‘ anti-soviet ’ art .

It does not seem a great return for all the time and money expended .
it does not seem a great return for all the time and money [spent] .

is well in order , both to get a general feel for the events of the day and to regain an appreciation of the efforts expended to bring the saga to the wide screen .
is well in order , both to get a general feel for the events of the day and to regain an appreciation of the efforts [spent] to bring the saga to the wide screen .

The family 's loss of control over the youth is crucial to his development in sport , for , if there was a more balanced social management within the West Indian community , it is likely that the vibrance and energy expended in sport could be directed into more orthodox areas .
the family 's loss of control over the youth is crucial to his development in sport , for , if there was a more balanced social management within the west indian community , it is likely that the vibrance and energy [spent] in sport could be directed into more orthodox areas .

Magical effects directed into the Black Pit simply do n't operate , but no Magic Points are expended if an attempt is made .
magical effects directed into the black pit simply do n't operate , but no magic points are [spent] if an attempt is made .

There is no evidence that the Ministry of Works spent more on the public sewers than on the helpless , but they can scarcely have expended less money or effort on them .
there is no evidence that the ministry of works spent more on the public sewers than on the helpless , but they can scarcely have [spent] less money or effort on them .

However , even persons as brash as Heath had to recognise continually that the majority was uneasy and dangerous and much effort was expended in monitoring it and in camouflaging the government 's Irish unification objective from the man-in-the-street who , initially , was almost incapable of believing that a British government was endeavouring to cede its own subjects to a foreign power .
however , even persons as brash as heath had to recognise continually that the majority was uneasy and dangerous and much effort was [spent] in monitoring it and in camouflaging the government 's irish unification objective from the man-in-the-street who , initially , was almost incapable of believing that a british government was endeavouring to cede its own subjects to a foreign power .

But since owners of capital control the production process , workers are not paid for the full labour time expended at work .
but since owners of capital control the production process , workers are not paid for the full labour time [spent] at work .

During the past twenty years , however , ‘ fascism ’ has become the object of rigorous academic analysis , with the result that much effort has been expended in attempting to establish whether or not the label is appropriate in the Spanish case .
during the past twenty years , however , ‘ fascism ’ has become the object of rigorous academic analysis , with the result that much effort has been [spent] in attempting to establish whether or not the label is appropriate in the spanish case .

Any quality assurance programme should encompass the concepts of effectiveness in achieving the benefits desired and efficiency in reaching and giving priority to the people for whom the service is intended ; it is also important to ensure that money is spent effectively and not expended on other less important areas of need .
any quality assurance programme should encompass the concepts of effectiveness in achieving the benefits desired and efficiency in reaching and giving priority to the people for whom the service is intended ; it is also important to ensure that money is spent effectively and not [spent] on other less important areas of need .

The landbuyer should intuitively distinguish those opportunities worth pursuing from those where time and resources will be expended to no effect .
the landbuyer should intuitively distinguish those opportunities worth pursuing from those where time and resources will be [spent] to no effect .

Much money in Australia is being expended on Christian rock music , with the suggestion that anything traditional is passé .
much money in australia is being [spent] on christian rock music , with the suggestion that anything traditional is passé .

This case presents a situation in which the commitment for change was high at the top ; but the methods of achieving the change were confused at first , and not enough effort was expended to infuse the total organizational environment with commitment .
this case presents a situation in which the commitment for change was high at the top ; but the methods of achieving the change were confused at first , and not enough effort was [spent] to infuse the total organizational environment with commitment .

Time and attention must be expended in managing these relationships .
time and attention must be [spent] in managing these relationships .

where he has so recently expended himself , disappear beneath her skirt , pulled down in one deft movement .
where he has so recently [spent] himself , disappear beneath her skirt , pulled down in one deft movement .

To achieve this you must buy textbooks , for otherwise all the effort that we have expended in writing this book for your benefit will have been wasted and we do n't like wasting effort .
to achieve this you must buy textbooks , for otherwise all the effort that we have [spent] in writing this book for your benefit will have been wasted and we do n't like wasting effort .

You can protest about this if it becomes a burden , but the time expended in doing so is probably inefficiently spent .
you can protest about this if it becomes a burden , but the time [spent] in doing so is probably inefficiently spent .

funds raised by increasing , or expended in repaying or redeeming , medium or long-term loans or the issued capital of the company .
funds raised by increasing , or [spent] in repaying or redeeming , medium or long-term loans or the issued capital of the company .

This was a laborious process and probably the equivalent of a week 's hard work had been expended on this stone before it was abandoned .
this was a laborious process and probably the equivalent of a week 's hard work had been [spent] on this stone before it was abandoned .

’ Mait exclaimed , staggering back from the enhancer with the tiredness of expended effort .
’ mait exclaimed , staggering back from the enhancer with the tiredness of [spent] effort .

" The meeting having considered the application of the Schoolmaster of Kildaltan for the payment of the sum he expended upon building his House — they have examined said accot. — and reprobate the conduct of the Schoolmaster in carrying on a work of such magnitude without authority — and they refuse to countenance such conduct … "
" the meeting having considered the application of the schoolmaster of kildaltan for the payment of the sum he [spent] upon building his house — they have examined said accot. — and reprobate the conduct of the schoolmaster in carrying on a work of such magnitude without authority — and they refuse to countenance such conduct … "

Spending at central and local level was expended on welfare , cultural and educational improvements .
spending at central and local level was [spent] on welfare , cultural and educational improvements .

He expended more energy on others , aware that his flair for living , combined with his money , enabled him to give others a good time .
he [spent] more energy on others , aware that his flair for living , combined with his money , enabled him to give others a good time .

Thirteenth-century reformers expended much energy and ingenuity trying to ensure that parishes were properly served and that the souls of parishioners were not exposed to perdition by the negligence and greed of pluralist incumbents .
thirteenth-century reformers [spent] much energy and ingenuity trying to ensure that parishes were properly served and that the souls of parishioners were not exposed to perdition by the negligence and greed of pluralist incumbents .

All these small invertebrates — flying insects trapped in webs by spiders , larvae concealed in bark picked out by woodpeckers , molluscs hidden in mud gathered by wading birds , termites licked up by anteaters — all are harvested with little more than the effort expended by those animals that sip nectar and munch pollen , or gather fruit and chew leaves .
all these small invertebrates — flying insects trapped in webs by spiders , larvae concealed in bark picked out by woodpeckers , molluscs hidden in mud gathered by wading birds , termites licked up by anteaters — all are harvested with little more than the effort [spent] by those animals that sip nectar and munch pollen , or gather fruit and chew leaves .

There is no more exacting a yardstick of free-market principles than the pop charts , where the successful bask unashamedly in the spotlight and conspicuously consume the fruits of their success , while scant sympathy is expended on the failures .
there is no more exacting a yardstick of free-market principles than the pop charts , where the successful bask unashamedly in the spotlight and conspicuously consume the fruits of their success , while scant sympathy is [spent] on the failures .

‘ And the mortgagee having sworn he paid and expended above £120 in defending his mortgage at law , although he had but £60 costs allowed him there … shall not be held down to the taxation at law , but shall against the account be allowed all he laid out , or expended .
‘ and the mortgagee having sworn he paid and [spent] above £120 in defending his mortgage at law , although he had but £60 costs allowed him there … shall not be held down to the taxation at law , but shall against the account be allowed all he laid out , or [spent] .

Tack into a gap once you have expended about half the time to the start from the buoy , then even if you sail back at the same speed , you can not be early .
tack into a gap once you have [spent] about half the time to the start from the buoy , then even if you sail back at the same speed , you can not be early .

The idea came from the experience of pulling hair out of the bathtub ; ‘ this made me think about the things that are worthless , that we want to get rid of , the embarrassing hidden things like body hair , and the things we value and cultivate — in our culture , for instance , the head of hair is usually the first thing people register when they look at someone , a great deal of energy and money is , therefore , expended on hairdressing and styling .
the idea came from the experience of pulling hair out of the bathtub ; ‘ this made me think about the things that are worthless , that we want to get rid of , the embarrassing hidden things like body hair , and the things we value and cultivate — in our culture , for instance , the head of hair is usually the first thing people register when they look at someone , a great deal of energy and money is , therefore , [spent] on hairdressing and styling .

By the 1930s gas was cheaper and gas ovens more common , which also saved the labour expended on black-leading the old kitchen ranges .
by the 1930s gas was cheaper and gas ovens more common , which also saved the labour [spent] on black-leading the old kitchen ranges .

Atmospheric scientists expended considerable effort from the early 1980s in trying to determine whether global warming due to the enhanced greenhouse effect was affecting global temperature already .
atmospheric scientists [spent] considerable effort from the early 1980s in trying to determine whether global warming due to the enhanced greenhouse effect was affecting global temperature already .

Certainly the Bishop did not seem impatient of the efforts expended on his behalf .
certainly the bishop did not seem impatient of the efforts [spent] on his behalf .

Great ingenuity was expended in creative accounting to get round overall spending limits or capital allocations .
great ingenuity was [spent] in creative accounting to get round overall spending limits or capital allocations .

These formulations were grounded in the early hydraulic model of the circulation of energy derived from fluid mechanics ; the body possessed only a fixed quantity of semen , once expended it was lost forever .
these formulations were grounded in the early hydraulic model of the circulation of energy derived from fluid mechanics ; the body possessed only a fixed quantity of semen , once [spent] it was lost forever .

In 1913 he expended a huge part of the fortune he had gathered on buying Tagg 's Island on the Thames in Hampton and there built his ‘ Karsino ’ at a cost of £70,000 .
in 1913 he [spent] a huge part of the fortune he had gathered on buying tagg 's island on the thames in hampton and there built his ‘ karsino ’ at a cost of £70,000 .

The records must contain day-to-day entries of all money received or expended and of the matters to which that related and a record of the company 's assets and liabilities .
the records must contain day-to-day entries of all money received or [spent] and of the matters to which that related and a record of the company 's assets and liabilities .

Fortunately , those days are over , but it would be deceitful to suggest that constructing a pool was anything other than hard work , for even with modern materials a considerable amount of energy has to be expended .
fortunately , those days are over , but it would be deceitful to suggest that constructing a pool was anything other than hard work , for even with modern materials a considerable amount of energy has to be [spent] .

Clearly , in comparison with the British system , much greater energy and frustration will be expended by the President , for there is no guarantee that any proposal he makes will pass at all , let alone free of amendments that he does not want and does not like .
clearly , in comparison with the british system , much greater energy and frustration will be [spent] by the president , for there is no guarantee that any proposal he makes will pass at all , let alone free of amendments that he does not want and does not like .

‘ In my opinion the sums expended have been applied for the purposes authorized by Parliament and the account properly presents the expenditure and receipts … for the year ended … ‘
‘ in my opinion the sums [spent] have been applied for the purposes authorized by parliament and the account properly presents the expenditure and receipts … for the year ended … ‘

Considering geography as the description of the changes that take place or have taken place in or at the surface of the earth Linton ( 1965 ) suggested that any changes which occur in the real world imply that work has been done and energy expended .
considering geography as the description of the changes that take place or have taken place in or at the surface of the earth linton ( 1965 ) suggested that any changes which occur in the real world imply that work has been done and energy [spent] .

Furthermore , if large tidal ranges are accompanied by such wide foreshores much of the wave attack and energy will be expended thereon .
furthermore , if large tidal ranges are accompanied by such wide foreshores much of the wave attack and energy will be [spent] thereon .

In a High Court action , the taxing officer , in exercising his or her discretion must have regard , amongst other factors , to the complexity , difficulty and novelty of the case , the skill , specialised knowledge and responsibility required of , and the time and labour expended by , solicitor and counsel , the number and importance of documents , the importance of the matter to the client , and the amount of money or value of property involved .
in a high court action , the taxing officer , in exercising his or her discretion must have regard , amongst other factors , to the complexity , difficulty and novelty of the case , the skill , specialised knowledge and responsibility required of , and the time and labour [spent] by , solicitor and counsel , the number and importance of documents , the importance of the matter to the client , and the amount of money or value of property involved .

In the community service , clients with more needs had more resources expended on them , whereas , in the traditional hospital based service resources were uncorrelated with the extent of needs .
in the community service , clients with more needs had more resources [spent] on them , whereas , in the traditional hospital based service resources were uncorrelated with the extent of needs .

The problem from the tenant 's point of view is that a termination under 5.2.1 will not ( at least in a normal market ) result in the ( landlord 's ) works being wasted , whereas the tenant may have expended a considerable sum of money not only on its works but also in preliminary arrangements .
the problem from the tenant 's point of view is that a termination under 5.2.1 will not ( at least in a normal market ) result in the ( landlord 's ) works being wasted , whereas the tenant may have [spent] a considerable sum of money not only on its works but also in preliminary arrangements .

6.5 Within [ 15 ] working days after service of such notice ( excluding the day of service ) the Lease shall be completed and time shall be of the essence of this provision Advisable though this clause may be , the problem is that the agreement is liable to be brought to an end at the expiration of the notice , which could have dire consequences for a tenant who has expended a considerable sum of money on the tenant 's works but is for some reason unable to complete .
6.5 within [ 15 ] working days after service of such notice ( excluding the day of service ) the lease shall be completed and time shall be of the essence of this provision advisable though this clause may be , the problem is that the agreement is liable to be brought to an end at the expiration of the notice , which could have dire consequences for a tenant who has [spent] a considerable sum of money on the tenant 's works but is for some reason unable to complete .

4.14 Normally , the measure of damage will be the sum expended to obtain the appliance or facility required plus its current running expenses .
4.14 normally , the measure of damage will be the sum [spent] to obtain the appliance or facility required plus its current running expenses .

In the 1979 election the Labour and Conservative national party organizations are estimated to have each spent a little over 1 million pounds on the campaign , roughly the same amount expended in total by their candidates in the local campaigns .
in the 1979 election the labour and conservative national party organizations are estimated to have each spent a little over 1 million pounds on the campaign , roughly the same amount [spent] in total by their candidates in the local campaigns .

In a subsidy assessment of 1554 they estimated their annual income at over £500 : of this some £360 was expended on various charities ( including the salaries of `` divers schoolmasters `` ) .
in a subsidy assessment of 1554 they estimated their annual income at over £500 : of this some £360 was [spent] on various charities ( including the salaries of `` divers schoolmasters `` ) .

For Marshall McLuhan and his followers , the proliferation of media as the extensions of our sensory system has an immense importance , and much effort has been expended in defining whether a particular medium is `` cold `` or `` hot `` and in declaring the unity of medium and message .
for marshall mcluhan and his followers , the proliferation of media as the extensions of our sensory system has an immense importance , and much effort has been [spent] in defining whether a particular medium is `` cold `` or `` hot `` and in declaring the unity of medium and message .

For example , taxes may not be levied and public money may not be expended without the authority of an Act of Parliament ; an individual may not be deprived of personal liberty without positive legal authority ; private property may not be seized or searched by government except with legal authority .
for example , taxes may not be levied and public money may not be [spent] without the authority of an act of parliament ; an individual may not be deprived of personal liberty without positive legal authority ; private property may not be seized or searched by government except with legal authority .

Japan , bolstered by victory against China , expended considerable efforts and sums of money on the expansion of her armed forces .
japan , bolstered by victory against china , [spent] considerable efforts and sums of money on the expansion of her armed forces .

But much energy is expended fruitlessly by parallel work by different bodies , who by pooling their resources and expertise could have expedited the work and improved its quality .
but much energy is [spent] fruitlessly by parallel work by different bodies , who by pooling their resources and expertise could have expedited the work and improved its quality .

Guilt also plays a part in the energy expended .
guilt also plays a part in the energy [spent] .

If child-rearing practices include guilt and a strong work ethic , then the probability that energy will be expended in work tends to increase .
if child-rearing practices include guilt and a strong work ethic , then the probability that energy will be [spent] in work tends to increase .

Propulsion occurs on the back-stroke ( when the hairs are erect ) and far less energy is expended in moving the leg forward on the recovery stroke ( when the hairs collapse against the leg and so reduce the resistance to movement ) .
propulsion occurs on the back-stroke ( when the hairs are erect ) and far less energy is [spent] in moving the leg forward on the recovery stroke ( when the hairs collapse against the leg and so reduce the resistance to movement ) .

The Trades Council recorded in its minutes of 28 January that elements of pressure had been put upon [ the Edinburgh printers ] , enormous sums of money had been expended , rare inducements had been held out , untruths had been circulated , even religion had been abused [ ? ]
the trades council recorded in its minutes of 28 january that elements of pressure had been put upon [ the edinburgh printers ] , enormous sums of money had been [spent] , rare inducements had been held out , untruths had been circulated , even religion had been abused [ ? ]

and brought to play on purpose to shake the men , and yet after all these means had been expended and an income verging on starvation , the men had remained as firm as at first . ``
and brought to play on purpose to shake the men , and yet after all these means had been [spent] and an income verging on starvation , the men had remained as firm as at first . ``

Never was so much intellect and emotion expended by so many on so little .
never was so much intellect and emotion [spent] by so many on so little .

‘ Keys : never was so much intellect and emotion expended by so many on so little ’
‘ keys : never was so much intellect and emotion [spent] by so many on so little ’

In terms of miles covered and energy expended during his missionary travels , Paul 's achievement is stupendous .
in terms of miles covered and energy [spent] during his missionary travels , paul 's achievement is stupendous .

Given the huge amount of resources expended in detecting and penalising abuse , it is more widely criticised for being inefficient .
given the huge amount of resources [spent] in detecting and penalising abuse , it is more widely criticised for being inefficient .

Finally , our practice has expended valuable energy and resources in trying to negotiate , without success , a more sympathetic interpretation of this ruling from the family health services authority .
finally , our practice has [spent] valuable energy and resources in trying to negotiate , without success , a more sympathetic interpretation of this ruling from the family health services authority .

For many people it is all too easy to put on weight , and for the vast majority the problem is caused by a simple energy imbalance — too much food is consumed and too little energy expended by exercise or work .
for many people it is all too easy to put on weight , and for the vast majority the problem is caused by a simple energy imbalance — too much food is consumed and too little energy [spent] by exercise or work .

If so , they had n't expended much on a decent script .
if so , they had n't [spent] much on a decent script .

And the number of expended condoms discovered in and around the bathing-area suggested that not only ingress and egress , but congress too , were not unusual there , with the cover of the night , and the cover of the cubicles , combining to promote this latter activity — even when frost was forecast .
and the number of [spent] condoms discovered in and around the bathing-area suggested that not only ingress and egress , but congress too , were not unusual there , with the cover of the night , and the cover of the cubicles , combining to promote this latter activity — even when frost was forecast .

Energy is essentially expended in three ways : Energy is needed for the chemical changes that go on inside our bodies .
energy is essentially [spent] in three ways : energy is needed for the chemical changes that go on inside our bodies .

This means that revenue is recognized as services are rendered and expenses are recognized as efforts are expended or services used to obtain the revenue , regardless of when cash is received or disbursed .
this means that revenue is recognized as services are rendered and expenses are recognized as efforts are [spent] or services used to obtain the revenue , regardless of when cash is received or disbursed .

It should , however , be used as a management tool both by officers and officials and as a clear statement to members of how their subscription to and interest in the sport are being expended .
it should , however , be used as a management tool both by officers and officials and as a clear statement to members of how their subscription to and interest in the sport are being [spent] .

The main hypothesis is that the social adaptation results in an informal regulation of work-performance to meet the requirement that ‘ actual ’ effort expended by workers of equal status should be rewarded equally .
the main hypothesis is that the social adaptation results in an informal regulation of work-performance to meet the requirement that ‘ actual ’ effort [spent] by workers of equal status should be rewarded equally .

The learning process for Composers Pen is quite a lengthy one , partly because of the complex ground that it covers , but do not be put off by this as the effort expended will be more than worth it in the end .
the learning process for composers pen is quite a lengthy one , partly because of the complex ground that it covers , but do not be put off by this as the effort [spent] will be more than worth it in the end .

This approach is inefficient since the computational effort to produce the parses has already been expended .
this approach is inefficient since the computational effort to produce the parses has already been [spent] .

of Government revenue will be expended on enforcing the new , beefed-up safety regime in the North sea .
of government revenue will be [spent] on enforcing the new , beefed-up safety regime in the north sea .

When the Select Committee on Energy took evidence , many oil companies said that a huge amount is currently being expended on safety .
when the select committee on energy took evidence , many oil companies said that a huge amount is currently being [spent] on safety .

That one producer has expended resources in order to educate or manipulate consumer tastes may perhaps offend the ethical values of some observers of the market , and it is not a simple matter , on strictly scientific terms , to evaluate the effect of this kind of activity .
that one producer has [spent] resources in order to educate or manipulate consumer tastes may perhaps offend the ethical values of some observers of the market , and it is not a simple matter , on strictly scientific terms , to evaluate the effect of this kind of activity .

He expended large sums in the construction of this city , and in the foundations he ordered several decapitated criminals to be placed as a sign of sacrifice .
he [spent] large sums in the construction of this city , and in the foundations he ordered several decapitated criminals to be placed as a sign of sacrifice .

The employer contended that the benefit derived from the employee 's invention of a new valve , for use in steel-making , should not be linked to the patented article itself but rather to the extensive development work expended on it by him after the application had been filed with the Patent Office .
the employer contended that the benefit derived from the employee 's invention of a new valve , for use in steel-making , should not be linked to the patented article itself but rather to the extensive development work [spent] on it by him after the application had been filed with the patent office .

The improvements that had taken place relied on the voluntary efforts of enthusiasts or political clout expended on particular initiatives .
the improvements that had taken place relied on the voluntary efforts of enthusiasts or political clout [spent] on particular initiatives .

Attempts to reconcile these two decisions have expanded human ingenuity and expended an unconscionable amount of time , effort and paper .
attempts to reconcile these two decisions have expanded human ingenuity and [spent] an unconscionable amount of time , effort and paper .

Despite the effort expended on getting public areas right , many guests see only the lobby and their bedroom ; and if the bedroom does not work or the decor is offensive , the guest will not return .
despite the effort [spent] on getting public areas right , many guests see only the lobby and their bedroom ; and if the bedroom does not work or the decor is offensive , the guest will not return .

In that event , de Gaulle 's prestige would have been expended without any lasting benefit .
in that event , de gaulle 's prestige would have been [spent] without any lasting benefit .

Traditionally , United Kingdom law has been generous and compilations of non-original matter have been protected providing that some judgment at least has been expended in its making ( see Macmillan & Co .
traditionally , united kingdom law has been generous and compilations of non-original matter have been protected providing that some judgment at least has been [spent] in its making ( see macmillan & co .

Without his influence , the vast energy expended on Wissenschaft over the centuries might have been used for purposes of individual or national aggrandizement .
without his influence , the vast energy [spent] on wissenschaft over the centuries might have been used for purposes of individual or national aggrandizement .

Certainly not the firm of Hang , for within the space of ten years from their involvement they had expended around £31,758 and all that money , and a deal more , found itself disseminated in two or three quiet corners of this remote part of England .
certainly not the firm of hang , for within the space of ten years from their involvement they had [spent] around £31,758 and all that money , and a deal more , found itself disseminated in two or three quiet corners of this remote part of england .

He pointed our , `` … Pr ( partner ) John Shaw is resolved to proceed along with a Mr. Wildhagen … `` They had , it appears , expended upwards of £100 to that date and Millford asked for a new lease upon Fleming Royalties in Shaw 's and Wildhagen 's names .
he pointed our , `` … pr ( partner ) john shaw is resolved to proceed along with a mr. wildhagen … `` they had , it appears , [spent] upwards of £100 to that date and millford asked for a new lease upon fleming royalties in shaw 's and wildhagen 's names .

During the last 10 years they had , Taylor explained , expended a large sum of money without deriving `` any profit whatsoever `` , and were inclined to hope that this and the further anticipated expense entitled them to consideration by `` Royalty reduction or otherwise `` .
during the last 10 years they had , taylor explained , [spent] a large sum of money without deriving `` any profit whatsoever `` , and were inclined to hope that this and the further anticipated expense entitled them to consideration by `` royalty reduction or otherwise `` .

The working of a material can convert kinetic energy into potential energy as an aesthetic process ; just as the energy expended in lifting a one kilogramme weight to a height of one metre invests it with one kgm of potential energy .
the working of a material can convert kinetic energy into potential energy as an aesthetic process ; just as the energy [spent] in lifting a one kilogramme weight to a height of one metre invests it with one kgm of potential energy .

Platonists and Stoics in different ways expended much effort , therefore , in accounting for the evils of experience .
platonists and stoics in different ways [spent] much effort , therefore , in accounting for the evils of experience .

Not much strength was expended in the acquisition of the first game , which she took in only 12 minutes , before Jackman had found her bearings .
not much strength was [spent] in the acquisition of the first game , which she took in only 12 minutes , before jackman had found her bearings .

If the energy input to the whole agricultural system was estimated , from land preparation to canned provisions in supermarkets , then the commercial energy expended was greater than the solar energy harvested by the crops .
if the energy input to the whole agricultural system was estimated , from land preparation to canned provisions in supermarkets , then the commercial energy [spent] was greater than the solar energy harvested by the crops .

According to Mr Jones , the modern forger 's energies are more usually expended on producing counterfeit Rolexes or Lebanese ‘ Johnnie Hawker ’ Red Label whisky than on fine art .
according to mr jones , the modern forger 's energies are more usually [spent] on producing counterfeit rolexes or lebanese ‘ johnnie hawker ’ red label whisky than on fine art .

The sturm und drang of current favourites The Young Gods is the sound of strength being expended .
the sturm und drang of current favourites the young gods is the sound of strength being [spent] .

Motivation is therefore a causal relationship between effort expended , the performance attained and the reward related to the performance .
motivation is therefore a causal relationship between effort [spent] , the performance attained and the reward related to the performance .

if Energy consumed equals Energy expended — body weight will stay the same .
if energy consumed equals energy [spent] — body weight will stay the same .

if Energy consumed exceeds Energy expended — body weight will increase .
if energy consumed exceeds energy [spent] — body weight will increase .

Thomas explained to the Commission how the Grand Junction had started a scheme of improvement to form a through route from Nottinghamshire to Derbyshire to London and that the money expended by 1906 was £86,000 .
thomas explained to the commission how the grand junction had started a scheme of improvement to form a through route from nottinghamshire to derbyshire to london and that the money [spent] by 1906 was £86,000 .

If you find that the property you want is to be sold at Auction , remember that a lot of time , effort and fees can be expended prior to an Auction and there is no guarantee that you will be successful in purchasing the property .
if you find that the property you want is to be sold at auction , remember that a lot of time , effort and fees can be [spent] prior to an auction and there is no guarantee that you will be successful in purchasing the property .

Before a successful method for dieting is assumed to have been found it must be realized that the effects were small and that the difference might reflect the greater energy expended by those who ate in the morning .
before a successful method for dieting is assumed to have been found it must be realized that the effects were small and that the difference might reflect the greater energy [spent] by those who ate in the morning .

Having started off making a big success with a little film , they ended up spending increasingly larger sums of money on bigger films until they had expended so much of their capital they could only go under .
having started off making a big success with a little film , they ended up spending increasingly larger sums of money on bigger films until they had [spent] so much of their capital they could only go under .

But the pathway to discovery was established and the scale on which resources were expended to make these discoveries represents a fantastic extravagance when it is compared with the few thousands of pounds available to Florey and his colleagues , and even with the subsequent development of the original penicillins in the United States .
but the pathway to discovery was established and the scale on which resources were [spent] to make these discoveries represents a fantastic extravagance when it is compared with the few thousands of pounds available to florey and his colleagues , and even with the subsequent development of the original penicillins in the united states .

What would have happened if penicillin had not been discovered , or if years of patient research had failed to explain why sulphonamides acted only on a limited selection of microbes ? Would the idea of drugs useful against germs once again have faded into obscurity ? Would many firms in the pharmaceutical industry have expended large resources in the pursuit of moulds which might produce useful drugs ? Would streptomycin have become available if the example of penicillin had not given impetus to its investigation ? And if there had been no synthetic drugs to control the resistant strains , would the decline of streptomycin have been taken to prove that antibiotics were a waste of time because organisms adapted to them too easily ?
what would have happened if penicillin had not been discovered , or if years of patient research had failed to explain why sulphonamides acted only on a limited selection of microbes ? would the idea of drugs useful against germs once again have faded into obscurity ? would many firms in the pharmaceutical industry have [spent] large resources in the pursuit of moulds which might produce useful drugs ? would streptomycin have become available if the example of penicillin had not given impetus to its investigation ? and if there had been no synthetic drugs to control the resistant strains , would the decline of streptomycin have been taken to prove that antibiotics were a waste of time because organisms adapted to them too easily ?

The Roslavl ' party committee expended most energy of all on plans for the commemoration of the fifth anniversary of the October Revolution .
the roslavl ' party committee [spent] most energy of all on plans for the commemoration of the fifth anniversary of the october revolution .

Its total energy seemed to be expended on the collection of taxes , and like Yakovlev himself , it had no interest in the mainsprings of peasant culture .
its total energy seemed to be [spent] on the collection of taxes , and like yakovlev himself , it had no interest in the mainsprings of peasant culture .

Capricorn had already expended $ 75,000 in legal costs in those proceedings .
capricorn had already [spent] $ 75,000 in legal costs in those proceedings .

There was evidence of the need for training and of the benefits derived from training in terms of improvement in time and effort expended on tasks .
there was evidence of the need for training and of the benefits derived from training in terms of improvement in time and effort [spent] on tasks .

By exposing a disinfectant to dirt in the cleaning process the dirt forms a physical barrier , protecting micro-organisms from attack , and as a result much of the disinfectant activity is expended uselessly against dirt .
by exposing a disinfectant to dirt in the cleaning process the dirt forms a physical barrier , protecting micro-organisms from attack , and as a result much of the disinfectant activity is [spent] uselessly against dirt .

As he was never in contention , he will not have used up the sort of nervous energy expended by Chip Beck , who recovered the lead he had lost on Saturday to edge out Greg Norman and Mike Standly with a final round of 70 .
as he was never in contention , he will not have used up the sort of nervous energy [spent] by chip beck , who recovered the lead he had lost on saturday to edge out greg norman and mike standly with a final round of 70 .

In all the many thousands of words that have been expended on Eliot 's achievements , this crucial matter — his alertness to , and exploiting of , the rhythms of the English verse-line — remains a vacuum , occupied only by unsupported and insupportable appeals to ‘ the ear ’ .
in all the many thousands of words that have been [spent] on eliot 's achievements , this crucial matter — his alertness to , and exploiting of , the rhythms of the english verse-line — remains a vacuum , occupied only by unsupported and insupportable appeals to ‘ the ear ’ .

This eruption could as well be termed Peleean as Plinian , for part of the force of the great eruption of 1956 was expended in powerful nuees which swept down the flanks of the volcano with terrific force .
this eruption could as well be termed peleean as plinian , for part of the force of the great eruption of 1956 was [spent] in powerful nuees which swept down the flanks of the volcano with terrific force .

Therefore such burrows give you a greater return for the effort expended .
therefore such burrows give you a greater return for the effort [spent] .

Turning to the principal carer 's involvement with the dementia sufferer , it was easy to see the tremendous amount of time and energy expended by most of them .
turning to the principal carer 's involvement with the dementia sufferer , it was easy to see the tremendous amount of time and energy [spent] by most of them .

Considerable resources are expended on screening and evaluation programmes .
considerable resources are [spent] on screening and evaluation programmes .

… it has been suggested that the value of an activity may be related to the time expended by the user .
… it has been suggested that the value of an activity may be related to the time [spent] by the user .

Very often one sees schedules which have never been taken beyond the question-asking stage and one wonders what terrible time and effort must be expended on forcing all sorts of answers into categories later on , especially when electronic means of analysis , such as computers , are to be used .
very often one sees schedules which have never been taken beyond the question-asking stage and one wonders what terrible time and effort must be [spent] on forcing all sorts of answers into categories later on , especially when electronic means of analysis , such as computers , are to be used .

As more time and energy is expended there is more exposure to critical evaluation .
as more time and energy is [spent] there is more exposure to critical evaluation .

There would be revealed the incredible amount of effort which in the name of ‘ god ’ , has been expended on all those evil things that it should be the objective of the kind of religion that the human race hungers for , to banish from the face of the earth .
there would be revealed the incredible amount of effort which in the name of ‘ god ’ , has been [spent] on all those evil things that it should be the objective of the kind of religion that the human race hungers for , to banish from the face of the earth .

The shoulder angle is also relevant to the paddler 's centre of gravity and to the amount of power that can be expended on a stroke .
the shoulder angle is also relevant to the paddler 's centre of gravity and to the amount of power that can be [spent] on a stroke .

This would explain the great effort expended in moving the stones long distances : they had a specific quality and function .
this would explain the great effort [spent] in moving the stones long distances : they had a specific quality and function .

It was as though the wind and tide had decided to have a good rest having expended all its fury achieving the high water mark .
it was as though the wind and tide had decided to have a good rest having [spent] all its fury achieving the high water mark .

In 1981 , President Samora Machel stressed not democratic participation in school management but the responsibility of pupils to achieve good marks to justify the money and effort expended by the community .
in 1981 , president samora machel stressed not democratic participation in school management but the responsibility of pupils to achieve good marks to justify the money and effort [spent] by the community .

The process is becoming laborious and a lot of energy is being expended with little result to show for it , progress is very slow .
the process is becoming laborious and a lot of energy is being [spent] with little result to show for it , progress is very slow .

From 1950 to 1995 , domestic production of apparel doubled , while textile production , less vulnerable to imports , increased almost three times.5 Since World War II , shifting tastes in clothes , rising real incomes , and domestic and foreign competition within the textile and apparel industries have markedly reduced the proportion of consumer budgets expended on apparel and its upkeep ( laundry and dry cleaning ) .
from 1950 to 1995 , domestic production of apparel doubled , while textile production , less vulnerable to imports , increased almost three times.5 since world war ii , shifting tastes in clothes , rising real incomes , and domestic and foreign competition within the textile and apparel industries have markedly reduced the proportion of consumer budgets [spent] on apparel and its upkeep ( laundry and dry cleaning ) .

Charles II never saw the palace on which he lavished so much money ( the royal coffers expended £57,000 , a fortune at the time ) , but he created the foundation of what we see today , with its amazing ornamental plaster work and carved wood paneling .
charles ii never saw the palace on which he lavished so much money ( the royal coffers [spent] £57,000 , a fortune at the time ) , but he created the foundation of what we see today , with its amazing ornamental plaster work and carved wood paneling .

Pokhara , on Phewa Lake , has the best views for the least expended energy of any location in Nepal .
pokhara , on phewa lake , has the best views for the least [spent] energy of any location in nepal .

Unfortunately , the Greek resistance movement formed during the war was so politically divided that the guerrillas expended almost as much energy fighting each other as against the Germans .
unfortunately , the greek resistance movement formed during the war was so politically divided that the guerrillas [spent] almost as much energy fighting each other as against the germans .

For example , BLM 's Director 's Tracking System collects and makes available on a real-time basis data on each senior executive 's progress in their state offices towards BLM 's national priorities and the resources expended on each priority .
for example , blm 's director 's tracking system collects and makes available on a real-time basis data on each senior executive 's progress in their state offices towards blm 's national priorities and the resources [spent] on each priority .

Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .
regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be [spent] on controls .

EXPENDED APPROPRIATIONS - The dollar amount of appropriations used to fund goods and services received or benefits or grants provided .
[spent] appropriations - the dollar amount of appropriations used to fund goods and services received or benefits or grants provided .

The term applies to ( a ) a money difference or ( b ) changes in the character or purpose of amounts expended .
the term applies to ( a ) a money difference or ( b ) changes in the character or purpose of amounts [spent] .

Their withdrawal will not result in the termination of a product if significant resources have been expended and/or the product is in the public interest .
their withdrawal will not result in the termination of a product if significant resources have been [spent] and/or the product is in the public interest .

Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .
regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be [spent] on controls .

The due diligence that GAO has expended to develop its strategic plan in concert with the Congress has identified a number of complex issues that are not easily solved .
the due diligence that gao has [spent] to develop its strategic plan in concert with the congress has identified a number of complex issues that are not easily solved .

The information collections associated with the final rule contain 3,527,901 burden hours which include 1,433,579 burden hours for a one time start up expenditure for 7,237 manufacturers and 2,094,321 burden hours expended annually by 7,237 manufacturers .
the information collections associated with the final rule contain 3,527,901 burden hours which include 1,433,579 burden hours for a one time start up expenditure for 7,237 manufacturers and 2,094,321 burden hours [spent] annually by 7,237 manufacturers .

This ties up resources that might otherwise have been expended differently .
this ties up resources that might otherwise have been [spent] differently .

Resources expended in supporting efforts such as community legal education , outreach , state planning and resource development also would not be factored into the program 's `` cost-per-case . ''
resources [spent] in supporting efforts such as community legal education , outreach , state planning and resource development also would not be factored into the program 's `` cost-per-case . ''

A labor productivity value of 110 means that 10 percent more work was accomplished for the level of labor expended than if a productivity value of 100 was achieved .
a labor productivity value of 110 means that 10 percent more work was accomplished for the level of labor [spent] than if a productivity value of 100 was achieved .

Because the Otis fighters had expended a great deal of fuel in flying first to military airspace and then to New York , the battle commanders were concerned about refueling .
because the otis fighters had [spent] a great deal of fuel in flying first to military airspace and then to new york , the battle commanders were concerned about refueling .

Because the Otis fighters had expended a great deal of fuel in flying first to military airspace and then to New York , the battle commanders were concerned about refueling .
because the otis fighters had [spent] a great deal of fuel in flying first to military airspace and then to new york , the battle commanders were concerned about refueling .

Furthermore , approximately 75 % of our total income is expended directly on program activities .
furthermore , approximately 75 % of our total income is [spent] directly on program activities .

Despite considerable effort expended by the author , no clarity as to the identity or subsequent fate of Karen can be offered here .
despite considerable effort [spent] by the author , no clarity as to the identity or subsequent fate of karen can be offered here .

It is also possible that my general grouchiness on the subject of the Internet has to do with the fact that I 've expended a lot of energy these past few years claiming that the valuations of Internet stocks make no sense , and that , in general , what I 've come to think of as the Internet stock market -- people using the Internet to `` learn '' about Internet stocks , when they then trade via an Internet site -- is insane .
it is also possible that my general grouchiness on the subject of the internet has to do with the fact that i 've [spent] a lot of energy these past few years claiming that the valuations of internet stocks make no sense , and that , in general , what i 've come to think of as the internet stock market -- people using the internet to `` learn '' about internet stocks , when they then trade via an internet site -- is insane .

All the hot air expended on China disproves the idea that Americans do n't care about foreign policy , notes a grinning John Harris ( PBS 's Washington Week in Review ) .
all the hot air [spent] on china disproves the idea that americans do n't care about foreign policy , notes a grinning john harris ( pbs 's washington week in review ) .

Ditto on minorities -- he 's not opposed to affirmative action , but he expended no political capital defending it -- as in fighting California 's Prop .
ditto on minorities -- he 's not opposed to affirmative action , but he [spent] no political capital defending it -- as in fighting california 's prop .

It 's not as if Simpson has expended much effort on making the truck ride all that terrible or wondrous .
it 's not as if simpson has [spent] much effort on making the truck ride all that terrible or wondrous .

Prudie instinctively thanks wait-people for each effort expended -- unless she is telling a story , in which case she pretends not to have noticed .
prudie instinctively thanks wait-people for each effort [spent] -- unless she is telling a story , in which case she pretends not to have noticed .

Such policies are not only asinine , they are—and here I have found another appropriate place for the buzz word of the decade— counterproductive : the energies expended on vengeance are entirely wasted and should be channeled to changing the present system to ensure that they are not continued .
such policies are not only asinine , they are—and here i have found another appropriate place for the buzz word of the decade— counterproductive : the energies [spent] on vengeance are entirely wasted and should be channeled to changing the present system to ensure that they are not continued .

In this way , language at least attempts to follow a path of least resistance , in which the effort expended in writing or speech is lessened .
in this way , language at least attempts to follow a path of least resistance , in which the effort [spent] in writing or speech is lessened .

