Mr Christopher wants Israel to expedite appeals from Palestinians deported last December on suspicion that they incited anti-Israeli violence .
mr christopher wants israel to [speed up/hurry] appeals from palestinians deported last december on suspicion that they incited anti-israeli violence .

The decision to expedite reviews of deportation cases will be announced in a low-key way , if at all , a senior Israeli official said .
the decision to [speed up/hurry] reviews of deportation cases will be announced in a low-key way , if at all , a senior israeli official said .

This will certainly help us to expedite our derelict land reclamation programme .
this will certainly help us to [speed up/hurry] our derelict land reclamation programme .

Expedite the tying up businesses .
[speed up/hurry] the tying up businesses .

It will include a systems integration effort for complicated tasks such as document tracking , and joint development of software to expedite computer-assisted new drug design .
it will include a systems integration effort for complicated tasks such as document tracking , and joint development of software to [speed up/hurry] computer-assisted new drug design .

This has enormous implications for the cost and length of time it takes to expedite cases , both areas over which the Institute has been severely criticised and which it is keen to see reduced .
this has enormous implications for the cost and length of time it takes to [speed up/hurry] cases , both areas over which the institute has been severely criticised and which it is keen to see reduced .

Undoubtedly , ‘ voluntary ’ Saxon labour was used to expedite these tasks .
undoubtedly , ‘ voluntary ’ saxon labour was used to [speed up/hurry] these tasks .

Delinquent subculture theory , with its emphasis on a collective solution to the problem , also allowed for social learning to augment and expedite the generation of delinquent values .
delinquent subculture theory , with its emphasis on a collective solution to the problem , also allowed for social learning to augment and [speed up/hurry] the generation of delinquent values .

If the purpose of teaching is to expedite learning , then a person who is taught is likely to learn more effectively than one who is not .
if the purpose of teaching is to [speed up/hurry] learning , then a person who is taught is likely to learn more effectively than one who is not .

Counter-insurgency theory accepts this fact as basic and concentrates on ways to expedite the process by making terrorists appear even more violent , callous and irresponsible than they are .
counter-insurgency theory accepts this fact as basic and concentrates on ways to [speed up/hurry] the process by making terrorists appear even more violent , callous and irresponsible than they are .

Qualix Group Inc , San Francisco , California , has formed Qualix Direct , a new division to expedite large-volume Unix/client-server software purchases .
qualix group inc , san francisco , california , has formed qualix direct , a new division to [speed up/hurry] large-volume unix/client-server software purchases .

3.3 The Pressure to Eliminate Paper and Expedite Shipments : Fragmentation and Dematerialization of the bill of lading
3.3 the pressure to eliminate paper and [speed up/hurry] shipments : fragmentation and dematerialization of the bill of lading

Delay causes problems in both civil and criminal matters despite the existence of time-limits which are intended to expedite cases .
delay causes problems in both civil and criminal matters despite the existence of time-limits which are intended to [speed up/hurry] cases .

By paying a fee of £25 ( or more , if so directed by the Registrar ) it 's possible to expedite a registration ; in such a case , if a survey is n't required and no Land Registry requisitions are necessary , registration normally takes place within 14 to 21 days .
by paying a fee of £25 ( or more , if so directed by the registrar ) it 's possible to [speed up/hurry] a registration ; in such a case , if a survey is n't required and no land registry requisitions are necessary , registration normally takes place within 14 to 21 days .

Dobry therefore had a difficult task of reconciling apparently irreconcilable objectives : to expedite planning procedures while at the same time facilitating greater public participation and devising a system which would produce better environmental results .
dobry therefore had a difficult task of reconciling apparently irreconcilable objectives : to [speed up/hurry] planning procedures while at the same time facilitating greater public participation and devising a system which would produce better environmental results .

Instead , hoping to expedite matters , he squatted down beside them and gave them a hand .
instead , hoping to [speed up/hurry] matters , he squatted down beside them and gave them a hand .

The service has also agreed to expedite final consideration of 900 species believed worthy of protection .
the service has also agreed to [speed up/hurry] final consideration of 900 species believed worthy of protection .

Those sessions have been postponed to expedite a decision to allow the tour to take place .
those sessions have been postponed to [speed up/hurry] a decision to allow the tour to take place .

While most of this was routine , the Secretary was in a position to expedite or delay the royal grants of patronage which had to pass the Signet .
while most of this was routine , the secretary was in a position to [speed up/hurry] or delay the royal grants of patronage which had to pass the signet .

Programs Affected : the sub-system and programs likely to be amended in order to expedite the change
programs affected : the sub-system and programs likely to be amended in order to [speed up/hurry] the change

‘ Expedite common action by member states to establish the comparability of Vocational Qualifications in the Community ’
‘ [speed up/hurry] common action by member states to establish the comparability of vocational qualifications in the community ’

How many of the boat people have been granted refugee status ? Has any pressure been brought on Her Majesty 's Government by the Chinese , the butchers of Tiananmen square , to expedite the return of , or to remove any rights from , those refugees ?
how many of the boat people have been granted refugee status ? has any pressure been brought on her majesty 's government by the chinese , the butchers of tiananmen square , to [speed up/hurry] the return of , or to remove any rights from , those refugees ?

Will the Home Secretary expedite his consideration and either grant a posthumous pardon or at least instigate a public inquiry , so that what is regarded as the greatest injustice of our post-war criminal justice system left unremedied will be put right before the last member of the Bentley family dies without knowing the result ?
will the home secretary [speed up/hurry] his consideration and either grant a posthumous pardon or at least instigate a public inquiry , so that what is regarded as the greatest injustice of our post-war criminal justice system left unremedied will be put right before the last member of the bentley family dies without knowing the result ?

The paper included plans to privatize British Rail and London buses , to increase competition for the Post Office , to expedite the contracting out of local authority services to the private sector , and to shorten waiting times for hospital admissions .
the paper included plans to privatize british rail and london buses , to increase competition for the post office , to [speed up/hurry] the contracting out of local authority services to the private sector , and to shorten waiting times for hospital admissions .

Under the small constitution the government would be able to expedite the Sejm 's examination of urgent legislation and seek special powers to issue decrees .
under the small constitution the government would be able to [speed up/hurry] the sejm 's examination of urgent legislation and seek special powers to issue decrees .

Fokin promised to restructure the government to expedite market economic reforms .
fokin promised to restructure the government to [speed up/hurry] market economic reforms .

We will wish to introduce clear guidance and operational systems to expedite this as soon as possible .
we will wish to introduce clear guidance and operational systems to [speed up/hurry] this as soon as possible .

For this reason an interval of six weeks elapses between the decree nisi , which is made upon the hearing of the case , and the decree absolute , which finally dissolves the marriage and enables the parties to marry again , though the court has power to expedite the decree absolute in a suitable case .
for this reason an interval of six weeks elapses between the decree nisi , which is made upon the hearing of the case , and the decree absolute , which finally dissolves the marriage and enables the parties to marry again , though the court has power to [speed up/hurry] the decree absolute in a suitable case .

The White Paper programme introduced a fundamental policy change to expedite and implement the removal of technical barriers leading to the ‘ harmonisation ’ of standards . This approach , known as ‘ the new approach ’ , is based on two principles :
the white paper programme introduced a fundamental policy change to [speed up/hurry] and implement the removal of technical barriers leading to the ‘ harmonisation ’ of standards . this approach , known as ‘ the new approach ’ , is based on two principles :

A solution that makes most sense , she said , would be to change calendar procedures in order to expedite hearings where pro bono counsel are scheduled to appear .
a solution that makes most sense , she said , would be to change calendar procedures in order to [speed up/hurry] hearings where pro bono counsel are scheduled to appear .

The NTEU President said that the union was willing to expedite some negotiations on mission-critical issues because a trusting relationship had developed and IRS employees felt that management used the information they provided in shaping the new IRS .
the nteu president said that the union was willing to [speed up/hurry] some negotiations on mission-critical issues because a trusting relationship had developed and irs employees felt that management used the information they provided in shaping the new irs .

They merely provide a mechanism to reduce clerical costs and expedite processing while continuing to meet prompt payment requirements and maintain effective internal control .
they merely provide a mechanism to reduce clerical costs and [speed up/hurry] processing while continuing to meet prompt payment requirements and maintain effective internal control .

We have also taken steps to streamline and expedite our hiring process .
we have also taken steps to streamline and [speed up/hurry] our hiring process .

Complex facility projects usually include a procurement phase in order to expedite the purchase , manufacture , and delivery of longleadtime equipment , such as unique process machinery , large electrical and mechanical equipment , and sophisticated architectural components .
complex facility projects usually include a procurement phase in order to [speed up/hurry] the purchase , manufacture , and delivery of longleadtime equipment , such as unique process machinery , large electrical and mechanical equipment , and sophisticated architectural components .

The career criminal program aimed at `` swift and certain '' justice by trying to expedite and strengthen processing of individuals who had long criminal histories at the time of apprehension .
the career criminal program aimed at `` swift and certain '' justice by trying to [speed up/hurry] and strengthen processing of individuals who had long criminal histories at the time of apprehension .

To expedite placing the facility back into use , large sections were fabricated off site and transported by barge to the site .
to [speed up/hurry] placing the facility back into use , large sections were fabricated off site and transported by barge to the site .

The rules likewise expedite public notice and procedural scheduling , providing for a `` yes or no '' Commission decision within 90 days , consistent with the due process rights of other parties .
the rules likewise [speed up/hurry] public notice and procedural scheduling , providing for a `` yes or no '' commission decision within 90 days , consistent with the due process rights of other parties .

The Chief of Department , along with civilian commissioners and senior EMS chiefs , organized ambulances on West Street to expedite the transport of injured civilians to hospitals .
the chief of department , along with civilian commissioners and senior ems chiefs , organized ambulances on west street to [speed up/hurry] the transport of injured civilians to hospitals .

Some officers were then assigned to assist in stairwell evacuations ; others were assigned to expedite evacuation in the plaza , concourse , and PATH station .
some officers were then assigned to assist in stairwell evacuations ; others were assigned to [speed up/hurry] evacuation in the plaza , concourse , and path station .

The TSA should expedite the installation of advanced ( in-line ) baggage-screening equipment .
the tsa should [speed up/hurry] the installation of advanced ( in-line ) baggage-screening equipment .

This can help to expedite the review process , saving time for authors , editors , and reviewers .
this can help to [speed up/hurry] the review process , saving time for authors , editors , and reviewers .

By using a marker-assisted approach , it will provide a noninvasive road map to expedite the selective introgression of useful traits in the years ahead .
by using a marker-assisted approach , it will provide a noninvasive road map to [speed up/hurry] the selective introgression of useful traits in the years ahead .

What tools can we use to expedite the effort ?
what tools can we use to [speed up/hurry] the effort ?

While accusing Clinton of invoking the Iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , Republicans invoke the Iraq conflict to expedite the impeachment vote .
while accusing clinton of invoking the iraq conflict to delay the impeachment vote , republicans invoke the iraq conflict to [speed up/hurry] the impeachment vote .

We deliberately cc 'd the issues managers , figuring that this clever move would expedite the responses .
we deliberately cc 'd the issues managers , figuring that this clever move would [speed up/hurry] the responses .

Germany 's Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung questioned , in a front-page editorial , whether the agreement will expedite peace in the Middle East .
germany 's frankfurter allgemeine zeitung questioned , in a front-page editorial , whether the agreement will [speed up/hurry] peace in the middle east .

McCain is asked whether he acted improperly by asking the Federal Communications Commission to expedite its review of a transaction by one of McCain 's campaign donors .
mccain is asked whether he acted improperly by asking the federal communications commission to [speed up/hurry] its review of a transaction by one of mccain 's campaign donors .

