But the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were expeditious .
but the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were [quick/fast/rapid] .

Other expeditious methods are designed to prevent prolixity , limit delays , and reduce the expense of infringement suits .
other [quick/fast/rapid] methods are designed to prevent prolixity , limit delays , and reduce the expense of infringement suits .

‘ In most cases the auditor is best placed to conduct a thorough and expeditious investigation and need not be torn between his duties to two masters , ’ he adds .
‘ in most cases the auditor is best placed to conduct a thorough and [quick/fast/rapid] investigation and need not be torn between his duties to two masters , ’ he adds .

In a bureaucracy such as a pollution control agency , the organizing principle is administrative efficiency — ‘ an orientation to the expeditious attainment of the given objectives ’ ( Blau , 1963 : 264 ) — which reaches down to the field officer in the form of a number of imperatives about getting the job done in certain ways that have profound implications for his exercise of discretion .
in a bureaucracy such as a pollution control agency , the organizing principle is administrative efficiency — ‘ an orientation to the [quick/fast/rapid] attainment of the given objectives ’ ( blau , 1963 : 264 ) — which reaches down to the field officer in the form of a number of imperatives about getting the job done in certain ways that have profound implications for his exercise of discretion .

The fair , public and expeditious characteristics of judicial proceedings are of no value at all if there are no judicial proceedings .
the fair , public and [quick/fast/rapid] characteristics of judicial proceedings are of no value at all if there are no judicial proceedings .

It provides a simple and expeditious procedure for dealing with the situation where a constable believes that a person bailed is unlikely to surrender to custody , or alternatively , that a person bailed is likely to break a condition of his bail , or has broken a condition of his bail .
it provides a simple and [quick/fast/rapid] procedure for dealing with the situation where a constable believes that a person bailed is unlikely to surrender to custody , or alternatively , that a person bailed is likely to break a condition of his bail , or has broken a condition of his bail .

In my judgment , Parliament intended to and did provide a simple and expeditious method of dealing with a person arrested without warrant by a constable who had reasonable grounds for believing that that person had broken a condition of his bail , or was likely to break a condition of his bail , or was likely to fail to surrender to custody .
in my judgment , parliament intended to and did provide a simple and [quick/fast/rapid] method of dealing with a person arrested without warrant by a constable who had reasonable grounds for believing that that person had broken a condition of his bail , or was likely to break a condition of his bail , or was likely to fail to surrender to custody .

From Merligen ( or from the Beatus Caves ) an expeditious but interesting return to Thun can be made by car or by the bus service noted above .
from merligen ( or from the beatus caves ) an [quick/fast/rapid] but interesting return to thun can be made by car or by the bus service noted above .

This type of notice filing is intended to be simple , inexpensive and expeditious and to put persons on notice that a charge has been registered so that they can take whatever steps they consider appropriate to protect their interests .
this type of notice filing is intended to be simple , inexpensive and [quick/fast/rapid] and to put persons on notice that a charge has been registered so that they can take whatever steps they consider appropriate to protect their interests .

The function of the pre-trial review is made clear by the instructions to the district judge whereby he or she is required to ‘ … give all such directions as appear to be necessary or desirable for securing the just expeditious and economical disposal of the action or matter .
the function of the pre-trial review is made clear by the instructions to the district judge whereby he or she is required to ‘ … give all such directions as appear to be necessary or desirable for securing the just [quick/fast/rapid] and economical disposal of the action or matter .

For instance , does your `` off-the-street `` procedure for dealing with enquiries make the prospective clients feel wanted , well treated and leave them with an impression of an efficient , sympathetic firm capable of providing an expeditious service ?
for instance , does your `` off-the-street `` procedure for dealing with enquiries make the prospective clients feel wanted , well treated and leave them with an impression of an efficient , sympathetic firm capable of providing an [quick/fast/rapid] service ?

To drive from Lascaux of the prehistoric caves in the Dordogne right across country to Valence on the Rhone is possibly not the most expeditious way of getting from the deep south-west of France to the Mediterranean .
to drive from lascaux of the prehistoric caves in the dordogne right across country to valence on the rhone is possibly not the most [quick/fast/rapid] way of getting from the deep south-west of france to the mediterranean .

But the requirement of leave need not be too burdensome for applicants if an expeditious procedure for cases of emergency is provided ; and the question of time-limits could be dealt with by making it clear that a short time-limit should be imposed only if public works would otherwise be held in undue suspense .
but the requirement of leave need not be too burdensome for applicants if an [quick/fast/rapid] procedure for cases of emergency is provided ; and the question of time-limits could be dealt with by making it clear that a short time-limit should be imposed only if public works would otherwise be held in undue suspense .

Article 14 allows states which belong to ‘ economic integration systems ’ , by which was meant groupings such as the Latin American Free Trade Association or the Andean Common Market , to agree upon ‘ special methods and procedures more expeditious than those provided for ’ in the convention .
article 14 allows states which belong to ‘ economic integration systems ’ , by which was meant groupings such as the latin american free trade association or the andean common market , to agree upon ‘ special methods and procedures more [quick/fast/rapid] than those provided for ’ in the convention .

If prospective purchasers in your country have been identified by the initiating member then , on an expeditious basis , advise the initiating member as to :
if prospective purchasers in your country have been identified by the initiating member then , on an [quick/fast/rapid] basis , advise the initiating member as to :

Advise the initiating member or the client of the results of the contact on an expeditious basis or , alternatively , explain the reasons for delay .
advise the initiating member or the client of the results of the contact on an [quick/fast/rapid] basis or , alternatively , explain the reasons for delay .

Making such interlocutory orders and arbitration decisions as are likely to bring about a just , expeditious and economical disposal of the case ; monitoring the progress of any case or class of case [ e.g .
making such interlocutory orders and arbitration decisions as are likely to bring about a just , [quick/fast/rapid] and economical disposal of the case ; monitoring the progress of any case or class of case [ e.g .

In fact he had been advised to take cheap and expeditious transit on one of the small four-crewed colliers that sailed from Tyne to Thames , which journey , depending on wind and tide , took less time .
in fact he had been advised to take cheap and [quick/fast/rapid] transit on one of the small four-crewed colliers that sailed from tyne to thames , which journey , depending on wind and tide , took less time .

As well as the appointment of the Commissioner , recent legislation has paved the way for certain rights to be enforced by procedures which are cheaper , more expeditious and more informal than the ordinary courts .
as well as the appointment of the commissioner , recent legislation has paved the way for certain rights to be enforced by procedures which are cheaper , more [quick/fast/rapid] and more informal than the ordinary courts .

We will provide a fair and expeditious system for examining claims for refugee status .
we will provide a fair and [quick/fast/rapid] system for examining claims for refugee status .

This can be expected to attack priorities first at the most expeditious points , where ground is favourable and forces ready .
this can be expected to attack priorities first at the most [quick/fast/rapid] points , where ground is favourable and forces ready .

When a human chess player finds himself ahead , the art of the game demands that he win in the most expeditious manner ; some sort of lightning stroke that ends the game rapidly .
when a human chess player finds himself ahead , the art of the game demands that he win in the most [quick/fast/rapid] manner ; some sort of lightning stroke that ends the game rapidly .

For heavy goods , especially of timber and stone , it still seems likely that water transport , by river and sea and a little by canal , was cheaper and more expeditious than long-distance travel by road — and that there was sense as well as sentiment , for example , in the devotion the Norman builders showed in England for their native stone from Caen .
for heavy goods , especially of timber and stone , it still seems likely that water transport , by river and sea and a little by canal , was cheaper and more [quick/fast/rapid] than long-distance travel by road — and that there was sense as well as sentiment , for example , in the devotion the norman builders showed in england for their native stone from caen .

The possibility of war with Spain was averted by an expeditious royal marriage , and by the end of the century a treaty with Spain drew up the boundaries of Portugal that stand today .
the possibility of war with spain was averted by an [quick/fast/rapid] royal marriage , and by the end of the century a treaty with spain drew up the boundaries of portugal that stand today .

Oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to obtain comments .
oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most [quick/fast/rapid] way to obtain comments .

Oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to obtain comments .
oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most [quick/fast/rapid] way to obtain comments .

Oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most expeditious way to obtain comments .
oral comments are acceptable as well , and , in some cases , may be the only or most [quick/fast/rapid] way to obtain comments .

C. Commission Procedures Adapted to the Expeditious Consideration of Proposed Service Innovations Recognizing that certain types of proposed service innovations merit consideration under specialized procedures , the Commission has adopted several sets of rules that are customized for defined categories of Postal Service requests .
c. commission procedures adapted to the [quick/fast/rapid] consideration of proposed service innovations recognizing that certain types of proposed service innovations merit consideration under specialized procedures , the commission has adopted several sets of rules that are customized for defined categories of postal service requests .

Postal Service , the Commission extended their application for an additional five-year period in a recent rulemaking.11 Conclusion : Specialized Postal Rate Commission rules of procedure are currently available for use by the Postal Service to provide expeditious consideration of proposed service innovations in a manner consistent with the due process rights of all interested persons .
postal service , the commission extended their application for an additional five-year period in a recent rulemaking.11 conclusion : specialized postal rate commission rules of procedure are currently available for use by the postal service to provide [quick/fast/rapid] consideration of proposed service innovations in a manner consistent with the due process rights of all interested persons .

