Unfortunately , Brooks's teammates were not in such festive mood as the Orioles expired before the seven-hit pitching of three Kansas City rookie hurlers .
unfortunately , brooks's teammates were not in such festive mood as the orioles [finished/ended] before the seven-hit pitching of three kansas city rookie hurlers .

His official term expired last summer .
his official term [finished/ended] last summer .

The raising of the $25,000 Improvement Fund two days before the time limit expired , and the spontaneous `` praise demonstration '' held afterward on the campus , were reported as events which had brought happiness to Miss Giles .
the raising of the $25,000 improvement fund two days before the time limit [finished/ended] , and the spontaneous `` praise demonstration '' held afterward on the campus , were reported as events which had brought happiness to miss giles .

The Fourteenth Regiment of Ohio Volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes , among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment .
the fourteenth regiment of ohio volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes , among them being several men whose time of service had [finished/ended] but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment .

they expired amid indescribable fantods , imploring the Blessed One to forgive their desecration .
they [finished/ended] amid indescribable fantods , imploring the blessed one to forgive their desecration .

Need n't be worn out , it 's just the sell by date 's expired .
need n't be worn out , it 's just the sell by date 's [finished/ended] .

The third period expired at 7pm , when Mrs Queripel was freed .
the third period [finished/ended] at 7pm , when mrs queripel was freed .

The official Xinhua news agency said the freeing of Mr Wang and Guo Haifeng several months before their four-year prison terms expired marked the end of China 's punishment of the students who led the protests .
the official xinhua news agency said the freeing of mr wang and guo haifeng several months before their four-year prison terms [finished/ended] marked the end of china 's punishment of the students who led the protests .

Once inside , the volunteer will be linked to a battery of equipment to monitor blood pressure , heart sounds , the content of expired air , blood oxygen saturation levels and the rate by which air is being used .
once inside , the volunteer will be linked to a battery of equipment to monitor blood pressure , heart sounds , the content of [finished/ended] air , blood oxygen saturation levels and the rate by which air is being used .

Richard spent two years in Beverly Hills and had to leave when his work permit expired .
richard spent two years in beverly hills and had to leave when his work permit [finished/ended] .

Last week the deadline for finding eight thousand pounds to pay back a loan from a mortgage company expired .
last week the deadline for finding eight thousand pounds to pay back a loan from a mortgage company [finished/ended] .

In 1988 they were granted permission to operate on 15 Sundays in any year but that permission expired in December last year .
in 1988 they were granted permission to operate on 15 sundays in any year but that permission [finished/ended] in december last year .

That 's your licence , right . It 's expired ! It 's out of date !
that 's your licence , right . it 's [finished/ended] ! it 's out of date !

At the same time the distinctive single-band soundhole rosette is a reminder of Daion guitars , an underrated and sadly expired early-'80s Japanese brand .
at the same time the distinctive single-band soundhole rosette is a reminder of daion guitars , an underrated and sadly [finished/ended] early-'80s japanese brand .

The family 's hopes that Caroline was alive slumped when her visa expired three weeks ago .
the family 's hopes that caroline was alive slumped when her visa [finished/ended] three weeks ago .

After his arrest , Thai police discovered that his visa had expired .
after his arrest , thai police discovered that his visa had [finished/ended] .

Since it necessarily takes a long time to produce such a report , the mandatory period within which the legal claim should be registered has frequently , even usually , expired before the report is available .
since it necessarily takes a long time to produce such a report , the mandatory period within which the legal claim should be registered has frequently , even usually , [finished/ended] before the report is available .

The Court of Session decision was taken on Tuesday 26 March — just one day after the twenty-one day Place of Safety Orders on the nine children had expired .
the court of session decision was taken on tuesday 26 march — just one day after the twenty-one day place of safety orders on the nine children had [finished/ended] .

In some ways the locals were lucky that Ennex had bought Mogul as the original lease did not require the leaseholders , Mogul , to rehabilitate the area until the lease expired on 1 December 1988 .
in some ways the locals were lucky that ennex had bought mogul as the original lease did not require the leaseholders , mogul , to rehabilitate the area until the lease [finished/ended] on 1 december 1988 .

The Sun only just manages to keep alight and it tends to be those few protons that are moving faster than average that keep it going — which is just as well or it could have used all its fuel and expired before we arrived .
the sun only just manages to keep alight and it tends to be those few protons that are moving faster than average that keep it going — which is just as well or it could have used all its fuel and [finished/ended] before we arrived .

Some had floundered right across the room before they had expired .
some had floundered right across the room before they had [finished/ended] .

While the onus is on the defence , most police officers ’ statements contain the question ‘ Are you insured to drive this motor vehicle ? ’ In the cases where an expired insurance certificate is produced a question such as ‘ have you any other insurance for this motor vehicle ? ’ is advisable .
while the onus is on the defence , most police officers ’ statements contain the question ‘ are you insured to drive this motor vehicle ? ’ in the cases where an [finished/ended] insurance certificate is produced a question such as ‘ have you any other insurance for this motor vehicle ? ’ is advisable .

When a certificate of insurance has expired or when a new insurance contract is being negotiated , insurance companies issue ‘ cover notes ’ which usually vary in length of validity from 15 days to 60 days .
when a certificate of insurance has [finished/ended] or when a new insurance contract is being negotiated , insurance companies issue ‘ cover notes ’ which usually vary in length of validity from 15 days to 60 days .

An expired certificate might be produced .
an [finished/ended] certificate might be produced .

The cost was exclusively for the benefit of the business and could not be carried forward in the accounts as an asset after the lease expired .
the cost was exclusively for the benefit of the business and could not be carried forward in the accounts as an asset after the lease [finished/ended] .

The reader does not disclose the term of the original lease which expired on 25 March 1991 .
the reader does not disclose the term of the original lease which [finished/ended] on 25 march 1991 .

The temporary increase in the stamp duty threshold for purchases of land and property other than shares from £30,000 to £250,000 expired on 19 August .
the temporary increase in the stamp duty threshold for purchases of land and property other than shares from £30,000 to £250,000 [finished/ended] on 19 august .

As the debt can not be required to be redeemed , its value after the primary period has expired is negligible and , in practice , there will usually be arrangements to transfer it to a party friendly to the issuer or to enable the issuer to elect effectively to redeem the debt for a token amount .
as the debt can not be required to be redeemed , its value after the primary period has [finished/ended] is negligible and , in practice , there will usually be arrangements to transfer it to a party friendly to the issuer or to enable the issuer to elect effectively to redeem the debt for a token amount .

He went home , confessed , made his will , took the sacrament and quietly expired !
he went home , confessed , made his will , took the sacrament and quietly [finished/ended] !

’ So inertia keeps the insurance in place long after the societies ' compulsory term has expired .
’ so inertia keeps the insurance in place long after the societies ' compulsory term has [finished/ended] .

In fact , by the time the lease expired , the four had ‘ developed in slightly different directions ’ .
in fact , by the time the lease [finished/ended] , the four had ‘ developed in slightly different directions ’ .

Thus , on the facts of the Dodds case , where a landlord gave notice of termination of a tenancy of business premises under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 on the 30 September 1978 , the ‘ four month ’ period during which the tenant had a right to apply for a new tenancy expired at midnight on 30 January , and so his application made on 31 January 1979 was invalid as being out of time .
thus , on the facts of the dodds case , where a landlord gave notice of termination of a tenancy of business premises under the landlord and tenant act 1954 on the 30 september 1978 , the ‘ four month ’ period during which the tenant had a right to apply for a new tenancy [finished/ended] at midnight on 30 january , and so his application made on 31 january 1979 was invalid as being out of time .

Expired .
[finished/ended] .

By the time this letter is published , the Faculty examination consultation period will have expired .
by the time this letter is published , the faculty examination consultation period will have [finished/ended] .

Afghanis with expired visas or invalid papers are expelled to a country ‘ of their choice ’ ; many end up in Sudan , a place with conveniently permeable borders .
afghanis with [finished/ended] visas or invalid papers are expelled to a country ‘ of their choice ’ ; many end up in sudan , a place with conveniently permeable borders .

After working seven days a week for three years , the lease on the premises in London expired and Bill and Kath decided to take the really big gamble of buying their first factory on the Manor Trading Estate at South Benfleet , moving there in 1960 .
after working seven days a week for three years , the lease on the premises in london [finished/ended] and bill and kath decided to take the really big gamble of buying their first factory on the manor trading estate at south benfleet , moving there in 1960 .

Many of them found it easier to move on to the North American mainland after their indentures had expired .
many of them found it easier to move on to the north american mainland after their indentures had [finished/ended] .

The life expired boiler from No. 5 , ‘ Moel Siabod ’ is set up to test equipment and techniques which could prove to be the saviour of steam .
the life [finished/ended] boiler from no. 5 , ‘ moel siabod ’ is set up to test equipment and techniques which could prove to be the saviour of steam .

Life expired boiler of No. 5 which is being used for the oil firing tests on the Snowdon Mountain Railway .
life [finished/ended] boiler of no. 5 which is being used for the oil firing tests on the snowdon mountain railway .

Ten prisoners have reportedly been released and two others , whose sentences have not expired , have been transferred to an undisclosed place of detention .
ten prisoners have reportedly been released and two others , whose sentences have not [finished/ended] , have been transferred to an undisclosed place of detention .

The classification of land from a planning point of view was discussed earlier in this chapter , but the developer will need to establish not only that the site has a valid planning consent which has not expired , but also the conditions associated with the approval .
the classification of land from a planning point of view was discussed earlier in this chapter , but the developer will need to establish not only that the site has a valid planning consent which has not [finished/ended] , but also the conditions associated with the approval .

Outside Rosen 's office the rain had expired leaving a sheen on the streets .
outside rosen 's office the rain had [finished/ended] leaving a sheen on the streets .

where the specific period for which the company was incorporated has expired ;
where the specific period for which the company was incorporated has [finished/ended] ;

Hence if , when the lease of The Country Tearooms comes to an end , the tenant , Ms Prim , wishes to renew the tenancy and the landlord is unwilling to do so , Ms Prim may apply to the local county court for a new tenancy based upon the terms of the tenancy which has just expired .
hence if , when the lease of the country tearooms comes to an end , the tenant , ms prim , wishes to renew the tenancy and the landlord is unwilling to do so , ms prim may apply to the local county court for a new tenancy based upon the terms of the tenancy which has just [finished/ended] .

The court does not , however , have the power to create a more extensive lease than the original expired lease .
the court does not , however , have the power to create a more extensive lease than the original [finished/ended] lease .

Accordingly , at the time of the accident the deceased was a lawful visitor on the premises , since the brewery had not given the deceased any indication that the permission they had given him to be on the premises expired at 10.30 p.m .
accordingly , at the time of the accident the deceased was a lawful visitor on the premises , since the brewery had not given the deceased any indication that the permission they had given him to be on the premises [finished/ended] at 10.30 p.m .

Arthur and his driving licence expired last Thursday .
arthur and his driving licence [finished/ended] last thursday .

John and his driving licence expired last Thursday .
john and his driving licence [finished/ended] last thursday .

John 's driving licence expired last Thursday ; so did John .
john 's driving licence [finished/ended] last thursday ; so did john .

So did is an anaphoric verb phrase ; that is to say , its referential properties operate not directly , but indirectly , through a previously mentioned verb phrase , in this case expired last Thursday , which must be re-applied , this time with John as subject .
so did is an anaphoric verb phrase ; that is to say , its referential properties operate not directly , but indirectly , through a previously mentioned verb phrase , in this case [finished/ended] last thursday , which must be re-applied , this time with john as subject .

Perhaps it is not remarkable , after all , that no poet should have described this world to us before it expired , described it in language that would bring home to us what kind of world it actually was and how its inhabitants looked upon it , for it was above all a peasant world and the peasant was inarticulate .
perhaps it is not remarkable , after all , that no poet should have described this world to us before it [finished/ended] , described it in language that would bring home to us what kind of world it actually was and how its inhabitants looked upon it , for it was above all a peasant world and the peasant was inarticulate .

Between 1775 and 1800 , when their patent expired , 321 steam-engines were built .
between 1775 and 1800 , when their patent [finished/ended] , 321 steam-engines were built .

When it expired he handed it to Romany to prepare another .
when it [finished/ended] he handed it to romany to prepare another .

Either they had been obliged to renew such contracts , perhaps several times , and had thus come under pressure to give the workers concerned permanent status , or they had found themselves carrying workers whose fixed-term contracts had not yet expired , despite the fact that they were no longer needed .
either they had been obliged to renew such contracts , perhaps several times , and had thus come under pressure to give the workers concerned permanent status , or they had found themselves carrying workers whose fixed-term contracts had not yet [finished/ended] , despite the fact that they were no longer needed .

Any worker away from the nest for more than a day will find that its smell identification badge has expired , and it will be killed .
any worker away from the nest for more than a day will find that its smell identification badge has [finished/ended] , and it will be killed .

‘ Subject to the provisions of this Act , no action shall be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the expiration of one month from the date on which a bill of those costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ; but if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs — ( a ) is about to quit England and Wales , to become bankrupt or to compound with his creditors , or ( b ) is about to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment , the High Court may , notwithstanding that one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill , order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order that those costs be taxed .
‘ subject to the provisions of this act , no action shall be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the expiration of one month from the date on which a bill of those costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ; but if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs — ( a ) is about to quit england and wales , to become bankrupt or to compound with his creditors , or ( b ) is about to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment , the high court may , notwithstanding that one month has not [finished/ended] from the delivery of the bill , order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order that those costs be taxed .

One aspect of the case which is not explored in the judgment is the fact that the appellant was on parole when the offence was committed , although by the time he was sentenced it seems that his licence would either have been close to expiry or have expired already .
one aspect of the case which is not explored in the judgment is the fact that the appellant was on parole when the offence was committed , although by the time he was sentenced it seems that his licence would either have been close to expiry or have [finished/ended] already .

The 70 day time limit had expired , and the prosecutor sought an extension of time , which was refused .
the 70 day time limit had [finished/ended] , and the prosecutor sought an extension of time , which was refused .

Christopher had not renewed his invalidity claim , and it has just expired .
christopher had not renewed his invalidity claim , and it has just [finished/ended] .

The iron circle which was placed on his head was first raised to white heat , and the peasant leader expired to the taunts of ‘ Ave rex rusticorum ’ ( Živio seljački kralj ) .
the iron circle which was placed on his head was first raised to white heat , and the peasant leader [finished/ended] to the taunts of ‘ ave rex rusticorum ’ ( živio seljački kralj ) .

From time expired senior registrar who despairs of finding that elusive consultant job to the frustrations of the mature , would be medical student who comes up against the agist admissions policies of many British medical schools .
from time [finished/ended] senior registrar who despairs of finding that elusive consultant job to the frustrations of the mature , would be medical student who comes up against the agist admissions policies of many british medical schools .

Technological change may mean it is inappropriate to use results for which the ‘ sell by ’ date has expired — that is , the reflating of older values may be inaccurate .
technological change may mean it is inappropriate to use results for which the ‘ sell by ’ date has [finished/ended] — that is , the reflating of older values may be inaccurate .

The previous week , Virgin had requested immediate permission to go over the facility by some £200,000 , to meet short-term outgoings for the airline ( to pay , in fact , for the engine which had expired on the air-operator 's test flight ) .
the previous week , virgin had requested immediate permission to go over the facility by some £200,000 , to meet short-term outgoings for the airline ( to pay , in fact , for the engine which had [finished/ended] on the air-operator 's test flight ) .

The currency deal expired in July ; if the exchange rate remained the same , Virgin would be obliged to pay £6m , to make up the difference .
the currency deal [finished/ended] in july ; if the exchange rate remained the same , virgin would be obliged to pay £6m , to make up the difference .

The statutory power to recommend a minimum period might , in practice , have been used to create a tariff among the judges for all murders , so that the recommended minimum came to be regarded as the appropriate period of detention , subject only to the question whether the prisoner was a danger to the public when it expired .
the statutory power to recommend a minimum period might , in practice , have been used to create a tariff among the judges for all murders , so that the recommended minimum came to be regarded as the appropriate period of detention , subject only to the question whether the prisoner was a danger to the public when it [finished/ended] .

That notice expired according to its terms on 11 April .
that notice [finished/ended] according to its terms on 11 april .

That notice therefore expired on 11 April 1991 .
that notice therefore [finished/ended] on 11 april 1991 .

On an application to the court , the court may refuse discharge , An order for discharge must not be issued or gazetted until the time allowed for appealing has expired or , if an appeal is entered , until the appeal has been determined ( r 6.221 ) .
on an application to the court , the court may refuse discharge , an order for discharge must not be issued or gazetted until the time allowed for appealing has [finished/ended] or , if an appeal is entered , until the appeal has been determined ( r 6.221 ) .

( 4 ) On renewing a licence under this Part of this Act a licensing board may by order , to be served on the holder , direct that , within a time fixed by the order , such structural alterations shall be made in the premises comprising the canteen as the board thinks reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the canteen ; and if , when application for renewal of the licence is next made after the time fixed by the order has expired , it is not shown to the satisfaction of the licensing board that the order has been complied with , the licensing board may refuse to renew the licence .
( 4 ) on renewing a licence under this part of this act a licensing board may by order , to be served on the holder , direct that , within a time fixed by the order , such structural alterations shall be made in the premises comprising the canteen as the board thinks reasonably necessary to secure the proper conduct of the canteen ; and if , when application for renewal of the licence is next made after the time fixed by the order has [finished/ended] , it is not shown to the satisfaction of the licensing board that the order has been complied with , the licensing board may refuse to renew the licence .

Twelve years back that contract had expired and he had set up his own Company , but that venture had failed after only three years .
twelve years back that contract had [finished/ended] and he had set up his own company , but that venture had failed after only three years .

Put more accurately , conceptual doctrines thought to have expired often have a vitality which can surprise .
put more accurately , conceptual doctrines thought to have [finished/ended] often have a vitality which can surprise .

It may well be accepted that a person who is deported should have greater protection than one who is refused entry , or that a person whose permit has expired has a lesser interest than one whose permit is revoked .
it may well be accepted that a person who is deported should have greater protection than one who is refused entry , or that a person whose permit has [finished/ended] has a lesser interest than one whose permit is revoked .

She looked through the drawers of Bob 's desk , curious to explore even the most unconsidered corners of his life . She found a paper bag with two toffees in it ; a book on Burma with a page of Bob 's notes inside ; yellowing , dusty copy paper , crumpled carbons , expired typewriter ribbons ; a briar pipe , grey with age , left over perhaps from some previous occupant ; a dusty brown shoe with a hole in it ; three rusty razor-blades ; an ancient copy of Queen magazine ; a letter from herself …
she looked through the drawers of bob 's desk , curious to explore even the most unconsidered corners of his life . she found a paper bag with two toffees in it ; a book on burma with a page of bob 's notes inside ; yellowing , dusty copy paper , crumpled carbons , [finished/ended] typewriter ribbons ; a briar pipe , grey with age , left over perhaps from some previous occupant ; a dusty brown shoe with a hole in it ; three rusty razor-blades ; an ancient copy of queen magazine ; a letter from herself …

The ultimatum to the German Government expired at eleven o'clock and at eleven-fifteen Mr Chamberlain was to broadcast to the nation .
the ultimatum to the german government [finished/ended] at eleven o'clock and at eleven-fifteen mr chamberlain was to broadcast to the nation .

It was set up under Educational Support Grant funding in 1986 , but was financed by the City Council when the grant expired in April 1989 .
it was set up under educational support grant funding in 1986 , but was financed by the city council when the grant [finished/ended] in april 1989 .

Such blood , and the mud of Culloden , were the last Gaelic colours to fly over Scotland ; the clans looked straight into the mouths of Cumberland 's cannon and died , and with them expired a way of life — the Stewarts of Appin , and the Maclarens , and the Camerons , and the Atholl Brigade , and behind them Ogilvies , and behind them the prince himself .
such blood , and the mud of culloden , were the last gaelic colours to fly over scotland ; the clans looked straight into the mouths of cumberland 's cannon and died , and with them [finished/ended] a way of life — the stewarts of appin , and the maclarens , and the camerons , and the atholl brigade , and behind them ogilvies , and behind them the prince himself .

Referring to variations in the legislative environment , Grant and Wallace explain that , under the Canadian industrial relations system , strike may only legally occur after a compulsory waiting period has expired and a conciliation board has met to discuss the difference between workers and employers .
referring to variations in the legislative environment , grant and wallace explain that , under the canadian industrial relations system , strike may only legally occur after a compulsory waiting period has [finished/ended] and a conciliation board has met to discuss the difference between workers and employers .

When in 1961 an Anglo-Kuwaiti accord dating back to 1988 expired , Kuwait became independent .
when in 1961 an anglo-kuwaiti accord dating back to 1988 [finished/ended] , kuwait became independent .

that not less than two months notice has been given to the tenant stating that possession is required and that the Notice has expired .
that not less than two months notice has been given to the tenant stating that possession is required and that the notice has [finished/ended] .

If you live in the same house as your landlord and your share living accommodation , ( e.g. kitchen or bathroom ) then once a Notice to Quit has been served upon you and has expired your landlord has the legal right to order you to leave your accommodation .
if you live in the same house as your landlord and your share living accommodation , ( e.g. kitchen or bathroom ) then once a notice to quit has been served upon you and has [finished/ended] your landlord has the legal right to order you to leave your accommodation .

All had expired within the last eighteen months .
all had [finished/ended] within the last eighteen months .

By 1787 the Cornish Metal Company was virtually insolvent , due to gross business inefficiency , and Williams effectively took it over , controlling it until its articles of agreement expired in 1792 .
by 1787 the cornish metal company was virtually insolvent , due to gross business inefficiency , and williams effectively took it over , controlling it until its articles of agreement [finished/ended] in 1792 .

His contract expired , he moved to Lagonda in 1935 , dangerously returning to the precarious world of the fast car .
his contract [finished/ended] , he moved to lagonda in 1935 , dangerously returning to the precarious world of the fast car .

If depreciation is provided for in terms of replacement costs , this means that the business will set aside out of profits enough funds to replace its expired assets .
if depreciation is provided for in terms of replacement costs , this means that the business will set aside out of profits enough funds to replace its [finished/ended] assets .

March 26 , 1969 The limitation period expired without any amendment to the writ , and without Mr Ali issuing proceedings against either Mr Akram or Mrs Sugden , the actual drivers in the collision .
march 26 , 1969 the limitation period [finished/ended] without any amendment to the writ , and without mr ali issuing proceedings against either mr akram or mrs sugden , the actual drivers in the collision .

In those cases the European Court had actually held that a power to negotiate external arrangements could be derived form an internal power even where that internal power had not yet been exercised , and furthermore suggested that when the deadline for exercising the internal power had expired , the Community 's competence in the matter became exclusive even though no Community legislation had been enacted .
in those cases the european court had actually held that a power to negotiate external arrangements could be derived form an internal power even where that internal power had not yet been exercised , and furthermore suggested that when the deadline for exercising the internal power had [finished/ended] , the community 's competence in the matter became exclusive even though no community legislation had been enacted .

The European Court , in that and other cases , took the view that one the 1978 deadline had expired , only the Community had competence to enact new measures within the community , and correspondingly this gave rise to an exclusive power in the Community to negotiate international fisheries agreements .
the european court , in that and other cases , took the view that one the 1978 deadline had [finished/ended] , only the community had competence to enact new measures within the community , and correspondingly this gave rise to an exclusive power in the community to negotiate international fisheries agreements .

An erratic Lebanese with a wife and family in Beirut and a Dutch mistress in Nicosia , he wore jeans and cowboy boots and drove around at high speed in a Chevy 4 × 4 with expired Texas licence plates .
an erratic lebanese with a wife and family in beirut and a dutch mistress in nicosia , he wore jeans and cowboy boots and drove around at high speed in a chevy 4 × 4 with [finished/ended] texas licence plates .

The 99 year lease expired in November 1990 and various properties came under threat .
the 99 year lease [finished/ended] in november 1990 and various properties came under threat .

That the directors of the Company be generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with section 80 of the Companies Act 1985 to exercise all powers of the Company to allot relevant securities , as defined in that section up to a maximum nominal amount of £114,533,413 provided that this authority shall expire fifteen months from the date of this resolution , or , if earlier , at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company in 1994 , save that the Company may before such date make an offer or agreement which would or might require relevant securities to be allotted after such date and the directors may allot relevant securities in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority conferred hereby had not expired .
that the directors of the company be generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with section 80 of the companies act 1985 to exercise all powers of the company to allot relevant securities , as defined in that section up to a maximum nominal amount of £114,533,413 provided that this authority shall expire fifteen months from the date of this resolution , or , if earlier , at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the company in 1994 , save that the company may before such date make an offer or agreement which would or might require relevant securities to be allotted after such date and the directors may allot relevant securities in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if the authority conferred hereby had not [finished/ended] .

and shall expire fifteen months from the date of this resolution or , if earlier , at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting of the Company in 1994 , save that the Company may before such date make an offer or agreement which would or might require securities to be allotted after such date and the directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the power conferred hereby had not expired .
and shall expire fifteen months from the date of this resolution or , if earlier , at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the company in 1994 , save that the company may before such date make an offer or agreement which would or might require securities to be allotted after such date and the directors may allot equity securities in pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the power conferred hereby had not [finished/ended] .

5.12.2 Not without the consent in writing of the Landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be required in relation to applications in respect of the fascia or signage at the Premises ) to apply for planning permission The landlord will probably insist on the retention of clause 5.12.4 in order to avoid the problem of a limited planning permission being issued containing a reinstatement provision becoming effective after the lease term has expired .
5.12.2 not without the consent in writing of the landlord ( such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and which consent shall not be required in relation to applications in respect of the fascia or signage at the premises ) to apply for planning permission the landlord will probably insist on the retention of clause 5.12.4 in order to avoid the problem of a limited planning permission being issued containing a reinstatement provision becoming effective after the lease term has [finished/ended] .

In that case make a second search before the first has expired .
in that case make a second search before the first has [finished/ended] .

Apply before the first priority period has expired .
apply before the first priority period has [finished/ended] .

All interim orders come to an end on the disposal of the application if they have not otherwise expired .
all interim orders come to an end on the disposal of the application if they have not otherwise [finished/ended] .

If a person remains in ignorance of a publication until after the three year period has expired , he or she can start proceedings within a year of learning of it but the court 's permission is necessary .
if a person remains in ignorance of a publication until after the three year period has [finished/ended] , he or she can start proceedings within a year of learning of it but the court 's permission is necessary .

It is difficult to say whether or not a transfer of a house by the husband to the wife in , for instance , a `` clean break `` is `` less in money or money 's worth than the value in money or money 's worth of the consideration provided `` ( s339 ( 3 ) ( c ) ) so there is always a risk that a conveyance or transfer following the court order or agreement may be attacked by a husband 's trustee in bankruptcy and the wife can not be absolutely safe until the five year period has expired .
it is difficult to say whether or not a transfer of a house by the husband to the wife in , for instance , a `` clean break `` is `` less in money or money 's worth than the value in money or money 's worth of the consideration provided `` ( s339 ( 3 ) ( c ) ) so there is always a risk that a conveyance or transfer following the court order or agreement may be attacked by a husband 's trustee in bankruptcy and the wife can not be absolutely safe until the five year period has [finished/ended] .

If the Crown does not consider the particulars of claim give sufficient information as to the government department and officers concerned under Ord 42 , r 4 , it may , before the time for filing a defence has expired , file with the court two copies of a request for such information , one of which is sent to the plaintiff .
if the crown does not consider the particulars of claim give sufficient information as to the government department and officers concerned under ord 42 , r 4 , it may , before the time for filing a defence has [finished/ended] , file with the court two copies of a request for such information , one of which is sent to the plaintiff .

Should twelve months have expired from date of service , without judgment having been entered by the plaintiff on an admission , the action is struck out and can not be revived .
should twelve months have [finished/ended] from date of service , without judgment having been entered by the plaintiff on an admission , the action is struck out and can not be revived .

Such judgment or order if the final time limit has expired , may be enforced by committal by a judge ( Ord 29 , r 1 ( 1 ) ) — see Chapter 23 .
such judgment or order if the final time limit has [finished/ended] , may be enforced by committal by a judge ( ord 29 , r 1 ( 1 ) ) — see chapter 23 .

Where the court extends a period at a time when that period has expired and a warrant has been issued , the court is to suspend the warrant for the extended period ; if before the expiration of the extended period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all the rent arrears and all the costs , the court shall cancel the warrant ( s 138 ( 9 ) ) .
where the court extends a period at a time when that period has [finished/ended] and a warrant has been issued , the court is to suspend the warrant for the extended period ; if before the expiration of the extended period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all the rent arrears and all the costs , the court shall cancel the warrant ( s 138 ( 9 ) ) .

One of the nightmares of personal injury litigation is a defence blaming someone else who is not already a party , served after primary limitation has expired .
one of the nightmares of personal injury litigation is a defence blaming someone else who is not already a party , served after primary limitation has [finished/ended] .

Where a writ is served after its original period of validity has expired , even though its renewal period has not expired , the defendant may apply to set aside service and the order for renewal , which would of course have been made ex parte .
where a writ is served after its original period of validity has [finished/ended] , even though its renewal period has not [finished/ended] , the defendant may apply to set aside service and the order for renewal , which would of course have been made ex parte .

The time limit for an application for interim payment is any time after the plaintiff has served his writ and the time for acknowledgement of service has expired .
the time limit for an application for interim payment is any time after the plaintiff has served his writ and the time for acknowledgement of service has [finished/ended] .

Thus s27 of the Partnership Act states : ( 1 ) Where a partnership entered into for a fixed term is continued after the term has expired , and without any express new agreement , the rights and duties of the partners remain the same as they were at the expiration of the term , so far as is consistent with the incidents of a partnership at will .
thus s27 of the partnership act states : ( 1 ) where a partnership entered into for a fixed term is continued after the term has [finished/ended] , and without any express new agreement , the rights and duties of the partners remain the same as they were at the expiration of the term , so far as is consistent with the incidents of a partnership at will .

However , difficulties may arise if a strict time limit is set for the publication of the decision , and the decision is published after it has expired : it may suit one of the parties to refuse to accept it on that ground .
however , difficulties may arise if a strict time limit is set for the publication of the decision , and the decision is published after it has [finished/ended] : it may suit one of the parties to refuse to accept it on that ground .

This is very important if the lease has nearly expired .
this is very important if the lease has nearly [finished/ended] .

It is of greatest significance for persons employed under fixed-term contracts where the term has not expired at the time of the sale but the purchaser does not wish to take them on , and for employees with long notice periods such as three to six months .
it is of greatest significance for persons employed under fixed-term contracts where the term has not [finished/ended] at the time of the sale but the purchaser does not wish to take them on , and for employees with long notice periods such as three to six months .

But his enemies believed that the sickness was just another of his delaying tactics and so they renewed the war as soon as the truce expired .
but his enemies believed that the sickness was just another of his delaying tactics and so they renewed the war as soon as the truce [finished/ended] .

It is likely that the next session will be decisive and that a curator will then be elected on a temporary basis : the appointment to direct the Visual Arts sector for the 1992 and 1995 Biennales can not be confirmed until the Executive Committee , whose mandate has now expired , has itself been completely renewed .
it is likely that the next session will be decisive and that a curator will then be elected on a temporary basis : the appointment to direct the visual arts sector for the 1992 and 1995 biennales can not be confirmed until the executive committee , whose mandate has now [finished/ended] , has itself been completely renewed .

Nor is there any reason to think that claims based on private law rights will not sometimes hold up public programmes if they are allowed to be brought after the short time-limit in Order 53 ; or that claims based on public law rights will necessarily cause trouble if brought after that time limit has expired .
nor is there any reason to think that claims based on private law rights will not sometimes hold up public programmes if they are allowed to be brought after the short time-limit in order 53 ; or that claims based on public law rights will necessarily cause trouble if brought after that time limit has [finished/ended] .

Although the period of protection for copyright may be extended to a uniform period , the extension of the term would not renew or re-establish copyright in any works where copyright may have expired .
although the period of protection for copyright may be extended to a uniform period , the extension of the term would not renew or re-establish copyright in any works where copyright may have [finished/ended] .

When Watt 's master patent for his separate condenser expired in 1800 , he retired from active work .
when watt 's master patent for his separate condenser [finished/ended] in 1800 , he retired from active work .

Just before the section expired the patient would be readmitted , the detention order would be renewed , and the patient would again be given leave .
just before the section [finished/ended] the patient would be readmitted , the detention order would be renewed , and the patient would again be given leave .

After further talks , another mass meeting on 15 September ( the day the strike notices expired ) voted to ratify the agreement , which was finally signed on 24 September .
after further talks , another mass meeting on 15 september ( the day the strike notices [finished/ended] ) voted to ratify the agreement , which was finally signed on 24 september .

We bought a fridge for our caravan that developed a fault several months after the guarantee expired .
we bought a fridge for our caravan that developed a fault several months after the guarantee [finished/ended] .

If you can prove that the goods were defective when you bought them , you do have a claim against the seller and this is regardless of whether the guarantee has expired or not .
if you can prove that the goods were defective when you bought them , you do have a claim against the seller and this is regardless of whether the guarantee has [finished/ended] or not .

It is interesting to note , that while the connected individual may , once the stipulated six month period has expired , deal in the relevant shares ( notwithstanding the fact that the information still retains its unpublished price sensitive character ) , the tippee is prevented from dealing in those shares on the basis of the same information until the proscribed information has lost its unpublished price sensitive quality .
it is interesting to note , that while the connected individual may , once the stipulated six month period has [finished/ended] , deal in the relevant shares ( notwithstanding the fact that the information still retains its unpublished price sensitive character ) , the tippee is prevented from dealing in those shares on the basis of the same information until the proscribed information has lost its unpublished price sensitive quality .

The truce of 1319 expired in the summer of 1322 , and after the parliament at York had been dissolved Edward prepared a new invasion of Scotland .
the truce of 1319 [finished/ended] in the summer of 1322 , and after the parliament at york had been dissolved edward prepared a new invasion of scotland .

Under the terms of the truce and the modifications agreed to it on 27 June , the siege of Quimperlé would be lifted , Duke John would withdraw his army from Brittany , Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte would be handed over to papal mediators who would deliver it to the King of France when the truce expired , and the English would receive 40,000 francs in compensation .
under the terms of the truce and the modifications agreed to it on 27 june , the siege of quimperlé would be lifted , duke john would withdraw his army from brittany , saint-sauveur-le-vicomte would be handed over to papal mediators who would deliver it to the king of france when the truce [finished/ended] , and the english would receive 40,000 francs in compensation .

When the garage 's annual petrol licence expired at the end of January , officials refused to renew it .
when the garage 's annual petrol licence [finished/ended] at the end of january , officials refused to renew it .

You may at any time cancel this policy by giving us seven days notice in writing and returning to us your certificate of motor insurance.h Then we will calculate the charge for the expired portion of your insurance , using our short period rates , to the date we receive your certificate and refund any amount due to you .
you may at any time cancel this policy by giving us seven days notice in writing and returning to us your certificate of motor insurance.h then we will calculate the charge for the [finished/ended] portion of your insurance , using our short period rates , to the date we receive your certificate and refund any amount due to you .

Then we will calculate the charge for the expired portion of your insurance , using our short period rates and refund any amount due to you .
then we will calculate the charge for the [finished/ended] portion of your insurance , using our short period rates and refund any amount due to you .

The Corporation will then calculate the charge for the expired portion of insurance , using short period rates and refund any amount due to the Policyholder .
the corporation will then calculate the charge for the [finished/ended] portion of insurance , using short period rates and refund any amount due to the policyholder .

where a defendants conduct led the plaintiff to incur expenditure in the reasonable belief that the action was to proceed to trial regardless of the plaintiffs delay even where the limitation period had expired , the defendant was estopped from claiming that the action be struck out for want of prosecution on the grounds of the plaintiffs delay .
where a defendants conduct led the plaintiff to incur expenditure in the reasonable belief that the action was to proceed to trial regardless of the plaintiffs delay even where the limitation period had [finished/ended] , the defendant was estopped from claiming that the action be struck out for want of prosecution on the grounds of the plaintiffs delay .

At the end of the 2nd year all benefit payments would cease as the contract has expired .
at the end of the 2nd year all benefit payments would cease as the contract has [finished/ended] .

The 99 year lease expired in November 1990 and various properties came under threat .
the 99 year lease [finished/ended] in november 1990 and various properties came under threat .

The lease has now expired and a compulsory purchase order has been placed .
the lease has now [finished/ended] and a compulsory purchase order has been placed .

When Ottawa 's programme expired in April , pressure mounted on the provinces to provide assistance .
when ottawa 's programme [finished/ended] in april , pressure mounted on the provinces to provide assistance .

Answer guide : The answer should contain the idea of an expired or past benefit .
answer guide : the answer should contain the idea of an [finished/ended] or past benefit .

An expense has been defined as a past or expired benefit . In what way does depreciation differ from other expenses ?
an expense has been defined as a past or [finished/ended] benefit . in what way does depreciation differ from other expenses ?

But it was the tower 's potential usefulness to the French army in the rapidly advancing field of radio communications which saved it from almost certain demolition when its lease expired in 1909 .
but it was the tower 's potential usefulness to the french army in the rapidly advancing field of radio communications which saved it from almost certain demolition when its lease [finished/ended] in 1909 .

When the pre-independence Lancaster House agreement on the Constitution expired in April 1990 , the former bicameral parliament set up at independence in 1980 was replaced by a new single-chamber parliament , the House of Assembly , with 150 members ( 120 elective , 10 traditional chiefs , eight provincial governors appointed by the President and 12 other presidential appointees ) .
when the pre-independence lancaster house agreement on the constitution [finished/ended] in april 1990 , the former bicameral parliament set up at independence in 1980 was replaced by a new single-chamber parliament , the house of assembly , with 150 members ( 120 elective , 10 traditional chiefs , eight provincial governors appointed by the president and 12 other presidential appointees ) .

The term of the outgoing president , Khristos Sartzetakis , had expired on March 30 , but Karamanlis had refused to stand as the candidate of New Democracy earlier in the year .
the term of the outgoing president , khristos sartzetakis , had [finished/ended] on march 30 , but karamanlis had refused to stand as the candidate of new democracy earlier in the year .

In an unexpected announcement on July 18 , the Minister of Home Affairs , Moven Mahachi , said that the state of emergency , first imposed under the Ian Smith regime in 1965 [ see p. 21092 ] , would be allowed to lapse when it expired at midnight on July 25 .
in an unexpected announcement on july 18 , the minister of home affairs , moven mahachi , said that the state of emergency , first imposed under the ian smith regime in 1965 [ see p. 21092 ] , would be allowed to lapse when it [finished/ended] at midnight on july 25 .

Liberal Premier David Peterson had called the election two years before the current parliament 's term — constitutionally five years , although in practice normally four years — expired .
liberal premier david peterson had called the election two years before the current parliament 's term — constitutionally five years , although in practice normally four years — [finished/ended] .

For certain fixed term or fixed amount allowances or deductions , eg repayment of a loan , the system will automatically stop the allowance or deduction when the term or amount has expired .
for certain fixed term or fixed amount allowances or deductions , eg repayment of a loan , the system will automatically stop the allowance or deduction when the term or amount has [finished/ended] .

Her exalted moment of remembrance expired , she sighed in her relief and in her certainty of purpose .
her exalted moment of remembrance [finished/ended] , she sighed in her relief and in her certainty of purpose .

If those 10 years have expired , it is immaterial that the defendant continued — even is still continuing — to manufacture and supply identical products .
if those 10 years have [finished/ended] , it is immaterial that the defendant continued — even is still continuing — to manufacture and supply identical products .

‘ ( a ) where the goods have been sold without any stipulation as to credit ; ( b ) where the goods have been sold on credit , but the term of credit has expired ; ( c ) where the buyer becomes insolvent .
‘ ( a ) where the goods have been sold without any stipulation as to credit ; ( b ) where the goods have been sold on credit , but the term of credit has [finished/ended] ; ( c ) where the buyer becomes insolvent .

In such circumstances the seller is not entitled to refuse delivery unless the agreed period has already expired .
in such circumstances the seller is not entitled to refuse delivery unless the agreed period has already [finished/ended] .

Even if the value of that software has been recovered , there will be no willingness to replace it until its natural life has expired .
even if the value of that software has been recovered , there will be no willingness to replace it until its natural life has [finished/ended] .

In the event , however , the victorious half-hour expired and Siward of Northumbria was not even aware of it .
in the event , however , the victorious half-hour [finished/ended] and siward of northumbria was not even aware of it .

an old clock had expired
an old clock had [finished/ended]

The candle she carried gave one last flicker — and expired .
the candle she carried gave one last flicker — and [finished/ended] .

Isabel loved her great-grandmother 's garden , although she had never known that lady , who had expired bearing her lord a son , the present Baron 's father .
isabel loved her great-grandmother 's garden , although she had never known that lady , who had [finished/ended] bearing her lord a son , the present baron 's father .

She had to find something else before its feeble light expired .
she had to find something else before its feeble light [finished/ended] .

Indeed , it had expired almost on the short journey home .
indeed , it had [finished/ended] almost on the short journey home .

The oldest member of the convoy was a 1901 Thanomile trike which had to make the journey around site on a trailer because its engine had expired the previous day .
the oldest member of the convoy was a 1901 thanomile trike which had to make the journey around site on a trailer because its engine had [finished/ended] the previous day .

The land was leased by Edinburgh District Council from the Foulis Trust , but the 99-year lease expired in 1990 .
the land was leased by edinburgh district council from the foulis trust , but the 99-year lease [finished/ended] in 1990 .

On 4th September , four American Mariner flying boats landed , but the facility was seldom used and when the licence expired in 1959 , it was not renewed .
on 4th september , four american mariner flying boats landed , but the facility was seldom used and when the licence [finished/ended] in 1959 , it was not renewed .

Under the 1987 Philippines Constitution , once the existing bases agreement expired , `` foreign military bases , troops or facilities shall not be allowed in the Philippines except under a treaty duly concurred in by the Senate [ upper house of parliament ] … and recognized as a treaty by the other contracting state `` .
under the 1987 philippines constitution , once the existing bases agreement [finished/ended] , `` foreign military bases , troops or facilities shall not be allowed in the philippines except under a treaty duly concurred in by the senate [ upper house of parliament ] … and recognized as a treaty by the other contracting state `` .

Yugoslavia had been effectively without a President or a commander of the armed forces ( a role held by the Collective Presidency ) for several days as the term of his predecessor , Borisav Jovic ( a Serb ) , had expired on May 15 .
yugoslavia had been effectively without a president or a commander of the armed forces ( a role held by the collective presidency ) for several days as the term of his predecessor , borisav jovic ( a serb ) , had [finished/ended] on may 15 .

The programme replaced a `` programme for national recovery `` which had expired in December 1990 .
the programme replaced a `` programme for national recovery `` which had [finished/ended] in december 1990 .

As this deadline expired , Mandela told a mass rally in Johannesburg city hall that the government had failed to meet its obligations , and promised `` mass action `` to secure the release of remaining political detainees .
as this deadline [finished/ended] , mandela told a mass rally in johannesburg city hall that the government had failed to meet its obligations , and promised `` mass action `` to secure the release of remaining political detainees .

The special session had been called to discuss a far-reaching LDP-sponsored electoral reform package , the success of which was seen by many commentators to be crucial to Kaifu 's chances of retaining the party leadership ( and , therefore , the premiership ) when his current term expired in October 1991 .
the special session had been called to discuss a far-reaching ldp-sponsored electoral reform package , the success of which was seen by many commentators to be crucial to kaifu 's chances of retaining the party leadership ( and , therefore , the premiership ) when his current term [finished/ended] in october 1991 .

Unemployment in eastern Germany was 9.5 per cent in June ( 842,504 ) and over 1,900,000 were on `` short-time work `` [ see also p. 38109 ] ; in addition the eastern German engineering industry 's one-year ban on redundancies , affecting over 1,000,000 jobs , expired from July 1 [ see p. 37660 ] , while up to 400,000 former East German civil servants were also faced with unemployment .
unemployment in eastern germany was 9.5 per cent in june ( 842,504 ) and over 1,900,000 were on `` short-time work `` [ see also p. 38109 ] ; in addition the eastern german engineering industry 's one-year ban on redundancies , affecting over 1,000,000 jobs , [finished/ended] from july 1 [ see p. 37660 ] , while up to 400,000 former east german civil servants were also faced with unemployment .

The 90-day campaign for the May 11 presidential elections began officially on Feb. 7 when the deadline for the registration of candidates expired .
the 90-day campaign for the may 11 presidential elections began officially on feb. 7 when the deadline for the registration of candidates [finished/ended] .

The deadline for registration , which had been extended in January , expired on Feb. 29 .
the deadline for registration , which had been extended in january , [finished/ended] on feb. 29 .

Bulgaria and Germany signed a debt rescheduling agreement in Sofia on May 8 , under which Germany would allow a postponement of repayment of trade credits guaranteed by it , the deadlines for which had expired in March 1992 .
bulgaria and germany signed a debt rescheduling agreement in sofia on may 8 , under which germany would allow a postponement of repayment of trade credits guaranteed by it , the deadlines for which had [finished/ended] in march 1992 .

Hussein Kamil , had confirmed that his government had also authorized the departure of all Soviet experts , regardless of whether or not their contracts had expired .
hussein kamil , had confirmed that his government had also authorized the departure of all soviet experts , regardless of whether or not their contracts had [finished/ended] .

However , on Dec. 17 a spokesman at the Soviet embassy in Baghdad said that Iraq had refused exit visas to Soviet workers whose contracts had not yet expired .
however , on dec. 17 a spokesman at the soviet embassy in baghdad said that iraq had refused exit visas to soviet workers whose contracts had not yet [finished/ended] .

He stated that he would not stand for re-election as majority whip in the Senate , nor would he seek re-election to the Senate when his current term expired in 1992 .
he stated that he would not stand for re-election as majority whip in the senate , nor would he seek re-election to the senate when his current term [finished/ended] in 1992 .

During the talks the Philippine side continued to insist on taking over the bases when the current agreement expired in September 1991 .
during the talks the philippine side continued to insist on taking over the bases when the current agreement [finished/ended] in september 1991 .

His present term as central bank governor expired on July 24 , 1992 .
his present term as central bank governor [finished/ended] on july 24 , 1992 .

What this appeal is concerned with , however , is only the landlord 's obligation to repay once the lease has expired without breach of covenant , there being neither any obligation on the original landlord to pay over the amount of the deposit to an assignee of the reversion nor any obligation on the original tenant to assign to an assignee of the term his contractual right to receive back the amount of the deposit when and if the condition for its repayment is fulfilled …
what this appeal is concerned with , however , is only the landlord 's obligation to repay once the lease has [finished/ended] without breach of covenant , there being neither any obligation on the original landlord to pay over the amount of the deposit to an assignee of the reversion nor any obligation on the original tenant to assign to an assignee of the term his contractual right to receive back the amount of the deposit when and if the condition for its repayment is fulfilled …

( a ) a director or member of the body is or has been a director or member of a recognised body which has been the subject of an order or direction under paragraphs 18 or 21 of Schedule 2 to the Act or the recognition of which has been revoked under Rule 10 of these Rules or has expired under Rule 9 of these Rules ; or
( a ) a director or member of the body is or has been a director or member of a recognised body which has been the subject of an order or direction under paragraphs 18 or 21 of schedule 2 to the act or the recognition of which has been revoked under rule 10 of these rules or has [finished/ended] under rule 9 of these rules ; or

Now that the early patents have expired and much of the know-how lies in the public domain , it is essential that the considerable effort that goes into the design and development of new integrated circuits is protected .
now that the early patents have [finished/ended] and much of the know-how lies in the public domain , it is essential that the considerable effort that goes into the design and development of new integrated circuits is protected .

These rules mean that it might benefit the owner of a topography right for him to sit on that right until such a time as it can be exploited to its full potential as long as this is done a reasonable period before the 15 years have expired .
these rules mean that it might benefit the owner of a topography right for him to sit on that right until such a time as it can be exploited to its full potential as long as this is done a reasonable period before the 15 years have [finished/ended] .

No action shall be taken until the 28 days notice of appeal has expired .
no action shall be taken until the 28 days notice of appeal has [finished/ended] .

All night he had laboured in prayer and watching , then rising and sitting in his chair , as it were made new for the occasion , which had been placed before the chimney in his parlour , and in the midst of his chaplains , servants and officers who were praying for him , he expired as if sleeping , and without a groan yielded up his spirit most purely to his Creator . ``
all night he had laboured in prayer and watching , then rising and sitting in his chair , as it were made new for the occasion , which had been placed before the chimney in his parlour , and in the midst of his chaplains , servants and officers who were praying for him , he [finished/ended] as if sleeping , and without a groan yielded up his spirit most purely to his creator . ``

The bacteria reproduce every 20 minutes or so until the food source has expired and the smell gone .
the bacteria reproduce every 20 minutes or so until the food source has [finished/ended] and the smell gone .

down where the steps expired , tired of counting ,
down where the steps [finished/ended] , tired of counting ,

In December 1543 , parliament declared the treaty with England to have expired , renewed the Auld Alliance with France , recorded Beaton 's acceptance of the chancellorship , and renewed the laws against heresy .
in december 1543 , parliament declared the treaty with england to have [finished/ended] , renewed the auld alliance with france , recorded beaton 's acceptance of the chancellorship , and renewed the laws against heresy .

’ He gave a great sigh and if she had not known him better she might have thought , as he slumped forward , that he had expired on the spot .
’ he gave a great sigh and if she had not known him better she might have thought , as he slumped forward , that he had [finished/ended] on the spot .

The former is a tenancy made by the agreement of the parties on the terms that either may put an end to it at any moment at the shortest notice ; the latter arises where a tenant whose interest has expired continues in possession without the landlord either assenting or dissenting .
the former is a tenancy made by the agreement of the parties on the terms that either may put an end to it at any moment at the shortest notice ; the latter arises where a tenant whose interest has [finished/ended] continues in possession without the landlord either assenting or dissenting .

Last year the Americans did not bother to renegotiate access to Berbera when their lease expired .
last year the americans did not bother to renegotiate access to berbera when their lease [finished/ended] .

Last year , when the constitutional ban on forced purchase expired , Mr Mugabe promised to buy up half the remaining white farmland at prices he would set .
last year , when the constitutional ban on forced purchase [finished/ended] , mr mugabe promised to buy up half the remaining white farmland at prices he would set .

In fact , the article seems to conclude that the women 's movement is alive and well : it 's just the concept of feminism that 's expired .
in fact , the article seems to conclude that the women 's movement is alive and well : it 's just the concept of feminism that 's [finished/ended] .

Under a slightly overcast sky , but with a fair amount of ambient light and a touch of red to the west to show Where the sun had expired , the safety boats , their navigation lights brightly lit for the occasion , skittered about like playful sheepdogs before settling down to hold station in midstream .
under a slightly overcast sky , but with a fair amount of ambient light and a touch of red to the west to show where the sun had [finished/ended] , the safety boats , their navigation lights brightly lit for the occasion , skittered about like playful sheepdogs before settling down to hold station in midstream .

Cries of anguish were heard from the medical instructor , who was beginning to despair after seeing his practice resuscitation doll murdered by an overenthusiastic driver attempting to learn the principles of expired air resuscitation .
cries of anguish were heard from the medical instructor , who was beginning to despair after seeing his practice resuscitation doll murdered by an overenthusiastic driver attempting to learn the principles of [finished/ended] air resuscitation .

But he should not have played since 1 October , when temporary clearance from the English Basket Ball Association expired .
but he should not have played since 1 october , when temporary clearance from the english basket ball association [finished/ended] .

It fell ill , unknown to the family , and as it was mid-winter it crawled under a neighbour 's balcony to escape from the cold , where it expired .
it fell ill , unknown to the family , and as it was mid-winter it crawled under a neighbour 's balcony to escape from the cold , where it [finished/ended] .

As the application deadline for inclusion on the congress agenda expired in February , hopes for an early return to international track and field competition may be premature .
as the application deadline for inclusion on the congress agenda [finished/ended] in february , hopes for an early return to international track and field competition may be premature .

They sell everything from expired penicillin injections , pirated cassettes and old clothes to skin lightening creams — ‘ As Used by Top American Society ’ .
they sell everything from [finished/ended] penicillin injections , pirated cassettes and old clothes to skin lightening creams — ‘ as used by top american society ’ .

William Temple , while Archbishop of York , wrote in the York Quarterly , a journal which expired in the first year of the Second World War .
william temple , while archbishop of york , wrote in the york quarterly , a journal which [finished/ended] in the first year of the second world war .

Meanwhile , labour agreements covering 20,000 workers at Lockheed Aircraft have also expired .
meanwhile , labour agreements covering 20,000 workers at lockheed aircraft have also [finished/ended] .

Shah made a counter offer , which expired last night , with a £1m premium .
shah made a counter offer , which [finished/ended] last night , with a £1m premium .

John Watts proved not the most able of administrators and when his term expired , charge of the Garden passed to Samuel Doody , an Apothecary with a London practice , who collected all manner of natural history specimens and was a prolific writer on the sciences .
john watts proved not the most able of administrators and when his term [finished/ended] , charge of the garden passed to samuel doody , an apothecary with a london practice , who collected all manner of natural history specimens and was a prolific writer on the sciences .

As the original lease had expired , a new Committee was appointed to consider how best to make the garden viable .
as the original lease had [finished/ended] , a new committee was appointed to consider how best to make the garden viable .

The payment had originally been due on April 1 but the Toronto-based company had a grace period which expired on Thursday .
the payment had originally been due on april 1 but the toronto-based company had a grace period which [finished/ended] on thursday .

It closed only last Christmas , when the lease expired .
it closed only last christmas , when the lease [finished/ended] .

Now that the project funding has expired , the team have to charge to cover costs .
now that the project funding has [finished/ended] , the team have to charge to cover costs .

The authorities said that Mr Porras , who was deported on the grounds of having an expired visa and using falsified documents , had lived in Ecuador under an assumed name since 1987 and ran a Quito company trading in farm machinery , glassware and industrial security equipment .
the authorities said that mr porras , who was deported on the grounds of having an [finished/ended] visa and using falsified documents , had lived in ecuador under an assumed name since 1987 and ran a quito company trading in farm machinery , glassware and industrial security equipment .

Bob Ashby , the chairman , said that Bettinson 's contract had expired ‘ and we wanted the best man for the job … and that is Maurice .
bob ashby , the chairman , said that bettinson 's contract had [finished/ended] ‘ and we wanted the best man for the job … and that is maurice .

Bob Ashby , the chairman , said that Bettinson 's contract had expired ‘ and we wanted the best man for the job … and that is Maurice .
bob ashby , the chairman , said that bettinson 's contract had [finished/ended] ‘ and we wanted the best man for the job … and that is maurice .

Waves broke on the shore and eventually expired in a froth and myriad of bubbles .
waves broke on the shore and eventually [finished/ended] in a froth and myriad of bubbles .

Her grant had expired , and she was still some way off completing her PhD dissertation .
her grant had [finished/ended] , and she was still some way off completing her phd dissertation .

Parliament has now recognised that local authorities should be left to judge for themselves what local legislation is desirable , but in a tidying-up process all powers under local Acts in force on 1st April 1974 which were not preserved by subsequent general or local legislation automatically expired at the end of 1984 .
parliament has now recognised that local authorities should be left to judge for themselves what local legislation is desirable , but in a tidying-up process all powers under local acts in force on 1st april 1974 which were not preserved by subsequent general or local legislation automatically [finished/ended] at the end of 1984 .

The contrast in ensuring years between the success of the Company and the problem-ridden Corporation trams , made a take-over desirable when the 21-year lease on the street track expired .
the contrast in ensuring years between the success of the company and the problem-ridden corporation trams , made a take-over desirable when the 21-year lease on the street track [finished/ended] .

When the Company 's lease expired in 1892 , Lancaster 's services as manager were retained , thus giving him the distinction of being the first electric street tramway Manager , and upon his death the longest-serving .
when the company 's lease [finished/ended] in 1892 , lancaster 's services as manager were retained , thus giving him the distinction of being the first electric street tramway manager , and upon his death the longest-serving .

the minimum statutory notice period ( see Chapter 6 ) would have expired ; whichever is the later .
the minimum statutory notice period ( see chapter 6 ) would have [finished/ended] ; whichever is the later .

His employers offered to pay him in full until the 12-month period expired and the High Court granted them an injunction , preventing Mr Henderson from leaving prematurely .
his employers offered to pay him in full until the 12-month period [finished/ended] and the high court granted them an injunction , preventing mr henderson from leaving prematurely .

The expected contribution of expired Health Authority members to local management was not very clear .
the expected contribution of [finished/ended] health authority members to local management was not very clear .

as a means of avoiding constraints on capital spending ) , council property was sold on a long lease to another agency and then leased back for shorter periods until the long lease expired .
as a means of avoiding constraints on capital spending ) , council property was sold on a long lease to another agency and then leased back for shorter periods until the long lease [finished/ended] .

Pride held shut the gates of Famagusta until the fourteenth day after Epiphany had expired without bringing rescue .
pride held shut the gates of famagusta until the fourteenth day after epiphany had [finished/ended] without bringing rescue .

There has been much disagreement among palaeontologists whether this indicated hunting or scavenging , but Ruby told us that she and her kind stayed as far as possible away from these large animals , for the freshly expired bodies were invariably surrounded by hyenas and big cats .
there has been much disagreement among palaeontologists whether this indicated hunting or scavenging , but ruby told us that she and her kind stayed as far as possible away from these large animals , for the freshly [finished/ended] bodies were invariably surrounded by hyenas and big cats .

Models used to simulate resuscitation procedures are an invaluable aid , and enable the nurse to practice the skills of external cardiac massage and expired air ventilation ; but however complete the simulation of the emergency situation , the emotional effects of the real situation can not be taught .
models used to simulate resuscitation procedures are an invaluable aid , and enable the nurse to practice the skills of external cardiac massage and [finished/ended] air ventilation ; but however complete the simulation of the emergency situation , the emotional effects of the real situation can not be taught .

Among the many mercies vouchsafed to our land during the year now nearly expired have been respite from famine and pestilence and preservation from Civil War , while anarchy and bloodshed have prevailed over almost the whole of Europe .
among the many mercies vouchsafed to our land during the year now nearly [finished/ended] have been respite from famine and pestilence and preservation from civil war , while anarchy and bloodshed have prevailed over almost the whole of europe .

If Martin Luther had had to preach his new doctrine round the pulpits of Germany , the new movement would have expired along with his horse and his larynx .
if martin luther had had to preach his new doctrine round the pulpits of germany , the new movement would have [finished/ended] along with his horse and his larynx .

In time honoured tradition , the players returned well after the curfew time had expired .
in time honoured tradition , the players returned well after the curfew time had [finished/ended] .

Pedalos can be hired by the hour , but you should always allow yourself plenty of time to return to shore before your rental period has expired .
pedalos can be hired by the hour , but you should always allow yourself plenty of time to return to shore before your rental period has [finished/ended] .

EXPIRED APPROPRIATIONS ( ACCOUNTS ) - Appropriation accounts in which the balances are no longer available for incurring new obligations because the time available for incurring such obligations has expired .
[finished/ended] appropriations ( accounts ) - appropriation accounts in which the balances are no longer available for incurring new obligations because the time available for incurring such obligations has [finished/ended] .

REAPPROPRIATION -Enacted legislation that continues the availability of unexpended funds that expired or would otherwise expire .
reappropriation -enacted legislation that continues the availability of unexpended funds that [finished/ended] or would otherwise expire .

The fact that the four former programs expired over a year ago and the temporary authority expired 8 months previously seems to make a further delay of 60 days of small consequence .
the fact that the four former programs [finished/ended] over a year ago and the temporary authority [finished/ended] 8 months previously seems to make a further delay of 60 days of small consequence .

Certain permitting provisions unique to the Acid Rain Program are moved to Subpart 1 of Part B or , if expired , are deleted .
certain permitting provisions unique to the acid rain program are moved to subpart 1 of part b or , if [finished/ended] , are deleted .

See CIA , SEIB , `` Terrorist Groups Said Cooperating on US Hostage Plot , '' May 23 , 2001 ; FAA information circular , '' Possible Terrorist Threat Against American Citizens , '' IC-2001-08 , June 22 , 2001 ( this IC expired on August 22 , 2001 ) ; CIA , SEIB , '' Bin Ladin Network 's Plans Advancing , '' May 26 , 2001 ; NSC email , Clarke to Rice and Hadley , '' A day in the life of Terrorism intelligence , '' May 24 , 2001 .
see cia , seib , `` terrorist groups said cooperating on us hostage plot , '' may 23 , 2001 ; faa information circular , '' possible terrorist threat against american citizens , '' ic-2001-08 , june 22 , 2001 ( this ic [finished/ended] on august 22 , 2001 ) ; cia , seib , '' bin ladin network 's plans advancing , '' may 26 , 2001 ; nsc email , clarke to rice and hadley , '' a day in the life of terrorism intelligence , '' may 24 , 2001 .

The most recent three-year pound contract with the City expired on June 30 , 2000 .
the most recent three-year pound contract with the city [finished/ended] on june 30 , 2000 .

Works not covered by copyrights -- including ones with copyrights that have expired and those that never secured this protection -- are said to be in the `` public domain . ''
works not covered by copyrights -- including ones with copyrights that have [finished/ended] and those that never secured this protection -- are said to be in the `` public domain . ''

Since the independent counsel statute has expired , no one knows whether Starr can legally be replaced .
since the independent counsel statute has [finished/ended] , no one knows whether starr can legally be replaced .

The independent counsel statute expired .
the independent counsel statute [finished/ended] .

A reservist , who had begun vomiting early in the eight-mile hike , wandered off after the hike 's end , and expired of a `` heat illness . ''
a reservist , who had begun vomiting early in the eight-mile hike , wandered off after the hike 's end , and [finished/ended] of a `` heat illness . ''

When Elvis expired in 1977 , his current single was `` , '' which ended with those three low notes , `` Way on DOOOWN . ''
when elvis [finished/ended] in 1977 , his current single was `` , '' which ended with those three low notes , `` way on dooown . ''

This month , the tabs implicitly pose the question : Can love flourish again once the restraining order has expired ?
this month , the tabs implicitly pose the question : can love flourish again once the restraining order has [finished/ended] ?

Kenneth Starr 's decision to leave his post as independent counsel before his final report is complete raises a thorny issue : Do the three judges who sit on the panel that appointed him have the right to name a successor now that the prosecutor statute has expired ?
kenneth starr 's decision to leave his post as independent counsel before his final report is complete raises a thorny issue : do the three judges who sit on the panel that appointed him have the right to name a successor now that the prosecutor statute has [finished/ended] ?

USA Today goes with a federal commission 's proposal today of a dramatic exception to the U.S. criminal appeals process : permitting convicts to file appeals based on DNA evidence even if deadlines for appeals in general have already expired .
usa today goes with a federal commission 's proposal today of a dramatic exception to the u.s. criminal appeals process : permitting convicts to file appeals based on dna evidence even if deadlines for appeals in general have already [finished/ended] .

Though some predicted that her 15 minutes of fame had expired , Paula Jones ' decision to file an appeal sneaks in as Issue 3 .
though some predicted that her 15 minutes of fame had [finished/ended] , paula jones ' decision to file an appeal sneaks in as issue 3 .

There is a peculiar rumor circulating that Stanley Kubrick expired while clutching a fax from a top Warner Bros. executive congratulating him on his recently screened Eyes Wide Shut .
there is a peculiar rumor circulating that stanley kubrick [finished/ended] while clutching a fax from a top warner bros. executive congratulating him on his recently screened eyes wide shut .

Even after the neon patents expired in the '30s and the form boomed , signs stayed expensive .
even after the neon patents [finished/ended] in the '30s and the form boomed , signs stayed expensive .

It had cut deals with key telcos to have access to DSL customers , a deal with AT & T ( once its exclusive arrangement with Excite @ Home expired ) felt like a foregone conclusion , and again cutting a deal with Time Warner could not have been that hard a proposition .
it had cut deals with key telcos to have access to dsl customers , a deal with at & t ( once its exclusive arrangement with excite @ home [finished/ended] ) felt like a foregone conclusion , and again cutting a deal with time warner could not have been that hard a proposition .

The others expired at home , just infants , in their cribs , where Noe said she found them blue and either limp or gasping .
the others [finished/ended] at home , just infants , in their cribs , where noe said she found them blue and either limp or gasping .

As a countermeasure to all the taxes , many drivers whose tags expired after the November election are playing cat and mouse with the cops , hoping to postpone the purchase of new tags until January , when they can pay the $ 30 fee .
as a countermeasure to all the taxes , many drivers whose tags [finished/ended] after the november election are playing cat and mouse with the cops , hoping to postpone the purchase of new tags until january , when they can pay the $ 30 fee .

The Sunday papers placed the blame for the deadlock on Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic 's intransigent refusal to countenance a NATO-led force as peacekeepers , despite the fact that Kosovo Albanians were holding out for a referendum on independence once the three year interim period covered by the proposed settlement expired .
the sunday papers placed the blame for the deadlock on serbian president slobodan milosevic 's intransigent refusal to countenance a nato-led force as peacekeepers , despite the fact that kosovo albanians were holding out for a referendum on independence once the three year interim period covered by the proposed settlement [finished/ended] .

It 's hard not to get choked up when you read Busey 's promise to his estranged wife , `` I 'll be there when the restraining order has expired . ''
it 's hard not to get choked up when you read busey 's promise to his estranged wife , `` i 'll be there when the restraining order has [finished/ended] . ''

Instead of admitting to scandal fatigue and fear of exasperating the public , reporters and politicians observe that the `` statute of limitations '' on the rape charge has expired .
instead of admitting to scandal fatigue and fear of exasperating the public , reporters and politicians observe that the `` statute of limitations '' on the rape charge has [finished/ended] .

Rosen argues that even if Paula Jones is telling the truth -- and even if the statute of limitations on sexual harrassment had n't expired , leading her to sue on a more exotic theory -- the Clinton behavior she describes does not amount to sexual harrassment under the law .
rosen argues that even if paula jones is telling the truth -- and even if the statute of limitations on sexual harrassment had n't [finished/ended] , leading her to sue on a more exotic theory -- the clinton behavior she describes does not amount to sexual harrassment under the law .

There was only one problem : it was expired .
there was only one problem : it was [finished/ended] .

When the patent expired , new manufacturers simply used shredded wheat as a descriptive term .
when the patent [finished/ended] , new manufacturers simply used shredded wheat as a descriptive term .

