The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .
the authority of the secretary of the interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the [end] of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .

Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress .
upon the [end] of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by act of congress .

The books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project , or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the United States , whichever is later .
the books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project , or until the [end] of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the united states , whichever is later .

The former occurs via evaporation and expiration , and the latter through panting and sweating .
the former occurs via evaporation and [end] , and the latter through panting and sweating .

At the expiration of the time thus set aside , debate ends .
at the [end] of the time thus set aside , debate ends .

8.1 In the event that the Secretary of State shall reject the Proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed Party in the Project or if the Grant Offer Letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the Parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the Project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the Proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each Party shall be entitled to require each other Party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all Technical Information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the Proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other Parties or any of its Related companies .
8.1 in the event that the secretary of state shall reject the proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed party in the project or if the grant offer letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the [end] of such six month period the project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each party shall be entitled to require each other party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all technical information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other parties or any of its related companies .

Section 303 of the Companies Act 1985 provides that a company may by ordinary resolution remove a director before the expiration of his or her period of office and despite anything in the company 's articles or in any agreement between the company and the director .
section 303 of the companies act 1985 provides that a company may by ordinary resolution remove a director before the [end] of his or her period of office and despite anything in the company 's articles or in any agreement between the company and the director .

‘ Subject to the provisions of this Act , no action shall be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the expiration of one month from the date on which a bill of those costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ; but if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs — ( a ) is about to quit England and Wales , to become bankrupt or to compound with his creditors , or ( b ) is about to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment , the High Court may , notwithstanding that one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill , order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order that those costs be taxed .
‘ subject to the provisions of this act , no action shall be brought to recover any costs due to a solicitor before the [end] of one month from the date on which a bill of those costs is delivered in accordance with the requirements mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ; but if there is probable cause for believing that the party chargeable with the costs — ( a ) is about to quit england and wales , to become bankrupt or to compound with his creditors , or ( b ) is about to do any other act which would tend to prevent or delay the solicitor obtaining payment , the high court may , notwithstanding that one month has not expired from the delivery of the bill , order that the solicitor be at liberty to commence an action to recover his costs and may order that those costs be taxed .

The demand was premature , because it was made and served before the expiration of a month from the 31 July bill .
the demand was premature , because it was made and served before the [end] of a month from the 31 july bill .

So service of a demand may force the client to make an application to the court before the expiration of the intended one month breathing space .
so service of a demand may force the client to make an application to the court before the [end] of the intended one month breathing space .

’ Section 15 ( 1 ) enacts that ‘ notwithstanding anything in any other enactment , a claim under the Act shall not be entertained after the expiration of 30 years from the date of the occurrence which gives rise to the claim , or , where that occurrence was a continuing one , or was one of a succession of occurrences all attributable to a particular happening ’ on a particular site , the date of the last event in the course of that occurrence or succession of occurrences is the relevant one .
’ section 15 ( 1 ) enacts that ‘ notwithstanding anything in any other enactment , a claim under the act shall not be entertained after the [end] of 30 years from the date of the occurrence which gives rise to the claim , or , where that occurrence was a continuing one , or was one of a succession of occurrences all attributable to a particular happening ’ on a particular site , the date of the last event in the course of that occurrence or succession of occurrences is the relevant one .

‘ No action of damages where the damages claimed consist of or include damages … in respect of personal injuries to any person shall be brought in Scotland against any person unless it is commenced … before the expiration of three years from the date of the act , neglect or default giving rise to the action …
‘ no action of damages where the damages claimed consist of or include damages … in respect of personal injuries to any person shall be brought in scotland against any person unless it is commenced … before the [end] of three years from the date of the act , neglect or default giving rise to the action …

29 , r. 1 ( 5 ) in that the committal order was not served on Mr. Butler until well after the expiration of the 36 hour period therein prescribed .
29 , r. 1 ( 5 ) in that the committal order was not served on mr. butler until well after the [end] of the 36 hour period therein prescribed .

‘ The tenant here died after the date of the order for recovery of possession against him but before the expiration of the last of a series of extensions which had been made by way of postponement of the date on which the order was to be complied with .
‘ the tenant here died after the date of the order for recovery of possession against him but before the [end] of the last of a series of extensions which had been made by way of postponement of the date on which the order was to be complied with .

‘ ( 1 ) An action to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any enactment shall not be brought after the expiration of six years from the date on which the cause of action accrued .
‘ ( 1 ) an action to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any enactment shall not be brought after the [end] of six years from the date on which the cause of action accrued .

‘ 37(1) Any notice , demand or order against which an appeal might be brought to a county court under this Part of this Act shall , if no such appeal is brought , become operative on the expiration of 21 days from the date of the service of the notice , demand or order , and shall be final and conclusive as to any matters which could have been raised on such an appeal , and any such notice , demand or order against which an appeal is brought shall , if and so far as it is confirmed by a county court judge , or the Court of Appeal , become operative as from the date of the final determination of the appeal .
‘ 37(1) any notice , demand or order against which an appeal might be brought to a county court under this part of this act shall , if no such appeal is brought , become operative on the [end] of 21 days from the date of the service of the notice , demand or order , and shall be final and conclusive as to any matters which could have been raised on such an appeal , and any such notice , demand or order against which an appeal is brought shall , if and so far as it is confirmed by a county court judge , or the court of appeal , become operative as from the date of the final determination of the appeal .

‘ shall have effect as if it granted or provided for the grant of a tenancy for a term of 10 years , subject to a right exercisable either by the landlord or the tenant to determine the tenancy , if the war ends before the expiration of that term , by at least one month 's notice in writing given after the end of the war ; …
‘ shall have effect as if it granted or provided for the grant of a tenancy for a term of 10 years , subject to a right exercisable either by the landlord or the tenant to determine the tenancy , if the war ends before the [end] of that term , by at least one month 's notice in writing given after the end of the war ; …

… Now , in this case , it was agreed , that the defendant should quit at Candlemas ; and though the agreement is void as to the number of years for which the defendant was to hold , if the lessor chooses to determine the tenancy before the expiration of the seven years , he can only put an end to it at Candlemas .
… now , in this case , it was agreed , that the defendant should quit at candlemas ; and though the agreement is void as to the number of years for which the defendant was to hold , if the lessor chooses to determine the tenancy before the [end] of the seven years , he can only put an end to it at candlemas .

‘ save that it can be required by Matlodge [ the purchaser ] to give possession on not less than one quarter 's notice in writing upon Matlodge certifying that it is ready at the expiration of such notice forthwith to proceed with the development of the property and the neighbouring property involving , inter alia , the demolition of the property .
‘ save that it can be required by matlodge [ the purchaser ] to give possession on not less than one quarter 's notice in writing upon matlodge certifying that it is ready at the [end] of such notice forthwith to proceed with the development of the property and the neighbouring property involving , inter alia , the demolition of the property .

However , subject to the power of the court to extend the time under s 376 , no application to reverse or vary the decision of the trustee rejecting a proof will be entertained unless notice of the application is given before the expiration of twenty-one days from the date of service of the notice of rejection ( r 6.105 ) .
however , subject to the power of the court to extend the time under s 376 , no application to reverse or vary the decision of the trustee rejecting a proof will be entertained unless notice of the application is given before the [end] of twenty-one days from the date of service of the notice of rejection ( r 6.105 ) .

In the first place , The Exchange 's rules require that the authority to dispense with an offer of pre-emptive rights shall not last beyond the expiration of 15 months or until the next annual general meeting whichever occurs first .
in the first place , the exchange 's rules require that the authority to dispense with an offer of pre-emptive rights shall not last beyond the [end] of 15 months or until the next annual general meeting whichever occurs first .

‘ a condition contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the expiration of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’
‘ a condition contained in debentures … is not invalid by reason only that the debentures are thereby made irredeemable or redeemable only on the happening of a contingency ( however remote ) or on the [end] of a period ( however long ) any rule of equity to the contrary notwithstanding . ’

Notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the Lease nothing in this agreement shall release the Landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the Works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the Landlord by the Tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the Landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition
notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the lease nothing in this agreement shall release the landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the landlord by the tenant or its successors in title before the [end] of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition

6.5 Within [ 15 ] working days after service of such notice ( excluding the day of service ) the Lease shall be completed and time shall be of the essence of this provision Advisable though this clause may be , the problem is that the agreement is liable to be brought to an end at the expiration of the notice , which could have dire consequences for a tenant who has expended a considerable sum of money on the tenant 's works but is for some reason unable to complete .
6.5 within [ 15 ] working days after service of such notice ( excluding the day of service ) the lease shall be completed and time shall be of the essence of this provision advisable though this clause may be , the problem is that the agreement is liable to be brought to an end at the [end] of the notice , which could have dire consequences for a tenant who has expended a considerable sum of money on the tenant 's works but is for some reason unable to complete .

The writer is aware of an agreement for lease granted in 1965 purporting to grant a 21-year lease where the landlord was still not in a position to grant the lease by the expiration of the agreed term in 1986 .
the writer is aware of an agreement for lease granted in 1965 purporting to grant a 21-year lease where the landlord was still not in a position to grant the lease by the [end] of the agreed term in 1986 .

3.9 References to " the last year of the Term " include the last year of the Term if the Term shall determine otherwise than by effluxion of time and references to " the expiration of the Term " include such other determination of the Term
3.9 references to " the last year of the term " include the last year of the term if the term shall determine otherwise than by effluxion of time and references to " the [end] of the term " include such other determination of the term

5.4.2 To replace from time to time the Landlord 's fixtures and fittings in the Premises which may be or become beyond repair at any time during or at the expiration of the Term
5.4.2 to replace from time to time the landlord 's fixtures and fittings in the premises which may be or become beyond repair at any time during or at the [end] of the term

5.11.4 any steps taken in [ contemplation of or in ] [ direct ] connection with the preparation and service of a Schedule of dilapidations during or after the expiration of the Term The costs charged to the tenant should be qualified by the word `` reasonable `` .
5.11.4 any steps taken in [ contemplation of or in ] [ direct ] connection with the preparation and service of a schedule of dilapidations during or after the [end] of the term the costs charged to the tenant should be qualified by the word `` reasonable `` .

5.11.4 any steps taken in direct connection with the preparation and service of a Schedule of dilapidations during or after the expiration of the Term but if after the expiration of the Term only in respect of wants of repair occurring during the Term and where served within three months after the expiration of the Term
5.11.4 any steps taken in direct connection with the preparation and service of a schedule of dilapidations during or after the [end] of the term but if after the [end] of the term only in respect of wants of repair occurring during the term and where served within three months after the [end] of the term

5.17 Yield up At the expiration of the Term :
5.17 yield up at the [end] of the term :

7.5.2 When the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the Rent [ and Service Charge ] or a fair proportion of the Rent [ and Service Charge ] according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the Premises or the Retained Parts or the damaged parts of either of them shall have been rebuilt or reinstated so that the Premises or the affected part are made fit for occupation or use [ or until the expiration of [ 3 ] years from the destruction or damage whichever period is the shorter ] [ ( the amount of such proportion and the period during which the Rent [ and Service Charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined by the Surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) or ( any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the Rent [ and Service Charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the Arbitration Acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party ) ] This provision should always be amended to include reference not only to the premises but also to the building of which the premises form part in the event that the premises do not stand alone .
7.5.2 when the circumstances contemplated in clause 7.5.1 arise the rent [ and service charge ] or a fair proportion of the rent [ and service charge ] according to the nature and the extent of the damage sustained shall cease to be payable until the premises or the retained parts or the damaged parts of either of them shall have been rebuilt or reinstated so that the premises or the affected part are made fit for occupation or use [ or until the [end] of [ 3 ] years from the destruction or damage whichever period is the shorter ] [ ( the amount of such proportion and the period during which the rent [ and service charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined by the surveyor acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator ) or ( any dispute as to such proportion or the period during which the rent [ and service charge ] shall cease to be payable to be determined in accordance with the arbitration acts 1950 to 1979 by an arbitrator to be appointed by agreement between the parties or in default by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party ) ] this provision should always be amended to include reference not only to the premises but also to the building of which the premises form part in the event that the premises do not stand alone .

9.14 Compensation on vacating Any statutory right of the Tenant to claim compensation from the Landlord on vacating the Premises shall be excluded to the extent that the law allows Basically , the landlord can deny the tenant statutory compensation ( currently the rateable value of the premises ) if there has been a change of ownership during the last five years of the term prior to its expiration and the assignee is not a successor to the business of the assignor .
9.14 compensation on vacating any statutory right of the tenant to claim compensation from the landlord on vacating the premises shall be excluded to the extent that the law allows basically , the landlord can deny the tenant statutory compensation ( currently the rateable value of the premises ) if there has been a change of ownership during the last five years of the term prior to its [end] and the assignee is not a successor to the business of the assignor .

The effect of registering a caution against dealings is that no dealing will be registered without the cautioner 's consent until the expiration of a `` warning off `` notice ( 14 working days ) served on the cautioner by the Chief Land Registrar .
the effect of registering a caution against dealings is that no dealing will be registered without the cautioner 's consent until the [end] of a `` warning off `` notice ( 14 working days ) served on the cautioner by the chief land registrar .

Such a notice states that the planning permission lapses after the expiration of a specified period ( of not less than one year ) .
such a notice states that the planning permission lapses after the [end] of a specified period ( of not less than one year ) .

The committee proposed that a life should be placed on nonconforming uses and that at the expiration of that life the use should be brought to an end without compensation .
the committee proposed that a life should be placed on nonconforming uses and that at the [end] of that life the use should be brought to an end without compensation .

These applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the expiration of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the expiration of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .
these applications are not regarded as a mere formality by most courts which may require the originating application to state the grounds in proper detail , for example that the lessor may require to occupy at the [end] of the lease ; that the premises are temporarily surplus to the needs of the lessor ; that the lessee has indicated that he only requires the premises for a limited period ; that there is to be development at the [end] of the term ; that the lessor is only prepared to grant if the section is excluded ; that exclusion of the section has been taken into consideration in negotiations for the rent , or possibly that the premises form part of other premises which brings the provisions of management of the whole into question if the section is not excluded .

Where the court extends a period at a time when that period has expired and a warrant has been issued , the court is to suspend the warrant for the extended period ; if before the expiration of the extended period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all the rent arrears and all the costs , the court shall cancel the warrant ( s 138 ( 9 ) ) .
where the court extends a period at a time when that period has expired and a warrant has been issued , the court is to suspend the warrant for the extended period ; if before the [end] of the extended period the lessee pays into court ( sic ) all the rent arrears and all the costs , the court shall cancel the warrant ( s 138 ( 9 ) ) .

Thus s27 of the Partnership Act states : ( 1 ) Where a partnership entered into for a fixed term is continued after the term has expired , and without any express new agreement , the rights and duties of the partners remain the same as they were at the expiration of the term , so far as is consistent with the incidents of a partnership at will .
thus s27 of the partnership act states : ( 1 ) where a partnership entered into for a fixed term is continued after the term has expired , and without any express new agreement , the rights and duties of the partners remain the same as they were at the [end] of the term , so far as is consistent with the incidents of a partnership at will .

These principles do not prevent the parties from defining the expiration of the term by reference to a date before that of execution of the lease , or from making contractual provisions which take effect by reference to such a date , as by defining the period for the operation of a break-clause or an increase of rent .
these principles do not prevent the parties from defining the [end] of the term by reference to a date before that of execution of the lease , or from making contractual provisions which take effect by reference to such a date , as by defining the period for the operation of a break-clause or an increase of rent .

The statutes may provide that a separate category of shares may , after the expiration of a fixed term , become vested in a foundation or a non-profit making entity and separate rules apply to such shares if they are designed to benefit the employees of the company .
the statutes may provide that a separate category of shares may , after the [end] of a fixed term , become vested in a foundation or a non-profit making entity and separate rules apply to such shares if they are designed to benefit the employees of the company .

The Pope Must Die — Papal pandemonium as larger-than-life Robbie Coltrane heads for divine expiration .
the pope must die — papal pandemonium as larger-than-life robbie coltrane heads for divine [end] .

When a writ of summons or an equivalent document had to be transmitted abroad for the purpose of service , under the provisions of the present Convention , and a judgment has been entered against a defendant who has not appeared , the judge shall have the power to relieve the defendant from the effects of the expiration of the time for appeal from the judgment if the following conditions are fulfilled —
when a writ of summons or an equivalent document had to be transmitted abroad for the purpose of service , under the provisions of the present convention , and a judgment has been entered against a defendant who has not appeared , the judge shall have the power to relieve the defendant from the effects of the [end] of the time for appeal from the judgment if the following conditions are fulfilled —

Factors which suggest that the target 's competitive edge may not be sustainable ; for example , the expiration of patent protection .
factors which suggest that the target 's competitive edge may not be sustainable ; for example , the [end] of patent protection .

if he does not signify his approval or acceptance to the seller but retains the goods without giving notice of rejection , then if a time has been fixed for the return of the goods , on expiration of that time and , if no time has been fixed , on the expiration of a reasonable time . ’
if he does not signify his approval or acceptance to the seller but retains the goods without giving notice of rejection , then if a time has been fixed for the return of the goods , on [end] of that time and , if no time has been fixed , on the [end] of a reasonable time . ’

15 ( 1 ) No action shall be brought by any person to recover any land after the expiration of twelve years from the date on which the right of action accrued to him or , if it first accrued to some person through whom he claims , to that person .
15 ( 1 ) no action shall be brought by any person to recover any land after the [end] of twelve years from the date on which the right of action accrued to him or , if it first accrued to some person through whom he claims , to that person .

19 No action shall be brought , or distress made , to recover arrears of rent , or damages in respect of arrears of rent , after the expiration of six years from the date on which the arrears became due .
19 no action shall be brought , or distress made , to recover arrears of rent , or damages in respect of arrears of rent , after the [end] of six years from the date on which the arrears became due .

( 3 ) This section applies to a contract if — ( a ) the rent does not exceed the figure applicable in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) , and ( b ) the letting is not on such terms as to the tenant 's responsibility as are mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) … ( 5 ) This section does not apply where a house is let for a term of three years or more ( the lease not being determinable at the option of either party before the expiration of three years ) upon terms that the tenant puts the premises into a condition reasonably fit for human habitation .
( 3 ) this section applies to a contract if — ( a ) the rent does not exceed the figure applicable in accordance with subsection ( 4 ) , and ( b ) the letting is not on such terms as to the tenant 's responsibility as are mentioned in subsection ( 5 ) … ( 5 ) this section does not apply where a house is let for a term of three years or more ( the lease not being determinable at the option of either party before the [end] of three years ) upon terms that the tenant puts the premises into a condition reasonably fit for human habitation .

( 2 ) In determining whether a lease is one to which section 11 applies — ( b ) a lease which is determinable at the option of the lessor before the expiration of seven years from the commencement of the term shall be treated as a lease for a term of less than seven years , and ( c ) a lease ( other than a lease to which paragraph ( b ) applies ) shall not be treated as a lease for a term of less than seven years if it confers on the lessee an option for renewal for a term which , together with the original term , amounts to seven years or more .
( 2 ) in determining whether a lease is one to which section 11 applies — ( b ) a lease which is determinable at the option of the lessor before the [end] of seven years from the commencement of the term shall be treated as a lease for a term of less than seven years , and ( c ) a lease ( other than a lease to which paragraph ( b ) applies ) shall not be treated as a lease for a term of less than seven years if it confers on the lessee an option for renewal for a term which , together with the original term , amounts to seven years or more .

( 3 ) If — ( a ) the action does not cease under subsection ( 2 ) ; and ( b ) the court at the trial is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture , the court shall order possession of the land to be given to the lessor at the expiration of such period , not being less than 4 weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action .
( 3 ) if — ( a ) the action does not cease under subsection ( 2 ) ; and ( b ) the court at the trial is satisfied that the lessor is entitled to enforce the right of re-entry or forfeiture , the court shall order possession of the land to be given to the lessor at the [end] of such period , not being less than 4 weeks from the date of the order , as the court thinks fit , unless within that period the lessee pays into court all the rent in arrear and the costs of the action .

( 3 ) After the expiration of that period those shares which are declined or deemed to be declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the persons who have within the said period accepted all the shares offered to them .
( 3 ) after the [end] of that period those shares which are declined or deemed to be declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the persons who have within the said period accepted all the shares offered to them .

( 10 ) In any case where under the provisions of this Article the Directors may require a Transfer Notice to be given in respect of any Shares , if a Transfer Notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a Transfer Notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such Shares at the expiration of the said period .
( 10 ) in any case where under the provisions of this article the directors may require a transfer notice to be given in respect of any shares , if a transfer notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a transfer notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such shares at the [end] of the said period .

( 3 ) After the expiration of that period those shares which are declined or deemed to be declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the persons who have within the said period accepted all the shares offered to them .
( 3 ) after the [end] of that period those shares which are declined or deemed to be declined shall be offered in the proportion aforesaid to the persons who have within the said period accepted all the shares offered to them .

( 10 ) In any case where under the provisions of this Article the Directors may require a Transfer Notice to be given in respect of any Shares , if a Transfer Notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a Transfer Notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such Shares at the expiration of the said period .
( 10 ) in any case where under the provisions of this article the directors may require a transfer notice to be given in respect of any shares , if a transfer notice is not duly given within a period of two weeks of demand being made , a transfer notice shall be deemed to have been given in respect of such shares at the [end] of the said period .

The patient was asked to breathe deeply at a rate of six breaths/minute , the inspiration lasting for four seconds , the expiration for six seconds .
the patient was asked to breathe deeply at a rate of six breaths/minute , the inspiration lasting for four seconds , the [end] for six seconds .

Where the fraud is perpetrated by an operated transsexual , the innocent party will have the same remedy until the expiration of three years .
where the fraud is perpetrated by an operated transsexual , the innocent party will have the same remedy until the [end] of three years .

If this declaration is not made within two months of the day of election and delivered to the chief executive or clerk of the council within that two months then the office at the expiration of the two months automatically becomes vacant and the local authority must declare the office vacant and signify the vacancy by notice signed by the proper officer of the authority and affixed to the offices of the authority .
if this declaration is not made within two months of the day of election and delivered to the chief executive or clerk of the council within that two months then the office at the [end] of the two months automatically becomes vacant and the local authority must declare the office vacant and signify the vacancy by notice signed by the proper officer of the authority and affixed to the offices of the authority .

Cough worse ( < ) expiration .
cough worse ( < ) [end] .

Regarding employees that either retire or leave the agency prior the expiration of the retention period , the designs called for an employee checkout procedure whereby clearance from their travel unit ( as well as other units within the agency ) is required prior to receiving their last salary payment .
regarding employees that either retire or leave the agency prior the [end] of the retention period , the designs called for an employee checkout procedure whereby clearance from their travel unit ( as well as other units within the agency ) is required prior to receiving their last salary payment .

The Departments have requested emergency review of the collections because the collection of the information is needed before the expiration of the normal time limits of the act to assure guaranteeing availability of individual health insurance coverage to certain individuals with prior group coverage .
the departments have requested emergency review of the collections because the collection of the information is needed before the [end] of the normal time limits of the act to assure guaranteeing availability of individual health insurance coverage to certain individuals with prior group coverage .

Finally , it stated that the expiration on April 4 , 1996 , of the four former conservation programs and the end of the 180-day authority to administer an interim conservation program on October 4 , 1996 , mean there is no program to provide technical , financial , and educational assistance to farmers and ranchers .
finally , it stated that the [end] on april 4 , 1996 , of the four former conservation programs and the end of the 180-day authority to administer an interim conservation program on october 4 , 1996 , mean there is no program to provide technical , financial , and educational assistance to farmers and ranchers .

GAO reserves the right to release any product that has been issued to the congressional requester but is under restriction if the product 's contents are made public prior to the expiration of the restriction date .
gao reserves the right to release any product that has been issued to the congressional requester but is under restriction if the product 's contents are made public prior to the [end] of the restriction date .

HHS has requested emergency review of the collections because the collection of the information is needed before the expiration of the normal time limits of the act to assure guaranteeing availability of individual health insurance coverage to certain individuals with prior group coverage .
hhs has requested emergency review of the collections because the collection of the information is needed before the [end] of the normal time limits of the act to assure guaranteeing availability of individual health insurance coverage to certain individuals with prior group coverage .

This could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.25 As the Congress moves to modify the federal budget process with the expiration of the Budget Enforcement Act , attention is warranted as to how the process considers the long-term implications of alternative spending choices .
this could promote the consideration of spending intended to benefit the economy over the long term while maintaining overall fiscal discipline.25 as the congress moves to modify the federal budget process with the [end] of the budget enforcement act , attention is warranted as to how the process considers the long-term implications of alternative spending choices .

For the expiration of the FAA security directive , see FAA security directive , SD 108-95 ; FAA record , '' SD/EA Status : 108 Security Directives , '' May 20 , 2002 .
for the [end] of the faa security directive , see faa security directive , sd 108-95 ; faa record , '' sd/ea status : 108 security directives , '' may 20 , 2002 .

Like Atta , Shehhi , and Jarrah , Essabar obtained a new passport even though his old one was nearly a year from expiration , evidently to conceal his prior travel to Afghanistan during the first half of 2000 .
like atta , shehhi , and jarrah , essabar obtained a new passport even though his old one was nearly a year from [end] , evidently to conceal his prior travel to afghanistan during the first half of 2000 .

Another 500,000 or more enter illegally without inspection across America 's thousands of miles of land borders or remain in the country past the expiration of their permitted stay .
another 500,000 or more enter illegally without inspection across america 's thousands of miles of land borders or remain in the country past the [end] of their permitted stay .

Failure to detect a poison could result in near-instant expiration .
failure to detect a poison could result in near-instant [end] .

In a 12-man unit , about every four months we lost a person ( due to enlistment expiration ) and gained a person .
in a 12-man unit , about every four months we lost a person ( due to enlistment [end] ) and gained a person .

With only five of the 13 appropriations bills approved , Congress was forced to extend the temporary spending measure that is keeping the government open beyond its Thursday expiration .
with only five of the 13 appropriations bills approved , congress was forced to extend the temporary spending measure that is keeping the government open beyond its thursday [end] .

She quotes Gore staffers who recounted that in a recent meeting Klain said he was `` like a milk carton , and milk cartons have an expiration date . ''
she quotes gore staffers who recounted that in a recent meeting klain said he was `` like a milk carton , and milk cartons have an [end] date . ''

The most famous examples -- Megan 's Law ( federal : requires notifying a neighborhood of the presence of a convicted sex offender ) , the Jimmy Ryce Act ( Florida ) and Stephanie 's Law ( Kansas : both provide for the commitment to a mental hospital of dangerous repeat sex offenders after the expiration of their prison terms ) -- are but the tip of a legislative iceberg that , the Post reports , currently consists of at least 50 such laws added to the books in the past 18 months .
the most famous examples -- megan 's law ( federal : requires notifying a neighborhood of the presence of a convicted sex offender ) , the jimmy ryce act ( florida ) and stephanie 's law ( kansas : both provide for the commitment to a mental hospital of dangerous repeat sex offenders after the [end] of their prison terms ) -- are but the tip of a legislative iceberg that , the post reports , currently consists of at least 50 such laws added to the books in the past 18 months .

