Miss Stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish , almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment .
miss stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish , almost an icy shriek threatening to [blow up] at any moment .

I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima .
i have calculated that if i could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , i would [blow up] with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on hiroshima .

Where it is not actually erupting , it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano , ready to explode at any moment .
where it is not actually erupting , it rumbles and smolders in sullen resentment like a volcano , ready to [blow up] at any moment .

They set bouncing betties to jump and explode at testicle level while we more mercifully had them go off at the head .
they set bouncing betties to jump and [blow up] at testicle level while we more mercifully had them go off at the head .

Beyond the stockade rifles began to explode as some of the guerrillas fired at shadows that they imagined were Apaches .
beyond the stockade rifles began to [blow up] as some of the guerrillas fired at shadows that they imagined were apaches .

`` That tub is going to explode all at once '' .
`` that tub is going to [blow up] all at once '' .

He says that some mines are picked up by children , they explode when the children play with them , causing terrible injuries .
he says that some mines are picked up by children , they [blow up] when the children play with them , causing terrible injuries .

It 's makers , Smithkline Beecham told them the 2 litre bottle was from a faulty batch and to empty it carefully as it could explode .
it 's makers , smithkline beecham told them the 2 litre bottle was from a faulty batch and to empty it carefully as it could [blow up] .

The politics of disability explode onto the Festival scene as performers from London based Stream Records are joined by local artists in an evening of musical entertainment and protest .
the politics of disability [blow up] onto the festival scene as performers from london based stream records are joined by local artists in an evening of musical entertainment and protest .

Did you see that explode all this phlegm .
did you see that [blow up] all this phlegm .

and when that hits whatever it hit that 's gon na explode and that 's gon na send .
and when that hits whatever it hit that 's gon na [blow up] and that 's gon na send .

Eventually the glass will explode from internal pressure , it will leave a burning ragged hole and you get a nice fire ball .
eventually the glass will [blow up] from internal pressure , it will leave a burning ragged hole and you get a nice fire ball .

You can do that at home you know . With sudden house comings or something you can really get to be very sober and you would love to explode huh ?
you can do that at home you know . with sudden house comings or something you can really get to be very sober and you would love to [blow up] huh ?

It will eventually , yes , well the sun will erupt , not , not , not this , the sun will , the sun will , the sun will burn its bloody self out or explode or , or do , or do something , and this galaxy will go and probably , what about all the other galaxies in the bloody universe , you know , and , how , how , how , how , how , how , how 's get , how 's , how 's , how 's can you even think about it , you know , it 's millions and millions and millions of bloody light years away , what the bloody hell .
it will eventually , yes , well the sun will erupt , not , not , not this , the sun will , the sun will , the sun will burn its bloody self out or [blow up] or , or do , or do something , and this galaxy will go and probably , what about all the other galaxies in the bloody universe , you know , and , how , how , how , how , how , how , how 's get , how 's , how 's , how 's can you even think about it , you know , it 's millions and millions and millions of bloody light years away , what the bloody hell .

However , it is thought that that can cause imperfections in the glass which sometimes cause it to explode without warning .
however , it is thought that that can cause imperfections in the glass which sometimes cause it to [blow up] without warning .

‘ He held the grenade in his hand and said all he had to do was open his hand and it would explode .
‘ he held the grenade in his hand and said all he had to do was open his hand and it would [blow up] .

About 15 of the canisters , which explode when they dry out , have been discovered on the coast at Mull of Kintyre and more than 50 were found on the Isle of Man , where five have spontaneously ignited .
about 15 of the canisters , which [blow up] when they dry out , have been discovered on the coast at mull of kintyre and more than 50 were found on the isle of man , where five have spontaneously ignited .

‘ It is creating a pressure cooker situation which will explode , ’ said the council 's director Claude Moraes .
‘ it is creating a pressure cooker situation which will [blow up] , ’ said the council 's director claude moraes .

Somehow you can put up with and even smile at a stranger or workmate 's silly antics and daft behaviour , but when someone close to you starts rubbing you up the wrong way you 'll explode .
somehow you can put up with and even smile at a stranger or workmate 's silly antics and daft behaviour , but when someone close to you starts rubbing you up the wrong way you 'll [blow up] .

And Allen — well , after the way the Raiders treated him , he will be ready to explode for his new team .
and allen — well , after the way the raiders treated him , he will be ready to [blow up] for his new team .

Both incendiary devices in padded brown envelopes were opened but did not explode .
both incendiary devices in padded brown envelopes were opened but did not [blow up] .

Only three of the devices found did not explode .
only three of the devices found did not [blow up] .

Ian Wardle , of the help agency Lifeline , has seen the drug explode onto the Manchester rave scene and now it is known to have reached Scotland and Humberside .
ian wardle , of the help agency lifeline , has seen the drug [blow up] onto the manchester rave scene and now it is known to have reached scotland and humberside .

Five bombs explode in London
five bombs [blow up] in london

Ready to explode
ready to [blow up]

And Allen — well , after the way the Raiders treated him , he will be ready to explode for his new team .
and allen — well , after the way the raiders treated him , he will be ready to [blow up] for his new team .

Do you think it 's possible the Iraqis here living in this country could have some of these nerve gases that they could explode if the situation in Iraq gets very bad ?
do you think it 's possible the iraqis here living in this country could have some of these nerve gases that they could [blow up] if the situation in iraq gets very bad ?

The national situation is very tense with these flights ; if they keep putting kindling under the pot , it might explode .
the national situation is very tense with these flights ; if they keep putting kindling under the pot , it might [blow up] .

And he has been warned that Labour will ‘ explode ’ if invalidity benefits are hit by Chancellor Norman Lamont 's autumn statement on Thursday .
and he has been warned that labour will ‘ [blow up] ’ if invalidity benefits are hit by chancellor norman lamont 's autumn statement on thursday .

‘ We are getting to the stage where the club v country conflict will explode . It seems only a matter of time before there is a major collision ’
‘ we are getting to the stage where the club v country conflict will [blow up] . it seems only a matter of time before there is a major collision ’

Now a quite unexpected calamity overtook the French ; the Bois Bourrus gunners rained down a murderous hail on the advancing Germans but in the soft swampy ground bordering the Meuse many of the shell fuses failed to explode .
now a quite unexpected calamity overtook the french ; the bois bourrus gunners rained down a murderous hail on the advancing germans but in the soft swampy ground bordering the meuse many of the shell fuses failed to [blow up] .

Did it explode or ?
did it [blow up] or ?

This series sets out to explode the myth that some are impossible to keep .
this series sets out to [blow up] the myth that some are impossible to keep .

The most brightly coloured parts of the sea slug , which therefore attract most attention , are the papillae — hair-like structures which grow from their backs and which have arranged on their surfaces groups of stinging cells known as nettle-cells or nematocysts , which explode at the slightest touch , discharging a barbed , whip-like structure .
the most brightly coloured parts of the sea slug , which therefore attract most attention , are the papillae — hair-like structures which grow from their backs and which have arranged on their surfaces groups of stinging cells known as nettle-cells or nematocysts , which [blow up] at the slightest touch , discharging a barbed , whip-like structure .

The now well-honed Mould character traits are everywhere : his underlying cynicism , the ongoing mistrust of people and the bits where his head sounds like it 's about to explode .
the now well-honed mould character traits are everywhere : his underlying cynicism , the ongoing mistrust of people and the bits where his head sounds like it 's about to [blow up] .

In this room there was an enormous human bomb in front of them which was liable to explode and blow someone to bits any moment .
in this room there was an enormous human bomb in front of them which was liable to [blow up] and blow someone to bits any moment .

Matilda felt herself getting angrier … and angrier … and angrier … so unbearably angry that something was bound to explode inside her very soon .
matilda felt herself getting angrier … and angrier … and angrier … so unbearably angry that something was bound to [blow up] inside her very soon .

Brian primed to explode on England scene
brian primed to [blow up] on england scene

An Essex fire service spokesman said : ‘ Our men had to fight the blaze from behind a mud bank for fear the tanks might explode .
an essex fire service spokesman said : ‘ our men had to fight the blaze from behind a mud bank for fear the tanks might [blow up] .

His idea was for a giant terror bomb to explode accidentally .
his idea was for a giant terror bomb to [blow up] accidentally .

Police believe the bomb did not fully explode .
police believe the bomb did not fully [blow up] .

Once locked on to a heartbeat pattern , they would whizz around like fireflies until they found the precise biosignal that would allow them to explode .
once locked on to a heartbeat pattern , they would whizz around like fireflies until they found the precise biosignal that would allow them to [blow up] .

It is time to identify and explode the powerful myth of critical doubt and dispel the clouds of defeatism which it lowers on Christian faith .
it is time to identify and [blow up] the powerful myth of critical doubt and dispel the clouds of defeatism which it lowers on christian faith .

‘ With Mr Hawkins ! ’ Sally burst into such a fit of giggling , Jess thought she 'd explode from the tight lacings of her bodice . ‘ He 's past it , Mrs Salt ! ’
‘ with mr hawkins ! ’ sally burst into such a fit of giggling , jess thought she 'd [blow up] from the tight lacings of her bodice . ‘ he 's past it , mrs salt ! ’

At this Changez started to explode from the centre of his vast stomach .
at this changez started to [blow up] from the centre of his vast stomach .

Weaknesses in the casting methods can leave minute cracks or other deficiencies which cause them to explode when fired .
weaknesses in the casting methods can leave minute cracks or other deficiencies which cause them to [blow up] when fired .

Gunpowder can fail to ignite or explode prematurely .
gunpowder can fail to ignite or [blow up] prematurely .

If you roll a misfire when you roll the first dice the cannon has literally misfired and may explode .
if you roll a misfire when you roll the first dice the cannon has literally misfired and may [blow up] .

The pressure of steam is controlled in a rather haphazard way by bleeding off excess pressure so that the build up of steam does not cause the boiler to explode .
the pressure of steam is controlled in a rather haphazard way by bleeding off excess pressure so that the build up of steam does not cause the boiler to [blow up] .

Beyond , a heat haze shimmered above the fields which sloped upwards to a wood which seemed about to explode in midgy darkness .
beyond , a heat haze shimmered above the fields which sloped upwards to a wood which seemed about to [blow up] in midgy darkness .

The Sun claims that the Stonebridge council estate in north London ‘ is Britain 's tinderbox where Los Angeles-style riots could explode at any time ’ .
the sun claims that the stonebridge council estate in north london ‘ is britain 's tinderbox where los angeles-style riots could [blow up] at any time ’ .

Which feelings do you habitually suppress , or deny having at all ? Consider how you handle each of the following emotions . Do you express them openly and honestly — at least to yourself ? Or stuff them down ? Or sit on them until you explode ? Or completely block them from awareness ? Do you handle these emotions better in some situations than in others ? Which feelings do you have most difficulty with ? Which feel most painful or scary ? Which situations tend to arouse these emotions in you ? What are your beliefs about these emotions ?
which feelings do you habitually suppress , or deny having at all ? consider how you handle each of the following emotions . do you express them openly and honestly — at least to yourself ? or stuff them down ? or sit on them until you [blow up] ? or completely block them from awareness ? do you handle these emotions better in some situations than in others ? which feelings do you have most difficulty with ? which feel most painful or scary ? which situations tend to arouse these emotions in you ? what are your beliefs about these emotions ?

Somehow it does n't seem right to count your calories during the week and then suddenly explode into an orgy of indiscriminate gorging when guests come and you are supposed to be the one in control .
somehow it does n't seem right to count your calories during the week and then suddenly [blow up] into an orgy of indiscriminate gorging when guests come and you are supposed to be the one in control .

There has always been a self-proclaimed tendency to look behind the scenes , to see where power really lies , to explore and explode the myths surrounding a society 's image of itself and its political system .
there has always been a self-proclaimed tendency to look behind the scenes , to see where power really lies , to explore and [blow up] the myths surrounding a society 's image of itself and its political system .

Heads will explode but do n't worry about Goblin Shamans as they are cheap .
heads will [blow up] but do n't worry about goblin shamans as they are cheap .

Normally loving and full of fun , Peter can explode with passionate anger at James and Mary , their fourteen-year-old twins .
normally loving and full of fun , peter can [blow up] with passionate anger at james and mary , their fourteen-year-old twins .

He 's not saying we should explode on the slightest provocation .
he 's not saying we should [blow up] on the slightest provocation .

They irritate , inflame and sometimes explode with pained and affronted venom .
they irritate , inflame and sometimes [blow up] with pained and affronted venom .

At the bottom flight she walked more demurely , but when she came in sight of the lobby she stopped , watching as Lin Foh was addressed by the man she recognised from the car that had earlier pursued Latowa , and caused it to explode .
at the bottom flight she walked more demurely , but when she came in sight of the lobby she stopped , watching as lin foh was addressed by the man she recognised from the car that had earlier pursued latowa , and caused it to [blow up] .

If the ‘ egg ’ had existed for all eternity why should it suddenly decide to explode ?
if the ‘ egg ’ had existed for all eternity why should it suddenly decide to [blow up] ?

( Much more worrying is that one of the nearby stars — notably Sirius or Procyon — could explode as a supernova , bathing our planet in sufficient hard radiation to extinguish all life .
( much more worrying is that one of the nearby stars — notably sirius or procyon — could [blow up] as a supernova , bathing our planet in sufficient hard radiation to extinguish all life .

When he had n't moved , one of the humans had fetched a box out of the back of the truck and crept towards him as if expecting Masklin to explode .
when he had n't moved , one of the humans had fetched a box out of the back of the truck and crept towards him as if expecting masklin to [blow up] .

‘ But it 's a dreadful thing to say ! Anyway … you never told me you could explode ! ’
‘ but it 's a dreadful thing to say ! anyway … you never told me you could [blow up] ! ’

The hoax warnings , the bombs which fail to explode and the few which do are undoubtedly disrupting normal life , especially in London .
the hoax warnings , the bombs which fail to [blow up] and the few which do are undoubtedly disrupting normal life , especially in london .

There is still the continued tension between local Hindus and Muslims which could explode into more violence at any time .
there is still the continued tension between local hindus and muslims which could [blow up] into more violence at any time .

Domestic bad debts began to explode in 1990 and punched an even greater hole in the Midland 's balance sheet .
domestic bad debts began to [blow up] in 1990 and punched an even greater hole in the midland 's balance sheet .

The labourers were drawn into a pattern of early marriages , large families and demoralisation which expressed itself in a growing surliness and a readiness to explode into violent , but contained , protest .
the labourers were drawn into a pattern of early marriages , large families and demoralisation which expressed itself in a growing surliness and a readiness to [blow up] into violent , but contained , protest .

It was timed to explode just 30 minutes later but because of a blunder the detonator failed to explode — the capital 's second lucky escape in just 16 days .
it was timed to [blow up] just 30 minutes later but because of a blunder the detonator failed to [blow up] — the capital 's second lucky escape in just 16 days .

They then made two coded telephone warnings to Scotland Yard at 8pm claiming there were four bombs planted in a one-mile radius of the West End which were set to explode at about 8.30pm .
they then made two coded telephone warnings to scotland yard at 8pm claiming there were four bombs planted in a one-mile radius of the west end which were set to [blow up] at about 8.30pm .

Just 16 days ago a one-ton van bomb dumped at East London 's massive office development Canary Wharf also failed to explode although experts have been unable to find any fault .
just 16 days ago a one-ton van bomb dumped at east london 's massive office development canary wharf also failed to [blow up] although experts have been unable to find any fault .

It failed to explode only because of a faulty detonator .
it failed to [blow up] only because of a faulty detonator .

‘ You can imagine the thoughts we were having knowing that one bomb had goine off and three more were likely to explode .
‘ you can imagine the thoughts we were having knowing that one bomb had goine off and three more were likely to [blow up] .

Buckingham Palace has always insisted there was never any reason to make a formal statement on the state of Charles and Diana 's marriage unless a new scandal was about to explode .
buckingham palace has always insisted there was never any reason to make a formal statement on the state of charles and diana 's marriage unless a new scandal was about to [blow up] .

Labourer Nick Stylianou , 26 , was repairing paving stones when he saw the first bomb explode .
labourer nick stylianou , 26 , was repairing paving stones when he saw the first bomb [blow up] .

Contrary to interpretations of the Tunguska object as a friable , underdense comet , Sekanina favours a bolide with a very high strength , arguing that the object would explode instantly on disruption .
contrary to interpretations of the tunguska object as a friable , underdense comet , sekanina favours a bolide with a very high strength , arguing that the object would [blow up] instantly on disruption .

Comets incident with tens of kilotons of energy explode so high in the atmosphere that they are scarcely noticed at the surface .
comets incident with tens of kilotons of energy [blow up] so high in the atmosphere that they are scarcely noticed at the surface .

In his 40s , he squats in blueberry bushes to strip off handfuls of berries , scrabbles in the snow to uncover the nut-hoards hidden by squirrels , and carries home touch-me-not seeds that explode ‘ like a pistol ’ in his hat .
in his 40s , he squats in blueberry bushes to strip off handfuls of berries , scrabbles in the snow to uncover the nut-hoards hidden by squirrels , and carries home touch-me-not seeds that [blow up] ‘ like a pistol ’ in his hat .

It may fail to explode
it may fail to [blow up]

It is not hard to picture how Kosovo might explode .
it is not hard to picture how kosovo might [blow up] .

‘ We feel we 're going to explode from all this oppression .
‘ we feel we 're going to [blow up] from all this oppression .

Paradoxically it is the pressure created by the enormous guilt , and by the doomed attempt to deal with it , that builds tension to the point where it is more likely to explode into real physical abuse .
paradoxically it is the pressure created by the enormous guilt , and by the doomed attempt to deal with it , that builds tension to the point where it is more likely to [blow up] into real physical abuse .

If you see something and you explode with laughter , it does n't matter what was going on , you laughed — it 's funny .
if you see something and you [blow up] with laughter , it does n't matter what was going on , you laughed — it 's funny .

Rock City is packed , the moshpit is brimming with zealous Carpets devotees , and from the moment things explode with ‘ Generations ’ , the band and their sweaty surroundings combine to create an impression of rounded excellence .
rock city is packed , the moshpit is brimming with zealous carpets devotees , and from the moment things [blow up] with ‘ generations ’ , the band and their sweaty surroundings combine to create an impression of rounded excellence .

The way in which that topic was to explode on to the stage in the twentieth century is anticipated in the frontal attack launched on Hegel 's system by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard .
the way in which that topic was to [blow up] on to the stage in the twentieth century is anticipated in the frontal attack launched on hegel 's system by the danish philosopher søren kierkegaard .

Then , their chest cavities simply burst in a mass of bone and blood and repulsive , wriggling leeches explode forth , ten from each body .
then , their chest cavities simply burst in a mass of bone and blood and repulsive , wriggling leeches [blow up] forth , ten from each body .

In deep water the travelling wave may be only a few feet high : but on those rare occasions when such waves reach shallow water , or coastlines , they can rear up and explode with fearful consequences .
in deep water the travelling wave may be only a few feet high : but on those rare occasions when such waves reach shallow water , or coastlines , they can rear up and [blow up] with fearful consequences .

The ship which had blasted upward out of the ziggurat palace only to explode , had propelled a life-capsule onwards , a stasis casket disguised as wreckage …
the ship which had blasted upward out of the ziggurat palace only to [blow up] , had propelled a life-capsule onwards , a stasis casket disguised as wreckage …

Jezrael did n't know if Karel would really explode so many people into space if Madreidetic called his bluff .
jezrael did n't know if karel would really [blow up] so many people into space if madreidetic called his bluff .

Maybe you hear the gas bottle explode a couple of minutes and a couple of miles later , when you 're on the loch-side road heading away , but it 's blowing quite hard by then and you 're not sure .
maybe you hear the gas bottle [blow up] a couple of minutes and a couple of miles later , when you 're on the loch-side road heading away , but it 's blowing quite hard by then and you 're not sure .

He could feel a giggle in his throat , just waiting to explode .
he could feel a giggle in his throat , just waiting to [blow up] .

Some shells do n't explode .
some shells do n't [blow up] .

There were geodesic spheres of optical plastics which appeared to explode like novas when struck with light .
there were geodesic spheres of optical plastics which appeared to [blow up] like novas when struck with light .

But as the examination time approaches , they have to explode into a frenzy of `` swotting `` activity .
but as the examination time approaches , they have to [blow up] into a frenzy of `` swotting `` activity .

Their task is to explode ‘ gene myths ’ — that genes are an all powerful basis of health and disease , that biotechnology is the ‘ wave of the future ’ , that science is immune to political and social pressure , that organisms can be explained in terms of inherited tendencies .
their task is to [blow up] ‘ gene myths ’ — that genes are an all powerful basis of health and disease , that biotechnology is the ‘ wave of the future ’ , that science is immune to political and social pressure , that organisms can be explained in terms of inherited tendencies .

What makes him do that is his belief that the man is about to explode a bomb .
what makes him do that is his belief that the man is about to [blow up] a bomb .

( Although it should not be forgotten that when systems do collapse or explode — like the communist system in Eastern Europe in the late 1990s and early 1990s , or the system of order within Strangeways in 1990 — it tends to happen with great suddenness . )
( although it should not be forgotten that when systems do collapse or [blow up] — like the communist system in eastern europe in the late 1990s and early 1990s , or the system of order within strangeways in 1990 — it tends to happen with great suddenness . )

There is always the chance that they could — ’ The Manchu expanded his hands outward as if to indicate the idea that the population of Tarvaras might explode out into the galaxy .
there is always the chance that they could — ’ the manchu expanded his hands outward as if to indicate the idea that the population of tarvaras might [blow up] out into the galaxy .

Either the power plant of the lifeboat had been rigged to explode , or else the area of the landing site had been fired on from space .
either the power plant of the lifeboat had been rigged to [blow up] , or else the area of the landing site had been fired on from space .

In 1916 Pierre Nizan , who had wagered his existence on a career in the railway company , saw his life explode around him .
in 1916 pierre nizan , who had wagered his existence on a career in the railway company , saw his life [blow up] around him .

From thy mother , in Undersea , witch 's power comes to thee … She knew now it was something she could n't face , to be possessed of magic — magic that could explode without warning and all but kill you … ’ No , ’ she said unsteadily .
from thy mother , in undersea , witch 's power comes to thee … she knew now it was something she could n't face , to be possessed of magic — magic that could [blow up] without warning and all but kill you … ’ no , ’ she said unsteadily .

The pod did n't explode .
the pod did n't [blow up] .

Anyway , ’ he continued , ‘ after the fusion , some of the stars explode .
anyway , ’ he continued , ‘ after the fusion , some of the stars [blow up] .

‘ Explode ? ’
‘ [blow up] ? ’

If it sits at the bottom of your belly , glowering like a smouldering fire , threatening to explode suddenly at any time and paralyse you ?
if it sits at the bottom of your belly , glowering like a smouldering fire , threatening to [blow up] suddenly at any time and paralyse you ?

Although she knew that he would n't wake , she turned the handle of the door as carefully as if expecting it to explode .
although she knew that he would n't wake , she turned the handle of the door as carefully as if expecting it to [blow up] .

Initially , they play great pop but halfway through the set explode into something far wilder , and the polite applause turns into cheers .
initially , they play great pop but halfway through the set [blow up] into something far wilder , and the polite applause turns into cheers .

’ Red lights seemed to explode inside her head at the outrageous arrogance of his words .
’ red lights seemed to [blow up] inside her head at the outrageous arrogance of his words .

When a school is attacked , the fish may ‘ explode ’ away from the point of attack , in a dramatically simultaneous rapid movement .
when a school is attacked , the fish may ‘ [blow up] ’ away from the point of attack , in a dramatically simultaneous rapid movement .

Fernie looked as if he was ready to explode again , but Alice nodded and he subsided .
fernie looked as if he was ready to [blow up] again , but alice nodded and he subsided .

It needs to be stressed that in a thermal reactor the fuel is near to its most active state and there is no way in which the nuclear assembly can go supercritical and explode like a nuclear weapon ( Coggle , 1983 ) .
it needs to be stressed that in a thermal reactor the fuel is near to its most active state and there is no way in which the nuclear assembly can go supercritical and [blow up] like a nuclear weapon ( coggle , 1983 ) .

The tearing pains of hunger , her stomach ready to fly apart and explode with raging emptiness , these did not last too long .
the tearing pains of hunger , her stomach ready to fly apart and [blow up] with raging emptiness , these did not last too long .

Though she tries to ‘ wrap this linguistic experimentation in some sort of narrative situation — a minimal mimetic plot ’ , her real purpose is ‘ to explode human discourse ’ ( 137 ) .
though she tries to ‘ wrap this linguistic experimentation in some sort of narrative situation — a minimal mimetic plot ’ , her real purpose is ‘ to [blow up] human discourse ’ ( 137 ) .

Whereas in The Languages of Love the pun is indicative of the tragic breach between the human and the divine , in Thru it is described as ‘ free , anarchic , a powerful instrument to explode the civilization of the sign and all its stable , reassuring definitions ’ ( 29/607 ) .
whereas in the languages of love the pun is indicative of the tragic breach between the human and the divine , in thru it is described as ‘ free , anarchic , a powerful instrument to [blow up] the civilization of the sign and all its stable , reassuring definitions ’ ( 29/607 ) .

It was the noise of something stretching and straining under enormous , impossible pressure ; as if the very fabric of that wall must suddenly explode inwards , enveloping them in a deadly blast of shattered brick and concrete .
it was the noise of something stretching and straining under enormous , impossible pressure ; as if the very fabric of that wall must suddenly [blow up] inwards , enveloping them in a deadly blast of shattered brick and concrete .

Gilbert screwed his eyes shut , waiting for the other windows to explode out into the Darkfall , dragging both Rohmer and himself into those hellish , spinning whirlwinds .
gilbert screwed his eyes shut , waiting for the other windows to [blow up] out into the darkfall , dragging both rohmer and himself into those hellish , spinning whirlwinds .

Depression , which is expressed in tears , can follow or else a sense of outrage at not being taken seriously , which can explode in the form of tears of rage .
depression , which is expressed in tears , can follow or else a sense of outrage at not being taken seriously , which can [blow up] in the form of tears of rage .

He scanned the dark figures moving about in the blackness , saw the odd flash-bulb explode as tourists took pictures of one of the capital 's most famous landmarks .
he scanned the dark figures moving about in the blackness , saw the odd flash-bulb [blow up] as tourists took pictures of one of the capital 's most famous landmarks .

His manner was normally gracious and unperturbed , although he was a man of powerful emotions and could on occasion explode violently .
his manner was normally gracious and unperturbed , although he was a man of powerful emotions and could on occasion [blow up] violently .

Then suddenly he seemed to explode with anger .
then suddenly he seemed to [blow up] with anger .

Lindsey saw a photographer 's flashbulb explode in front of her .
lindsey saw a photographer 's flashbulb [blow up] in front of her .

Just about to explode with fury , she suddenly caught the oddly constrained , heavy note of tension in his voice .
just about to [blow up] with fury , she suddenly caught the oddly constrained , heavy note of tension in his voice .

And , as their pressure increased , Laura felt a brilliant light seeming to explode in both her mind and body .
and , as their pressure increased , laura felt a brilliant light seeming to [blow up] in both her mind and body .

And she cried out as a cascade of fireworks seemed to explode deep within her , before their bodies , now moving in perfect unison , recaptured the fierce , tumultuous pleasure they had always shared in the past — the total consummation which she had been denied for so long .
and she cried out as a cascade of fireworks seemed to [blow up] deep within her , before their bodies , now moving in perfect unison , recaptured the fierce , tumultuous pleasure they had always shared in the past — the total consummation which she had been denied for so long .

She felt jittery and tense and ready to explode .
she felt jittery and tense and ready to [blow up] .

Her stomach tightened when his free hand lightly touched her breast , discovering the shape , stroking the nipple through the fine material of her nightdress , making desire explode in her mind like a shower of stars .
her stomach tightened when his free hand lightly touched her breast , discovering the shape , stroking the nipple through the fine material of her nightdress , making desire [blow up] in her mind like a shower of stars .

Love and joy seemed to explode inside her , threatening to spill over into cries of happiness .
love and joy seemed to [blow up] inside her , threatening to spill over into cries of happiness .

She might be so bored that her jaw ached from trying not to yawn , but Nicolo — Nicolo looked as if he were about to explode .
she might be so bored that her jaw ached from trying not to yawn , but nicolo — nicolo looked as if he were about to [blow up] .

If he ever reached that point , contrary to what her natal sign would seem to suggest , she might explode .
if he ever reached that point , contrary to what her natal sign would seem to suggest , she might [blow up] .

She hesitated , aware of asking a question which had the power to explode in her face .
she hesitated , aware of asking a question which had the power to [blow up] in her face .

The volume of data being created is continuing to explode at a rate seemingly far in excess of what a diminishing workforce ought to be able to produce .
the volume of data being created is continuing to [blow up] at a rate seemingly far in excess of what a diminishing workforce ought to be able to produce .

Sellafield waste dump " may explode "
sellafield waste dump " may [blow up] "

These two chemicals , when mixed together , literally explode .
these two chemicals , when mixed together , literally [blow up] .

The Storm , as already noted , is the first of those central interludes which explode out of the tension of the preceding scenes and reach forward to control the scenes which follow .
the storm , as already noted , is the first of those central interludes which [blow up] out of the tension of the preceding scenes and reach forward to control the scenes which follow .

The economic seesaw has hit the ground with a bone-juddering thud yet again — jobs are flying off in all directions as redundancies explode , industries contract and small businesses collapse .
the economic seesaw has hit the ground with a bone-juddering thud yet again — jobs are flying off in all directions as redundancies [blow up] , industries contract and small businesses collapse .

The problem comes in allowing frustration to build until you explode .
the problem comes in allowing frustration to build until you [blow up] .

Unless confidences are shared within a trusting team , problems often fester and subsequently explode .
unless confidences are shared within a trusting team , problems often fester and subsequently [blow up] .

Presenting women 's viewpoint in development through interpersonal and mass media will explode several myths of patriarchal society , especially those assuming that ‘ male-defined reality ’ is the only reality , that political and economic systems created by men are superior and that women must merely be integrated into these systems .
presenting women 's viewpoint in development through interpersonal and mass media will [blow up] several myths of patriarchal society , especially those assuming that ‘ male-defined reality ’ is the only reality , that political and economic systems created by men are superior and that women must merely be integrated into these systems .

Civil war threatens to explode , ’ warn the leaders of the Church of Christ in Zaire , who are now obliged to communicate with their people through literature printed and distributed from neighbouring Kenya .
civil war threatens to [blow up] , ’ warn the leaders of the church of christ in zaire , who are now obliged to communicate with their people through literature printed and distributed from neighbouring kenya .

Snowballs explode like white bombs on doors and lamp-posts .
snowballs [blow up] like white bombs on doors and lamp-posts .

Suddenly the entire dealing room used to explode into a harsh crescendo of directed shouting .
suddenly the entire dealing room used to [blow up] into a harsh crescendo of directed shouting .

The noise levels were deafening and you came off work feeling your head would explode .
the noise levels were deafening and you came off work feeling your head would [blow up] .

The bombs whistle and fall and explode .
the bombs whistle and fall and [blow up] .

But at this thought rage grasped her and shook her with red-hot hands , so that her eyes went dark and she found herself walking fast up the road , and then along another , and another , walking as though she would explode if she stopped .
but at this thought rage grasped her and shook her with red-hot hands , so that her eyes went dark and she found herself walking fast up the road , and then along another , and another , walking as though she would [blow up] if she stopped .

The torsos sizzle in their own fat , swell and explode .
the torsos sizzle in their own fat , swell and [blow up] .

Something seemed to explode behind Alan Travers .
something seemed to [blow up] behind alan travers .

He was controlling his body and was ready to explode and attack the khthons .
he was controlling his body and was ready to [blow up] and attack the khthons .

Masklin felt the idea explode quietly , like a dandelion clock . ‘ If we knew where one of these things was going to be flown into space , ’ he said , speaking quickly before the words had time to escape , ‘ and we could sort of hang on to the sides or whatever , or maybe drive it like the Truck , and we took you with us , then we could jump off when we got up there and go and find this ship of ours , could n't we ? ’
masklin felt the idea [blow up] quietly , like a dandelion clock . ‘ if we knew where one of these things was going to be flown into space , ’ he said , speaking quickly before the words had time to escape , ‘ and we could sort of hang on to the sides or whatever , or maybe drive it like the truck , and we took you with us , then we could jump off when we got up there and go and find this ship of ours , could n't we ? ’

The instruments show a build-up of methane that could explode any minute .
the instruments show a build-up of methane that could [blow up] any minute .

If it was touched again it would explode , they knew .
if it was touched again it would [blow up] , they knew .

The concrete plinth exhibited similar stoicism , having withstood the best that several generations of secondary schoolboys could formulate and explode against it .
the concrete plinth exhibited similar stoicism , having withstood the best that several generations of secondary schoolboys could formulate and [blow up] against it .

Initially , they play great pop but halfway through the set explode into something far wilder , and the polite applause turns into cheers .
initially , they play great pop but halfway through the set [blow up] into something far wilder , and the polite applause turns into cheers .

The Accused engages with specific , widely held myths about rape in order to dramatically explode them .
the accused engages with specific , widely held myths about rape in order to dramatically [blow up] them .

Perhaps the most prevalent belief about crime is that it will ‘ explode ’ if penalties are relaxed , and can be contained only if they are stiffened .
perhaps the most prevalent belief about crime is that it will ‘ [blow up] ’ if penalties are relaxed , and can be contained only if they are stiffened .

The bulb inside would be attached to a battery and when the bulb flashed the heat sensitive powder would explode — either splitting the copper pipe or causing it to splinter into shrapnel .
the bulb inside would be attached to a battery and when the bulb flashed the heat sensitive powder would [blow up] — either splitting the copper pipe or causing it to splinter into shrapnel .

Viewers saw him explode with fury at militiamen who tried to stand in the way of aid convoys , and shake with emotion at the tragic plight of victims of ethnic cleansing .
viewers saw him [blow up] with fury at militiamen who tried to stand in the way of aid convoys , and shake with emotion at the tragic plight of victims of ethnic cleansing .

In some cases they may explode or manage to throw off enough matter to reduce their mass below the limit and so avoid catastrophic gravitational collapse , but it was difficult to believe that this always happened , no matter how big the star .
in some cases they may [blow up] or manage to throw off enough matter to reduce their mass below the limit and so avoid catastrophic gravitational collapse , but it was difficult to believe that this always happened , no matter how big the star .

Of course , there might be other forms of intelligent life , not dreamed of even by writers of science fiction , that did not require the light of a star like the sun or the heavier chemical elements that are made in stars and are flung back into space when the stars explode .
of course , there might be other forms of intelligent life , not dreamed of even by writers of science fiction , that did not require the light of a star like the sun or the heavier chemical elements that are made in stars and are flung back into space when the stars [blow up] .

The effort of holding it all in made her feel as though she was about to explode .
the effort of holding it all in made her feel as though she was about to [blow up] .

Lissa watched , her mind beginning to tick over , like a little bomb , set to explode .
lissa watched , her mind beginning to tick over , like a little bomb , set to [blow up] .

He knew himself to be a magical dropout , so it did n't bother him that the mere appearance of a hero at the city gates was enough to cause retorts to explode and demons to materialise all through the Magical Quarter .
he knew himself to be a magical dropout , so it did n't bother him that the mere appearance of a hero at the city gates was enough to cause retorts to [blow up] and demons to materialise all through the magical quarter .

He looked sidelong at the black box , half expecting it to explode or emit strange musical tones .
he looked sidelong at the black box , half expecting it to [blow up] or emit strange musical tones .

You ca n't say when yet another accident happens , ‘ Poor Frank ! ’ We know by now that whatever he touches will break , fall , or explode .
you ca n't say when yet another accident happens , ‘ poor frank ! ’ we know by now that whatever he touches will break , fall , or [blow up] .

’ The derisive query showed her that as a bombshell it had failed to explode .
’ the derisive query showed her that as a bombshell it had failed to [blow up] .

He seemed to explode out of the chair , pacing to and fro as if he could not be still .
he seemed to [blow up] out of the chair , pacing to and fro as if he could not be still .

When it finally does link up the computer will explode .
when it finally does link up the computer will [blow up] .

For large grammars this is especially the case since the interaction of many rules can cause the system to explode in a combinatorial manner .
for large grammars this is especially the case since the interaction of many rules can cause the system to [blow up] in a combinatorial manner .

As far as Jenna was concerned they could all band together and explode .
as far as jenna was concerned they could all band together and [blow up] .

It was like waiting for a bomb to explode , because she never knew what he would do next .
it was like waiting for a bomb to [blow up] , because she never knew what he would do next .

Three rockets explode in Mexico City , the signal that a family is about to be evicted .
three rockets [blow up] in mexico city , the signal that a family is about to be evicted .

It was about to explode in her face .
it was about to [blow up] in her face .

One of Brazil 's biggest industrial areas has become an environmental time-bomb which could explode at any time .
one of brazil 's biggest industrial areas has become an environmental time-bomb which could [blow up] at any time .

On top of this , the environmental time bomb that has been ticking away for years now seems ready to explode .
on top of this , the environmental time bomb that has been ticking away for years now seems ready to [blow up] .

It is a time bomb waiting to explode .
it is a time bomb waiting to [blow up] .

The words were enough to make him explode with anger , and , turning swiftly to grip her shoulders , he shook her with force , glaring down into her face .
the words were enough to make him [blow up] with anger , and , turning swiftly to grip her shoulders , he shook her with force , glaring down into her face .

The whole room seemed to explode in seconds .
the whole room seemed to [blow up] in seconds .

‘ Because , sir , beds do not explode into flames , ’ Benjamin replied .
‘ because , sir , beds do not [blow up] into flames , ’ benjamin replied .

The cryptic remark made her explode with frustration . ‘ What the hell 's that supposed to mean ? ’
the cryptic remark made her [blow up] with frustration . ‘ what the hell 's that supposed to mean ? ’

When she thought she was about to explode she stormed up the stairs , slamming her bedroom door shut behind her and leaning heavily against it .
when she thought she was about to [blow up] she stormed up the stairs , slamming her bedroom door shut behind her and leaning heavily against it .

He had made her whole body feel as though it would explode at the slightest caress from him .
he had made her whole body feel as though it would [blow up] at the slightest caress from him .

He sucked at her breasts , tasting them , then her stomach , and with every feel of his mouth she thought that she would explode .
he sucked at her breasts , tasting them , then her stomach , and with every feel of his mouth she thought that she would [blow up] .

He held his temper on a pretty short fuse , and it was as liable to explode in the face of a headmaster as in that of a dustman .
he held his temper on a pretty short fuse , and it was as liable to [blow up] in the face of a headmaster as in that of a dustman .

After nine courses would she simply explode , like a too-fat sausage — ?
after nine courses would she simply [blow up] , like a too-fat sausage — ?

Khan was in Washington for talks with United States officials during which he repeated undertakings not to explode a nuclear weapon or transfer nuclear technology to other countries .
khan was in washington for talks with united states officials during which he repeated undertakings not to [blow up] a nuclear weapon or transfer nuclear technology to other countries .

The two other bombs failed to explode fully , landing nearby in Mountbatten Green , behind the Foreign and Commonwealth Office .
the two other bombs failed to [blow up] fully , landing nearby in mountbatten green , behind the foreign and commonwealth office .

The defendants supplied a chemical to the plaintiffs but failed to warn that it was liable to explode on contact with water .
the defendants supplied a chemical to the plaintiffs but failed to warn that it was liable to [blow up] on contact with water .

In the following sentence , the effect introduced by the use of the to infinitive is even more striking : ( 190 ) … what he saw there made him falter and repeat himself and then suddenly to explode into a cry . ( Hughes 1961 : 22 ; in Visser 1973 : 2262 )
in the following sentence , the effect introduced by the use of the to infinitive is even more striking : ( 190 ) … what he saw there made him falter and repeat himself and then suddenly to [blow up] into a cry . ( hughes 1961 : 22 ; in visser 1973 : 2262 )

Finally the flame would engulf his head and he 'd explode in a furious orange ball of flame .
finally the flame would engulf his head and he 'd [blow up] in a furious orange ball of flame .

it meant to rip wide open or explode
it meant to rip wide open or [blow up]

They have been bred specially for chipping : they are not good for boiling because they tend to explode , but they cook fast and — hideous thought — absorb fat quickly .
they have been bred specially for chipping : they are not good for boiling because they tend to [blow up] , but they cook fast and — hideous thought — absorb fat quickly .

If imbalance occurs , then the star may explode as a supernova , or implode to entrap its own radiation in a black hole .
if imbalance occurs , then the star may [blow up] as a supernova , or implode to entrap its own radiation in a black hole .

Just as they were about to explode with rage the head of the agency appeared .
just as they were about to [blow up] with rage the head of the agency appeared .

Different thoughts , but one thought : Secord would suddenly explode to the interpreter , ‘ He 's still not talking about the god-damned hostage thing !
different thoughts , but one thought : secord would suddenly [blow up] to the interpreter , ‘ he 's still not talking about the god-damned hostage thing !

Certainly , the illness would have given me plenty of opportunities to make strings of fireworks fizzle and explode in bright , whirling wheels of sulphurous pain in and behind Miller 's word-jellied eyeballs .
certainly , the illness would have given me plenty of opportunities to make strings of fireworks fizzle and [blow up] in bright , whirling wheels of sulphurous pain in and behind miller 's word-jellied eyeballs .

Indeed , immediately the election was over — and as the nationalists planned a campaign of civil disobedience — Scottish Tory ministers seemed to acknowledge as much , recognising that the tough ‘ no compromise ’ stance needed modification if mounting resentment was not to explode into violent disorder .
indeed , immediately the election was over — and as the nationalists planned a campaign of civil disobedience — scottish tory ministers seemed to acknowledge as much , recognising that the tough ‘ no compromise ’ stance needed modification if mounting resentment was not to [blow up] into violent disorder .

Police arrested 12 people in the city centre before the match and fireworks continued to explode throughout the game .
police arrested 12 people in the city centre before the match and fireworks continued to [blow up] throughout the game .

The largest previous Semtex bomb on the mainland — 70lb — did not explode .
the largest previous semtex bomb on the mainland — 70lb — did not [blow up] .

The tank blew up , hurling the Vauxhall through the closed garage doors , which caused twenty more gallons of petrol to explode , blowing the front off the house .
the tank blew up , hurling the vauxhall through the closed garage doors , which caused twenty more gallons of petrol to [blow up] , blowing the front off the house .

‘ Our intelligence reports suggest that once the flight from Hawaii is aloft a bomb will explode at Laoag and they will ask for landing rights in Manila .
‘ our intelligence reports suggest that once the flight from hawaii is aloft a bomb will [blow up] at laoag and they will ask for landing rights in manila .

Endill could feel the heat from the Headmaster 's face as it grew redder and redder and he was sure it was about to explode .
endill could feel the heat from the headmaster 's face as it grew redder and redder and he was sure it was about to [blow up] .

And he warned that if there was not an honourable settlement , that would ‘ explode the whole region ’ .
and he warned that if there was not an honourable settlement , that would ‘ [blow up] the whole region ’ .

Warsaw Pact tanks have been fitted in recent years with additional armour , designed to explode when hit by an anti-tank missile , so neutralising its effect .
warsaw pact tanks have been fitted in recent years with additional armour , designed to [blow up] when hit by an anti-tank missile , so neutralising its effect .

Just to explode any lingering subtlety , Unberto Eco even has someone ask , ‘ Was n't he a character in Middlemarch ?
just to [blow up] any lingering subtlety , unberto eco even has someone ask , ‘ was n't he a character in middlemarch ?

When he did appear through the darkness , he was in a foul mood , and told them that several bombs had failed to explode .
when he did appear through the darkness , he was in a foul mood , and told them that several bombs had failed to [blow up] .

Drive out , kill self , let God be then alone in me — then in God we will find ( no , he-in-us will find ) ourselves selfless free sons Come God — my God is and is in me , in you rather let God explode burst from within filling the whole of us away from self just He He He He Theos — no , the one — Heis .
drive out , kill self , let god be then alone in me — then in god we will find ( no , he-in-us will find ) ourselves selfless free sons come god — my god is and is in me , in you rather let god [blow up] burst from within filling the whole of us away from self just he he he he theos — no , the one — heis .

But ‘ belong ’ — she is fearful that for her at least the word may explode , may vanish in a puff of smoke as delicate as the smoke that trickles from Fenna 's nostrils when he is asleep ; as delicate as the fronds of smoke that drift mysteriously from the end of Phoebe 's cigarette when she gestures impatiently in conversation .
but ‘ belong ’ — she is fearful that for her at least the word may [blow up] , may vanish in a puff of smoke as delicate as the smoke that trickles from fenna 's nostrils when he is asleep ; as delicate as the fronds of smoke that drift mysteriously from the end of phoebe 's cigarette when she gestures impatiently in conversation .

Expensive commercial explosives continued to sell ; consignments of cheap ammonium nitrate fertiliser continued to explode .
expensive commercial explosives continued to sell ; consignments of cheap ammonium nitrate fertiliser continued to [blow up] .

Oh , just you try forcing yourself on me again and your world will explode .
oh , just you try forcing yourself on me again and your world will [blow up] .

Then she would explode with grief and anger .
then she would [blow up] with grief and anger .

Critics argue that if the probe should explode on lift-off or veer off course and re-enter Earth 's atmosphere , the batteries could be pulverised , dispersing 260,000 curies of radioactive waste — more than half as much as has been released in all nuclear tests .
critics argue that if the probe should [blow up] on lift-off or veer off course and re-enter earth 's atmosphere , the batteries could be pulverised , dispersing 260,000 curies of radioactive waste — more than half as much as has been released in all nuclear tests .

And yet in 1953 another keenly awaited publication lit a fuse which eventually would explode many an illusion of carefully tended domestic bliss .
and yet in 1953 another keenly awaited publication lit a fuse which eventually would [blow up] many an illusion of carefully tended domestic bliss .

‘ Do n't call me a charlatan , you miserable old creep , ’ Otley would explode .
‘ do n't call me a charlatan , you miserable old creep , ’ otley would [blow up] .

It struck Mungo as being like a time-bomb , planted even before memory , which might explode at any moment .
it struck mungo as being like a time-bomb , planted even before memory , which might [blow up] at any moment .

She looked as if she might explode at any moment .
she looked as if she might [blow up] at any moment .

His massive figures appear to explode out over the frames .
his massive figures appear to [blow up] out over the frames .

’ Well , they do n't literally explode , but they are gusseted and expand dramatically , taking the sack from 60 to 75 litres .
’ well , they do n't literally [blow up] , but they are gusseted and expand dramatically , taking the sack from 60 to 75 litres .

They are not going to explode or burn .
they are not going to [blow up] or burn .

When they were told that he was still at lunch , Morton thought that Bragg would explode , but he controlled himself and settled for a middle-aged assistant .
when they were told that he was still at lunch , morton thought that bragg would [blow up] , but he controlled himself and settled for a middle-aged assistant .

Every few minutes a shell would swish over the rooftops to explode with a roar in the docks ; and more Syrian troops — nearer to the explosions and silhouetted against the sea — could be seen running beside the harbour wall .
every few minutes a shell would swish over the rooftops to [blow up] with a roar in the docks ; and more syrian troops — nearer to the explosions and silhouetted against the sea — could be seen running beside the harbour wall .

‘ Nations ’ seem to be historically supersubjects with attributes of agency and action : they ‘ mobilize ’ , ‘ aspire ’ , ‘ propel themselves forward ’ , ‘ react ’ and they even have atavistic , irrational ‘ ideas ’ with traumas which explode periodically .
‘ nations ’ seem to be historically supersubjects with attributes of agency and action : they ‘ mobilize ’ , ‘ aspire ’ , ‘ propel themselves forward ’ , ‘ react ’ and they even have atavistic , irrational ‘ ideas ’ with traumas which [blow up] periodically .

’ It turned out that the foreman had not warned Heinz that the paraffin might explode .
’ it turned out that the foreman had not warned heinz that the paraffin might [blow up] .

We have all had these emotions but when they reach such a pitch that our suppression of them can not cope , we explode , turning against whoever or whatever is in our way in an attempt to destroy it .
we have all had these emotions but when they reach such a pitch that our suppression of them can not cope , we [blow up] , turning against whoever or whatever is in our way in an attempt to destroy it .

The first flare was fired , dropping away to explode into fiery incandescence a thousand feet above the surface , a snaking , burning star suspended on a miniature parachute .
the first flare was fired , dropping away to [blow up] into fiery incandescence a thousand feet above the surface , a snaking , burning star suspended on a miniature parachute .

as if in answer to his question , they heard the grenade explode ; the water around it spasmed , sending a central jet erupting skywards to be almost instantly swept away by the wind .
as if in answer to his question , they heard the grenade [blow up] ; the water around it spasmed , sending a central jet erupting skywards to be almost instantly swept away by the wind .

You show us some mines : perhaps there are others still due to explode .
you show us some mines : perhaps there are others still due to [blow up] .

Moeri 's original procedure , of adding the chemicals to the second vat , would however have taken only a few minutes and would have left the reaction in no condition to explode .
moeri 's original procedure , of adding the chemicals to the second vat , would however have taken only a few minutes and would have left the reaction in no condition to [blow up] .

Forty years later , in his biography The Sweeping Wind ( 1962 ) , he described his first impressions : ‘ a young red-headed man , very tall and slightly stooped , nervous , his face spotty red as if about to explode into a dermatosis … An unearthly character , not to be forgotten once seen ; a man in the stylish accoutrements of an English country gentleman or retired guards officer — without a moustache — but totally lacking in the phlegm and equanimity associated with one .
forty years later , in his biography the sweeping wind ( 1962 ) , he described his first impressions : ‘ a young red-headed man , very tall and slightly stooped , nervous , his face spotty red as if about to [blow up] into a dermatosis … an unearthly character , not to be forgotten once seen ; a man in the stylish accoutrements of an english country gentleman or retired guards officer — without a moustache — but totally lacking in the phlegm and equanimity associated with one .

Many meteorites explode during passage through the atmosphere and fall in showers .
many meteorites [blow up] during passage through the atmosphere and fall in showers .

That is , the thing did not immediately explode .
that is , the thing did not immediately [blow up] .

He tested the 1:8 mixture in bottles of various sizes until he found that it would not explode in long narrow tubes that offered a large cooling surface .
he tested the 1:8 mixture in bottles of various sizes until he found that it would not [blow up] in long narrow tubes that offered a large cooling surface .

Madame Mattli might be a stickler for detail , with a generous helping of the artistic temperament which kept her tight-coiled as a spring and which would explode into frenzy if the smallest detail was not as it should be , but she also had a kind face and deep perceptive eyes .
madame mattli might be a stickler for detail , with a generous helping of the artistic temperament which kept her tight-coiled as a spring and which would [blow up] into frenzy if the smallest detail was not as it should be , but she also had a kind face and deep perceptive eyes .

In Manchester , the Clyne House nursery school , then occupied by the military authorities , was also severely damaged , and the main school building was hit by a bomb which went through its roof but which fortunately failed to explode .
in manchester , the clyne house nursery school , then occupied by the military authorities , was also severely damaged , and the main school building was hit by a bomb which went through its roof but which fortunately failed to [blow up] .

The wee ginger-haired midfielder who was once described as ‘ a volcano looking for somewhere to explode , ’ took his men on a drinking spree that stretched from the downstairs bar of the Marina Hotel to an exclusive Copenhagen night club called ‘ Bonaparte 's ’ , and back again .
the wee ginger-haired midfielder who was once described as ‘ a volcano looking for somewhere to [blow up] , ’ took his men on a drinking spree that stretched from the downstairs bar of the marina hotel to an exclusive copenhagen night club called ‘ bonaparte 's ’ , and back again .

In short , the adjacent possible would explode rapidly , but everything around would bite the dust .
in short , the adjacent possible would [blow up] rapidly , but everything around would bite the dust .

Once the pious devotions are over , however , wine flows , fireworks explode , espetada ( kebab ) stalls flourish , and Monte regains normality for another 363 days .
once the pious devotions are over , however , wine flows , fireworks [blow up] , espetada ( kebab ) stalls flourish , and monte regains normality for another 363 days .

It needed to be designed to explode in a different way , and even then had to be targeted with extreme precision .
it needed to be designed to [blow up] in a different way , and even then had to be targeted with extreme precision .

The city is going to explode with Herron 's artistic contributions !
the city is going to [blow up] with herron 's artistic contributions !

While B2B businesses will probably migrate more quickly , and while obviously there 's a lot of business that will always be offline ( unless we figure out a way to get a virtual haircut ) , it 's illogical that B2B on the Web will explode while B2C will remain stagnant .
while b2b businesses will probably migrate more quickly , and while obviously there 's a lot of business that will always be offline ( unless we figure out a way to get a virtual haircut ) , it 's illogical that b2b on the web will [blow up] while b2c will remain stagnant .

The NYT quotes a trade minister from Pakistan as threatening to `` explode the meeting '' if the proposal goes forward .
the nyt quotes a trade minister from pakistan as threatening to `` [blow up] the meeting '' if the proposal goes forward .

We do n't see the enemy machine guns or rifles , but we hear the pops and the ceaseless whine of bullets , and we watch the men as their chests and heads explode .
we do n't see the enemy machine guns or rifles , but we hear the pops and the ceaseless whine of bullets , and we watch the men as their chests and heads [blow up] .

It goes without saying , however , that Spielberg makes the case that soldiers ' morals explode like land mines amid the terrors of war .
it goes without saying , however , that spielberg makes the case that soldiers ' morals [blow up] like land mines amid the terrors of war .

It takes a while to get oriented in Leigh 's movies , which , for all their social-realist trappings , frequently explode into caricature and high-theatrical artifice .
it takes a while to get oriented in leigh 's movies , which , for all their social-realist trappings , frequently [blow up] into caricature and high-theatrical artifice .

Bullets explode in shards of glass and light , bringing death in chiaroscuro .
bullets [blow up] in shards of glass and light , bringing death in chiaroscuro .

Such as this from a Missouri Democratic Party radio appeal targeted at blacks : `` When you do n't vote , you let another church explode . ''
such as this from a missouri democratic party radio appeal targeted at blacks : `` when you do n't vote , you let another church [blow up] . ''

The weapon would use the precision guidance technology already common in planes and tanks to deliver rounds that explode in the air above enemy soldiers , thereby lessening their ability to survive battlefield small arms fire by taking cover .
the weapon would use the precision guidance technology already common in planes and tanks to deliver rounds that [blow up] in the air above enemy soldiers , thereby lessening their ability to survive battlefield small arms fire by taking cover .

Does he explode into flame , as in John Carpenter 's Vampires ?
does he [blow up] into flame , as in john carpenter 's vampires ?

A deceased vampire should not explode , disintegrate , burst , morph , or molder but should serenely resume countenance pertaining at the time of its transmogrification .
a deceased vampire should not [blow up] , disintegrate , burst , morph , or molder but should serenely resume countenance pertaining at the time of its transmogrification .

She was indicted in 1976 for allegedly placing pipe bombs under police cruisers ( the bombs did n't explode ) .
she was indicted in 1976 for allegedly placing pipe bombs under police cruisers ( the bombs did n't [blow up] ) .

When it skids into a building and overturns it does n't explode : Its tanks are full of milk for the starving people .
when it skids into a building and overturns it does n't [blow up] : its tanks are full of milk for the starving people .

When he asks how Barlow would feel if his wife and daughter were similarly killed , Russell cuts to a shot of the mother and child as the walls explode around them .
when he asks how barlow would feel if his wife and daughter were similarly killed , russell cuts to a shot of the mother and child as the walls [blow up] around them .

If well-known candidates run in 2000 , that number could explode , and the costs of distributing , auditing , and counting millions of ballots could bankrupt the party .
if well-known candidates run in 2000 , that number could [blow up] , and the costs of distributing , auditing , and counting millions of ballots could bankrupt the party .

The rite is liberating but also frightening : Remove a cork from a bottle so pressurized , and the contents are apt to explode .
the rite is liberating but also frightening : remove a cork from a bottle so pressurized , and the contents are apt to [blow up] .

According to the Globe , friends of the Playboy magazine founder `` are worried that he 's popping Viagra like candy and eventually his heart is going to explode . ''
according to the globe , friends of the playboy magazine founder `` are worried that he 's popping viagra like candy and eventually his heart is going to [blow up] . ''

If Clinton , as is now increasingly clear , was a time bomb waiting to explode , then Stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the White House and muffled the ticking .
if clinton , as is now increasingly clear , was a time bomb waiting to [blow up] , then stephanopoulos helped smuggle him into the white house and muffled the ticking .

Most of all , I obsess over the people whose duty it is to de-ice wings , coax the cargo hold not to explode , and fix any smoking engines before takeoff .
most of all , i obsess over the people whose duty it is to de-ice wings , coax the cargo hold not to [blow up] , and fix any smoking engines before takeoff .

The Times of India said that the pauperization of various East Asian nations `` is belatedly being recognised as a ticking time bomb which may explode , plunging the region into acute political and social chaos , '' and it criticized conservative policies for dealing with this .
the times of india said that the pauperization of various east asian nations `` is belatedly being recognised as a ticking time bomb which may [blow up] , plunging the region into acute political and social chaos , '' and it criticized conservative policies for dealing with this .

Even more bizarre : As Mark Pendergrast writes in his book Victims of Memory : Incest Accusations and Shattered Lives , one participant in a support group for Vietnam veterans , Ed , recalled seeing a buddy 's head explode during a firefight .
even more bizarre : as mark pendergrast writes in his book victims of memory : incest accusations and shattered lives , one participant in a support group for vietnam veterans , ed , recalled seeing a buddy 's head [blow up] during a firefight .

An American expert tells the paper that Indian claims about having exploded a hydrogen bomb and being able to explode bigger ones is quite believable .
an american expert tells the paper that indian claims about having exploded a hydrogen bomb and being able to [blow up] bigger ones is quite believable .

Academic success depends on a reputation for cutting-edge research -- which typically means either clever mathematical models or ingenious statistical exercises that redefine some important issue or explode some piece of conventional wisdom .
academic success depends on a reputation for cutting-edge research -- which typically means either clever mathematical models or ingenious statistical exercises that redefine some important issue or [blow up] some piece of conventional wisdom .

The bottles mysteriously failed to explode .
the bottles mysteriously failed to [blow up] .

I 'd rather watch Silvo and Paulie Walnuts and Pussy and Tony shoot pool and gripe and plot to kill people , and I 'd rather watch Hesh scheme and Christopher explode , than watch Lorraine Bracco act .
i 'd rather watch silvo and paulie walnuts and pussy and tony shoot pool and gripe and plot to kill people , and i 'd rather watch hesh scheme and christopher [blow up] , than watch lorraine bracco act .

Any nation determined to explode a nuclear bomb in Uncle Sam 's front yard would have to be insane to deliver the insult by missile -- it might as well affix a return address to the weapon before firing .
any nation determined to [blow up] a nuclear bomb in uncle sam 's front yard would have to be insane to deliver the insult by missile -- it might as well affix a return address to the weapon before firing .

Still , the discovery would seem to knock from contention the theory that mechanical failure caused the airplane to explode on July 17 , killing all 230 aboard . ''
still , the discovery would seem to knock from contention the theory that mechanical failure caused the airplane to [blow up] on july 17 , killing all 230 aboard . ''

A.M. Rosenthal reinvented the paper during his tenure from 1977 to 1986 , stealing from Clay Felker 's playbook to explode the Times into a many sectioned national paper .
a.m. rosenthal reinvented the paper during his tenure from 1977 to 1986 , stealing from clay felker 's playbook to [blow up] the times into a many sectioned national paper .

This restless spirit has the power to cause steam vents to erupt and windows to explode in showers of glass .
this restless spirit has the power to cause steam vents to erupt and windows to [blow up] in showers of glass .

David Fincher 's Seven thrust Walker 's worldview into your viscera ; I can still recall that film 's gun battle , set in a long corridor , with its slingshot angles and bullets that seemed to explode beside your head , and the ghastly sight , both riveting and repellent , of a partially flayed , obese corpse , its milky white blubber framing intestines that looked like blue balloons .
david fincher 's seven thrust walker 's worldview into your viscera ; i can still recall that film 's gun battle , set in a long corridor , with its slingshot angles and bullets that seemed to [blow up] beside your head , and the ghastly sight , both riveting and repellent , of a partially flayed , obese corpse , its milky white blubber framing intestines that looked like blue balloons .

Walls and pillars explode around them but the sleek , geometric lines of their bodies never soften .
walls and pillars [blow up] around them but the sleek , geometric lines of their bodies never soften .

There are rockets that defiantly explode before they leave the pad and rockets that spitefully take fences and vegetation with them .
there are rockets that defiantly [blow up] before they leave the pad and rockets that spitefully take fences and vegetation with them .

In the climax , the pair must walk a fraying tightrope between the twin towers of the world 's tallest building ( in Kuala Lumpur ) while millennium fireworks explode around them .
in the climax , the pair must walk a fraying tightrope between the twin towers of the world 's tallest building ( in kuala lumpur ) while millennium fireworks [blow up] around them .

We 're reasonably sure that Slate Explorer wo n't cause your computer to explode , or to charge large sums to your Visa card , or to take up smoking , or to insult a police officer .
we 're reasonably sure that slate explorer wo n't cause your computer to [blow up] , or to charge large sums to your visa card , or to take up smoking , or to insult a police officer .

The piece explains , as does the WP , that the budget deficit projections for 2002 have dropped so much because of the strong economy that it wo n't take much incremental change to balance the budget for that target year , which of course wo n't mean much if the bill 's tax cuts then `` explode in cost down the road . ''
the piece explains , as does the wp , that the budget deficit projections for 2002 have dropped so much because of the strong economy that it wo n't take much incremental change to balance the budget for that target year , which of course wo n't mean much if the bill 's tax cuts then `` [blow up] in cost down the road . ''

This would mean , explains the Times , that Swissair Flight 111 did not explode .
this would mean , explains the times , that swissair flight 111 did not [blow up] .

He could not shake the dread feeling that he and all the others who had been involved in those projects were sitting on a bomb that , sooner or later , would explode in their faces .
he could not shake the dread feeling that he and all the others who had been involved in those projects were sitting on a bomb that , sooner or later , would [blow up] in their faces .

It is the charge that is ignited , not the “ explosion ” ; also , black powder does not explode : it burns .
it is the charge that is ignited , not the “ explosion ” ; also , black powder does not [blow up] : it burns .

