The biggest nuclear device the United States has exploded measured some 15 megatons , although our B-52s are said to be carrying two 20-megaton bombs apiece .
the biggest nuclear device the united states has [blew up] measured some 15 megatons , although our b-52s are said to be carrying two 20-megaton bombs apiece .

He seems to have at least a few 30- and 50-megaton bombs on hand , since we cannot assume that he has exploded his entire stock .
he seems to have at least a few 30- and 50-megaton bombs on hand , since we cannot assume that he has [blew up] his entire stock .

He has gained only one thing -- he has exploded a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to lob it over the shorter intercontinental ranges .
he has gained only one thing -- he has [blew up] a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to lob it over the shorter intercontinental ranges .

The world exploded when Fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom-loving peoples of the Capitalist and Socialist worlds combined forces to stamp Fascist tyranny into cringing submission .
the world [blew up] when fascism challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , freedom-loving peoples of the capitalist and socialist worlds combined forces to stamp fascist tyranny into cringing submission .

Sometimes the fish exploded as they neared the surface because of the difference in pressure .
sometimes the fish [blew up] as they neared the surface because of the difference in pressure .

Mike , off balance , managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it exploded .
mike , off balance , managed to bat the muzzle away a moment before it [blew up] .

He exploded .
he [blew up] .

I found a trooper once the Apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was exploded right out o' their skulls .
i found a trooper once the apache had spread-eagled on an ant hill , and another time we ran across some teamsters they'd caught , tied upside down on their own wagon wheels over little fires until their brains was [blew up] right out o' their skulls .

People out enjoying the first weekend of the season on the Thames , watched helplessly , as the Yorkshire Belle exploded in flames at Radcot Bridge .
people out enjoying the first weekend of the season on the thames , watched helplessly , as the yorkshire belle [blew up] in flames at radcot bridge .

This is the big time … and the guns do n't come much bigger than Liverpool … Swindon were blown apart … Neil Ruddock 's goal midway through the first half lit the fuse … and when Steve McManaman exploded a right footer just before half-time every Town fan must have been fearing the worst …
this is the big time … and the guns do n't come much bigger than liverpool … swindon were blown apart … neil ruddock 's goal midway through the first half lit the fuse … and when steve mcmanaman [blew up] a right footer just before half-time every town fan must have been fearing the worst …

Two of the bombs exploded , causing thousands of pounds worth of damage .
two of the bombs [blew up] , causing thousands of pounds worth of damage .

He was welding on top of a 900 ton oil storage tank which exploded , hurling him 120 feet into a wall .
he was welding on top of a 900 ton oil storage tank which [blew up] , hurling him 120 feet into a wall .

And then in injury time , the game exploded , when Derby defender , Craig Short clearly handled .
and then in injury time , the game [blew up] , when derby defender , craig short clearly handled .

He says that another 5 minutes and many of the cattle would have perished , because the shed they were in exploded into flames .
he says that another 5 minutes and many of the cattle would have perished , because the shed they were in [blew up] into flames .

Shells have exploded in the Bosnian capital Sarajevo near the building where the Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd was meeting the Bosnian president .
shells have [blew up] in the bosnian capital sarajevo near the building where the foreign secretary douglas hurd was meeting the bosnian president .

The use of the designer drug ecstasy exploded in the 90s with the rave .
the use of the designer drug ecstasy [blew up] in the 90s with the rave .

It was difficult to deal with as the boat had no crew.There was danger because gas cylinders had exploded .
it was difficult to deal with as the boat had no crew.there was danger because gas cylinders had [blew up] .

Ennio Marchetto exploded on to the international comedy circuit in 1990 and was hailed as the cult hit of the Edinburgh Festival , since when he has delighted theatre audiences worldwide with his unique and highly-developed show featuring a multitude of paper showbusiness characters .
ennio marchetto [blew up] on to the international comedy circuit in 1990 and was hailed as the cult hit of the edinburgh festival , since when he has delighted theatre audiences worldwide with his unique and highly-developed show featuring a multitude of paper showbusiness characters .

Did n't think it helped he 'd , just before we got there his biro had exploded in his pocket .
did n't think it helped he 'd , just before we got there his biro had [blew up] in his pocket .

They , they , what they 'd been doing was shooting them over and they 'd just had n't been exploded , they said dud shell or something .
they , they , what they 'd been doing was shooting them over and they 'd just had n't been [blew up] , they said dud shell or something .

It exploded .
it [blew up] .

It , it exploded but not in fire .
it , it [blew up] but not in fire .

After the hearing , as the vans taking the boys from the court emerged the crowd exploded with anger .
after the hearing , as the vans taking the boys from the court emerged the crowd [blew up] with anger .

The bomb exploded near the entrance to Downing Street .
the bomb [blew up] near the entrance to downing street .

Mr Samson , in the Barnard Castle-based 223 Field Ambulance Unit , threw a grenade from a trench but it bounced off a wall , rolled back and exploded just six feet away .
mr samson , in the barnard castle-based 223 field ambulance unit , threw a grenade from a trench but it bounced off a wall , rolled back and [blew up] just six feet away .

His injuries would have been worse but for Territorial Army training supervisor Mr Colin Wilberforce , who risked his life to drag Mr Samson away before the grenade exploded .
his injuries would have been worse but for territorial army training supervisor mr colin wilberforce , who risked his life to drag mr samson away before the grenade [blew up] .

Opponents of the party leader say his criticism of the pre-meeting comments to the press as disloyal increased the political temperature which exploded when he pointed out to three executive members that collective responsibility had worked in their favour in past occasions and any comments should be made in private .
opponents of the party leader say his criticism of the pre-meeting comments to the press as disloyal increased the political temperature which [blew up] when he pointed out to three executive members that collective responsibility had worked in their favour in past occasions and any comments should be made in private .

Most people were in their beds when the bomb exploded in the middle-class district of Bowbazaar soon after midnight , police said .
most people were in their beds when the bomb [blew up] in the middle-class district of bowbazaar soon after midnight , police said .

One police officer said he suspected a vast amount of explosive was stockpiled inside one of the buildings and that it exploded due to careless handling .
one police officer said he suspected a vast amount of explosive was stockpiled inside one of the buildings and that it [blew up] due to careless handling .

People in the square outside the museum panicked and ran when the bomb exploded at about 1 pm , shortly before the afternoon rush hour .
people in the square outside the museum panicked and ran when the bomb [blew up] at about 1 pm , shortly before the afternoon rush hour .

He quoted eyewitnesses as saying a man disembarked carrying a suitcase which exploded .
he quoted eyewitnesses as saying a man disembarked carrying a suitcase which [blew up] .

The motorist Mr Barnard Buys , who managed to wriggle free before the car exploded , said : ‘ They kicked me and boxed me .
the motorist mr barnard buys , who managed to wriggle free before the car [blew up] , said : ‘ they kicked me and boxed me .

Police in Cambridge said that the explosion was minor , adding : ‘ To say it exploded is correct but putting it strongly — it apparently fizzed .
police in cambridge said that the explosion was minor , adding : ‘ to say it [blew up] is correct but putting it strongly — it apparently fizzed .

His wife , Rosemary , was sleeping in the room when the bomb exploded , blowing a hole in the floor , but she and three children in the room next door were unhurt .
his wife , rosemary , was sleeping in the room when the bomb [blew up] , blowing a hole in the floor , but she and three children in the room next door were unhurt .

But back came Colleges and after Rigby ( damaged ankle ) had been replaced at prop by Alan Kittle , Wyllie grabbed a loose ball 20 metres out and simply exploded through the visitors ' defence for what proved to be the clinching score , Thomson adding the two points .
but back came colleges and after rigby ( damaged ankle ) had been replaced at prop by alan kittle , wyllie grabbed a loose ball 20 metres out and simply [blew up] through the visitors ' defence for what proved to be the clinching score , thomson adding the two points .

None of the three bombs exploded because the Argentinians were using World War Two propeller bombs which need to be dropped from a great height to detonate .
none of the three bombs [blew up] because the argentinians were using world war two propeller bombs which need to be dropped from a great height to detonate .

‘ An overwhelming flood of intensely bright patterns in supernatural colours exploded behind my eyelids , ’ he wrote .
‘ an overwhelming flood of intensely bright patterns in supernatural colours [blew up] behind my eyelids , ’ he wrote .

Graham Bamford , 48 , from Macclesfield , Cheshire , emptied a can of petrol over himself , flicked a lighter and exploded in flames in London 's Parliament Square as MPs in the nearby House of Commons debated the Bosnia crisis on April 29 .
graham bamford , 48 , from macclesfield , cheshire , emptied a can of petrol over himself , flicked a lighter and [blew up] in flames in london 's parliament square as mps in the nearby house of commons debated the bosnia crisis on april 29 .

Apparently he once had ambitions of becoming a genuine fast bowler , until they were exploded by Don Bradman 's famous 1948 touring team , who hit more than 700 runs off Bailey 's county , Essex , in a single day .
apparently he once had ambitions of becoming a genuine fast bowler , until they were [blew up] by don bradman 's famous 1948 touring team , who hit more than 700 runs off bailey 's county , essex , in a single day .

The seven deny attempting to wound security forces , and causing an explosion and actual bodily harm to a local man , who had to be taken to hospital with head injuries when the coffee jar device exploded .
the seven deny attempting to wound security forces , and causing an explosion and actual bodily harm to a local man , who had to be taken to hospital with head injuries when the coffee jar device [blew up] .

Under attack — actress Liz Kennedy at the moment the device exploded in her face .
under attack — actress liz kennedy at the moment the device [blew up] in her face .

Mr Jones exploded in anger .
mr jones [blew up] in anger .

On occasions , wage pressure exploded in very sharp increases , especially where it had previously been compressed by incomes policies .
on occasions , wage pressure [blew up] in very sharp increases , especially where it had previously been compressed by incomes policies .

The cow exploded did you say ?
the cow [blew up] did you say ?

Yes the cow exploded .
yes the cow [blew up] .

Loyalist terrorists were last night blamed for a parcel bomb which exploded at Post Office headquarters in Belfast .
loyalist terrorists were last night blamed for a parcel bomb which [blew up] at post office headquarters in belfast .

It is thought to have exploded on Saturday night or Sunday morning and caused minor damage .
it is thought to have [blew up] on saturday night or sunday morning and caused minor damage .

David agrees and says America would have exploded if the ‘ truth ’ had been revealed at the time .
david agrees and says america would have [blew up] if the ‘ truth ’ had been revealed at the time .

The second half exploded when Middlesbrough full back Jimmy Phillips and Southend goalkeeper Paul Sansome were sent off in the space of seven minutes .
the second half [blew up] when middlesbrough full back jimmy phillips and southend goalkeeper paul sansome were sent off in the space of seven minutes .

Gary Jones , 29 , strapped the device to the exhaust pipe of Phillip Redmond 's van and when he drove off it exploded .
gary jones , 29 , strapped the device to the exhaust pipe of phillip redmond 's van and when he drove off it [blew up] .

Former soldier Gary Jones , 29 , strapped the device to the exhaust pipe of Phillip Redmond 's van which exploded when he drove off .
former soldier gary jones , 29 , strapped the device to the exhaust pipe of phillip redmond 's van which [blew up] when he drove off .

The privately-owned Hawker Hunter , which was on its way to Merseyside , exploded in a ball of flames when it hit the ground .
the privately-owned hawker hunter , which was on its way to merseyside , [blew up] in a ball of flames when it hit the ground .

Nine panels exploded at the Scottish Exhibition Centre , Glasgow .
nine panels [blew up] at the scottish exhibition centre , glasgow .

And new Manager , Denis Smith , must have exploded at the way his defenders dillied and dallied and never got to the ball on time .
and new manager , denis smith , must have [blew up] at the way his defenders dillied and dallied and never got to the ball on time .

He was given a bundle of notes , but they exploded red security dye onto him as he escaped .
he was given a bundle of notes , but they [blew up] red security dye onto him as he escaped .

Mr Bogle , who suffered from leukaemia , died when a bomb exploded under a booby-trapped piece of wood at a building yard , Belfast Crown Court heard earlier .
mr bogle , who suffered from leukaemia , died when a bomb [blew up] under a booby-trapped piece of wood at a building yard , belfast crown court heard earlier .

Police were still clearing the hotel and nearby homes when the bomb , abandoned in a Volvo car , partly exploded at 1.20am .
police were still clearing the hotel and nearby homes when the bomb , abandoned in a volvo car , partly [blew up] at 1.20am .

The huge device which wrecked the town 's courthouse and surrounding buildings early today , exploded just 19 minutes after a telephone warning , as police were evacuating residents from the area .
the huge device which wrecked the town 's courthouse and surrounding buildings early today , [blew up] just 19 minutes after a telephone warning , as police were evacuating residents from the area .

Security forces had been clearing the area when the bomb exploded .
security forces had been clearing the area when the bomb [blew up] .

The hotel and nearby buildings were still being evacuated when it exploded .
the hotel and nearby buildings were still being evacuated when it [blew up] .

Police were clearing the area when a warning came , just minutes after the bomb exploded .
police were clearing the area when a warning came , just minutes after the bomb [blew up] .

July 6 — 1,500lb bomb exploded in Newtownards .
july 6 — 1,500lb bomb [blew up] in newtownards .

July 11 — 500lb van bomb exploded in Regent Street , Newtownards .
july 11 — 500lb van bomb [blew up] in regent street , newtownards .

August 13 — 250lb car bomb at Barclay restaurant exploded five minutes into 15-minute warning .
august 13 — 250lb car bomb at barclay restaurant [blew up] five minutes into 15-minute warning .

Police were still clearing the area when the bomb exploded five minutes after a telephone warning .
police were still clearing the area when the bomb [blew up] five minutes after a telephone warning .

The no-warning bomb exploded just seconds before the end-of-school bell sounded at nearby Richmond Lodge — now part of Victoria College .
the no-warning bomb [blew up] just seconds before the end-of-school bell sounded at nearby richmond lodge — now part of victoria college .

Ten youngsters and their parents were injured when a rocket failed to take off and exploded among spectators at the firework show in the town park .
ten youngsters and their parents were injured when a rocket failed to take off and [blew up] among spectators at the firework show in the town park .

Five months later a device exploded in the Macdonalds restsurant in the town .
five months later a device [blew up] in the macdonalds restsurant in the town .

Two letterbombs have exploded at the homes of people who work with animals .
two letterbombs have [blew up] at the homes of people who work with animals .

exploded , his head exploded
[blew up] , his head [blew up]

his head exploded
his head [blew up]

It exploded just as Mr Major called in 20 more Tory rebels in another desperate bid to save the Maastricht Bill , and lift the question mark still hanging over his own political future .
it [blew up] just as mr major called in 20 more tory rebels in another desperate bid to save the maastricht bill , and lift the question mark still hanging over his own political future .

‘ One firework somehow went wrong and exploded and a fragment hit the baby .
‘ one firework somehow went wrong and [blew up] and a fragment hit the baby .

But when yesterday 's caller refused to listen to Snelly 's explanation he exploded and said : ‘ You do n't even listen to my show .
but when yesterday 's caller refused to listen to snelly 's explanation he [blew up] and said : ‘ you do n't even listen to my show .

‘ We can all look back and remember how Amstrad took hi-fi to the mass market , how it removed the mystique from the computer and exploded the market . ’
‘ we can all look back and remember how amstrad took hi-fi to the mass market , how it removed the mystique from the computer and [blew up] the market . ’

It has all been a fantastic myth exploded by grim reality .
it has all been a fantastic myth [blew up] by grim reality .

When Everton 's title aspirations exploded at Oxford in 1986 he blamed two misses on a new pair of boots , switching back to his worn favourites and slamming a hat-trick past Southampton !
when everton 's title aspirations [blew up] at oxford in 1986 he blamed two misses on a new pair of boots , switching back to his worn favourites and slamming a hat-trick past southampton !

Indeed , according to Poincaré , when Foch himself expressed doubts about an Allied offensive in 1916 , de Castelnau ‘ exploded ’ with impatience .
indeed , according to poincaré , when foch himself expressed doubts about an allied offensive in 1916 , de castelnau ‘ [blew up] ’ with impatience .

Ed , information technology manager at Courtaulds Aerospace at Woodlands Hills , California , said : ‘ The stadium exploded , it was deafening . ’
ed , information technology manager at courtaulds aerospace at woodlands hills , california , said : ‘ the stadium [blew up] , it was deafening . ’

Exploded .
[blew up] .

Exploded .
[blew up] .

The petrol exploded
the petrol [blew up]

Hansen first heard Hendrix in 1967 , when Jimi exploded onto an unexpecting and often disbelieving public . And it was right at the beginning when the demon took over …
hansen first heard hendrix in 1967 , when jimi [blew up] onto an unexpecting and often disbelieving public . and it was right at the beginning when the demon took over …

Our porn challenges the received myths about our love-making , as Gillian Rodgerson pointed out when she argued that lesbians need to produce their own because ‘ then the myth that all lesbian sex is two women lounging around waiting for a man to join them , might finally be exploded . ’
our porn challenges the received myths about our love-making , as gillian rodgerson pointed out when she argued that lesbians need to produce their own because ‘ then the myth that all lesbian sex is two women lounging around waiting for a man to join them , might finally be [blew up] . ’

Blissett took the ball from Howey , then exploded a right-foot volley that Wright somehow juggled over the crossbar .
blissett took the ball from howey , then [blew up] a right-foot volley that wright somehow juggled over the crossbar .

When Philippines volcano Mount Pinatubo exploded blowing out 20 million tonnes of hot ash into the air it was the signal for a cold , wet , miserable August for Northern Europe a year later , they say .
when philippines volcano mount pinatubo [blew up] blowing out 20 million tonnes of hot ash into the air it was the signal for a cold , wet , miserable august for northern europe a year later , they say .

Suddenly the Trunchbull exploded .
suddenly the trunchbull [blew up] .

‘ My aunt exploded .
‘ my aunt [blew up] .

Doug Laughton 's outfit , with six men making their debuts , had battled into a 12-11 lead soon after half-time when the game exploded in their faces .
doug laughton 's outfit , with six men making their debuts , had battled into a 12-11 lead soon after half-time when the game [blew up] in their faces .

Minutes after the Downing Street meeting ended , the image of unity was exploded .
minutes after the downing street meeting ended , the image of unity was [blew up] .

The first exploded in the chamber of horrors at Tussauds in Baker Street , central London , just after 1am yesterday .
the first [blew up] in the chamber of horrors at tussauds in baker street , central london , just after 1am yesterday .

The Pakistan Airlines Airbus slammed into a mountain and exploded while making the nerve-racking approach to notorious Katmandu airport .
the pakistan airlines airbus slammed into a mountain and [blew up] while making the nerve-racking approach to notorious katmandu airport .

The pilot tried to turn back but the jet exploded and a large fireball ripped into a crowded residential area .
the pilot tried to turn back but the jet [blew up] and a large fireball ripped into a crowded residential area .

The buildings erupted into a towering inferno as the plane , carrying only four people , exploded on impact .
the buildings erupted into a towering inferno as the plane , carrying only four people , [blew up] on impact .

But Flight 1862 , carrying 100 tons of fuel for its five-hour flight to Israel , exploded in a large fireball as it ripped into the flats .
but flight 1862 , carrying 100 tons of fuel for its five-hour flight to israel , [blew up] in a large fireball as it ripped into the flats .

Seconds later , the 400-ton cargo plane exploded in a fireball as it smashed into two blocks of flats — killing all four aboard and several hundred on the ground .
seconds later , the 400-ton cargo plane [blew up] in a fireball as it smashed into two blocks of flats — killing all four aboard and several hundred on the ground .

The bomb exploded as Sarah Godley 's Ford stood outside her home in Westcott , Surrey , at 1am yesterday .
the bomb [blew up] as sarah godley 's ford stood outside her home in westcott , surrey , at 1am yesterday .

Brilliant bio-chemist Jeff Thorp went out with a bang as the rockets exploded at 300ft , scattering his cremated remains in a shower of silver , green and red stars .
brilliant bio-chemist jeff thorp went out with a bang as the rockets [blew up] at 300ft , scattering his cremated remains in a shower of silver , green and red stars .

Svetlana was in deep distress before the bombs exploded .
svetlana was in deep distress before the bombs [blew up] .

Meanwhile , Di and Charles 's private anguish exploded into a slanging match at Craigowan Lodge , a mansion inside the Balmoral estate .
meanwhile , di and charles 's private anguish [blew up] into a slanging match at craigowan lodge , a mansion inside the balmoral estate .

At least 16 people were killed when an artillery shell exploded in a crowded Sarajevo market yesterday .
at least 16 people were killed when an artillery shell [blew up] in a crowded sarajevo market yesterday .

Cameras went wrong , George 's microphone was n't working and we had to start the show again , a light exploded .
cameras went wrong , george 's microphone was n't working and we had to start the show again , a light [blew up] .

as a gastank exploded .
as a gastank [blew up] .

Done it easy , shoved a gun into his mouth and squeezed off a ScumStopper through the roof of his mouth , exploded his brain .
done it easy , shoved a gun into his mouth and squeezed off a scumstopper through the roof of his mouth , [blew up] his brain .

The bullet punched through armour plate , the tank exploded , and the arvee rose up into the air in a whirl of flame .
the bullet punched through armour plate , the tank [blew up] , and the arvee rose up into the air in a whirl of flame .

In a shelter under London , while bombs exploded overhead , she coupled in a frenzy with a dead-faced young woman .
in a shelter under london , while bombs [blew up] overhead , she coupled in a frenzy with a dead-faced young woman .

Crossed his eyes and exploded Old Buck 's head in some quarrel over a high yaller lady , then hit the trail in Buck 's G-Mek convertible .
crossed his eyes and [blew up] old buck 's head in some quarrel over a high yaller lady , then hit the trail in buck 's g-mek convertible .

It exploded in mid-air , and the two riders somersaulted to the sand .
it [blew up] in mid-air , and the two riders somersaulted to the sand .

He was afraid of finding the London bands too good , as if he 'd see a young group with such talent and promise that his own brittle hopes and aspirations would be exploded in a terrifying second of illumination and self-knowledge .
he was afraid of finding the london bands too good , as if he 'd see a young group with such talent and promise that his own brittle hopes and aspirations would be [blew up] in a terrifying second of illumination and self-knowledge .

They set off from the same place but , like pieces of something that had just exploded , they each took a different course across the lawn .
they set off from the same place but , like pieces of something that had just [blew up] , they each took a different course across the lawn .

’ exploded the Old Stager , who never failed to rise to the Van Boy 's bait .
’ [blew up] the old stager , who never failed to rise to the van boy 's bait .

And what more radical initiative in education could be mounted than one which decisively disturbed the traditional partnership between central and local government in the management of education and which exploded once and for all the myth of ‘ the secret garden of the curriculum ’ ?
and what more radical initiative in education could be mounted than one which decisively disturbed the traditional partnership between central and local government in the management of education and which [blew up] once and for all the myth of ‘ the secret garden of the curriculum ’ ?

‘ Oh , God , Mr Newman , ’ the girl exploded .
‘ oh , god , mr newman , ’ the girl [blew up] .

This remarkable pioneer created twelve of these machines , of which eight still survive , the remaining four having been lost in battle or exploded during trial runs .
this remarkable pioneer created twelve of these machines , of which eight still survive , the remaining four having been lost in battle or [blew up] during trial runs .

In past battles Steam Tanks have exploded with spectacular results , but in each case the machine has been meticulously rebuilt .
in past battles steam tanks have [blew up] with spectacular results , but in each case the machine has been meticulously rebuilt .

The Goblin King , Grom the Paunch of Misty Mountain , infamous old Goblin Warlord and Lord of the Crags , was suddenly and unexpectedly struck by what could have been a big rock were it not for the sploshy red stuff that exploded from it , showering the goblin horde .
the goblin king , grom the paunch of misty mountain , infamous old goblin warlord and lord of the crags , was suddenly and unexpectedly struck by what could have been a big rock were it not for the sploshy red stuff that [blew up] from it , showering the goblin horde .

Jan Alexander Taylor and Patrick Thomas Hayes were arrested on Tuesday , hours after police released film of two men caught on security cameras five weeks ago walking along the street near the Knightsbridge store about 30 minutes before a small bomb exploded .
jan alexander taylor and patrick thomas hayes were arrested on tuesday , hours after police released film of two men caught on security cameras five weeks ago walking along the street near the knightsbridge store about 30 minutes before a small bomb [blew up] .

‘ What the hell 's going on ? ’ exploded Perdita .
‘ what the hell 's going on ? ’ [blew up] perdita .

The first two weekends of the 1977 season were for Mario anyway marred by accidents : in Argentina the nose-mounted fire extinguisher exploded , and in Brazil he found himself sitting in a pool of petrol and got out of the car while it was still moving just as his cockpit went up in flames .
the first two weekends of the 1977 season were for mario anyway marred by accidents : in argentina the nose-mounted fire extinguisher [blew up] , and in brazil he found himself sitting in a pool of petrol and got out of the car while it was still moving just as his cockpit went up in flames .

But although this burst of new direction has logically exploded out of Paris , the world 's fashion capital , the energy and creativity emerging from countries with traditionally low fashion profiles is what is truly intriguing and inspiring .
but although this burst of new direction has logically [blew up] out of paris , the world 's fashion capital , the energy and creativity emerging from countries with traditionally low fashion profiles is what is truly intriguing and inspiring .

He told them , ‘ When you 're exploded into the orbit of fame , if you 're not careful you tend to believe your own publicity and then you really invite disaster .
he told them , ‘ when you 're [blew up] into the orbit of fame , if you 're not careful you tend to believe your own publicity and then you really invite disaster .

Manville 's brief memory exploded .
manville 's brief memory [blew up] .

Vologsky suddenly exploded into action .
vologsky suddenly [blew up] into action .

The children viewed him with wary respect , since , in spite of his air of benignity , he frequently exploded when faced with old chewing-gum stuck under the pews , the choir guardedly shooting craps during the sermon , and similar juvenile straying from the path of righteousness .
the children viewed him with wary respect , since , in spite of his air of benignity , he frequently [blew up] when faced with old chewing-gum stuck under the pews , the choir guardedly shooting craps during the sermon , and similar juvenile straying from the path of righteousness .

Since the ‘ second wave ’ of the women 's movement exploded onto the scene on both sides of the Atlantic in the late 1960s , few fields of study have escaped the searching gaze of feminism .
since the ‘ second wave ’ of the women 's movement [blew up] onto the scene on both sides of the atlantic in the late 1960s , few fields of study have escaped the searching gaze of feminism .

The remarkable correlation remained a mystery , because the hedgerow thirty yards ahead of the two horsemen exploded with musket-fire and the Lieutenant 's horse collapsed , shot in the chest .
the remarkable correlation remained a mystery , because the hedgerow thirty yards ahead of the two horsemen [blew up] with musket-fire and the lieutenant 's horse collapsed , shot in the chest .

For a few seconds he was too shocked to speak and Rebecque assumed that the silence merely expressed Sharpe 's horror at being ordered to a ball , but then the Rifleman exploded with his news .
for a few seconds he was too shocked to speak and rebecque assumed that the silence merely expressed sharpe 's horror at being ordered to a ball , but then the rifleman [blew up] with his news .

Birds squawked and exploded out of the crops .
birds squawked and [blew up] out of the crops .

Not that the ball needed an extra medal for , to Lucille , it seemed as though a jewel shop had been exploded into extravagant shards of light and colour .
not that the ball needed an extra medal for , to lucille , it seemed as though a jewel shop had been [blew up] into extravagant shards of light and colour .

The French gunners opened fire again , this time using short-barrelled howitzers that fired shells in a high arc over the heads of their own columns , and which exploded in small dirty gouts of flame and smoke .
the french gunners opened fire again , this time using short-barrelled howitzers that fired shells in a high arc over the heads of their own columns , and which [blew up] in small dirty gouts of flame and smoke .

Two howitzer shells exploded a few paces from his horse , both blasts beginning small fires among the rye .
two howitzer shells [blew up] a few paces from his horse , both blasts beginning small fires among the rye .

‘ Liberal ’ protestantism had done much to recreate an accepted image of the ‘ historical ’ Jesus , even if its theological validity was soon to be exploded .
‘ liberal ’ protestantism had done much to recreate an accepted image of the ‘ historical ’ jesus , even if its theological validity was soon to be [blew up] .

These exploded in the face of the mob .
these [blew up] in the face of the mob .

Some data screens exploded .
some data screens [blew up] .

Then the monstrous green body exploded like a balloon of filth , spattering the walls of the cavern and the cages of the cowering young prisoners — the last time he/she would set a mark upon them .
then the monstrous green body [blew up] like a balloon of filth , spattering the walls of the cavern and the cages of the cowering young prisoners — the last time he/she would set a mark upon them .

Suddenly , one of the rockets shot off in the wrong direction , dived on the crowd and exploded among them .
suddenly , one of the rockets shot off in the wrong direction , dived on the crowd and [blew up] among them .

The children 's lawyer , Terrill Corley , told a jury in Creek County , Oklahoma , Bic lighters sometimes failed to extinguish and exploded because of butane gas overheating .
the children 's lawyer , terrill corley , told a jury in creek county , oklahoma , bic lighters sometimes failed to extinguish and [blew up] because of butane gas overheating .

The vapour exploded and a huge fireball ripped through the maisonette .
the vapour [blew up] and a huge fireball ripped through the maisonette .

The silenced shot exploded upwards towards Liz Spalding as her own shot thundered through the house .
the silenced shot [blew up] upwards towards liz spalding as her own shot thundered through the house .

It exploded from just inside the Springbok 22 and Oosthuysen raced three-quarters the length of the pitch with Steve Hackney closing on him every second .
it [blew up] from just inside the springbok 22 and oosthuysen raced three-quarters the length of the pitch with steve hackney closing on him every second .

The game exploded into life very much as it had done in Glasgow .
the game [blew up] into life very much as it had done in glasgow .

Five people were killed when a bomb exploded close to the hotel where New Zealand 's cricketers were staying — and the shocked Kiwis promptly called off their tour .
five people were killed when a bomb [blew up] close to the hotel where new zealand 's cricketers were staying — and the shocked kiwis promptly called off their tour .

At last she found her voice , and her lungs exploded in a scream that could be heard even above the noise of the London street .
at last she found her voice , and her lungs [blew up] in a scream that could be heard even above the noise of the london street .

’ Nora exploded .
’ nora [blew up] .

It seemed to Constance that the room exploded with noise .
it seemed to constance that the room [blew up] with noise .

The bomb-shell exploded when it added that those sixty-six coupons must last for a whole year .
the bomb-shell [blew up] when it added that those sixty-six coupons must last for a whole year .

’ Vi exploded .
’ vi [blew up] .

One is that a comparatively nearby star in our Galaxy exploded as a supernova , shining millions of times more brightly than usual .
one is that a comparatively nearby star in our galaxy [blew up] as a supernova , shining millions of times more brightly than usual .

The obvious conclusion is that , at some moment in the far past , the Universe was compacted into a very small volume — the ‘ cosmic egg ’ — and then exploded in a ‘ Big Bang ’ .
the obvious conclusion is that , at some moment in the far past , the universe was compacted into a very small volume — the ‘ cosmic egg ’ — and then [blew up] in a ‘ big bang ’ .

Conversely , if the egg had just popped into existence and then exploded , what could explain this bizarre event ?
conversely , if the egg had just popped into existence and then [blew up] , what could explain this bizarre event ?

Allen has not seen his adopted daughter since the allegations of child molesting exploded in August and is only allowed to see his natural son , four-year-old Satchel , twice a week while the custody battle continues .
allen has not seen his adopted daughter since the allegations of child molesting [blew up] in august and is only allowed to see his natural son , four-year-old satchel , twice a week while the custody battle continues .

He opened his mouth to shout at the Thing , and the walls exploded .
he opened his mouth to shout at the thing , and the walls [blew up] .

Exchange controls were completely removed in 1978 , and since then offshore financial activities have exploded — Singapore is now the fourth largest centre for foreign exchange trading in the world .
exchange controls were completely removed in 1978 , and since then offshore financial activities have [blew up] — singapore is now the fourth largest centre for foreign exchange trading in the world .

‘ The right wing hit the ground , the plane flipped over and then exploded . ’
‘ the right wing hit the ground , the plane flipped over and then [blew up] . ’

He was hit as three shells exploded five yards from his armoured vehicle .
he was hit as three shells [blew up] five yards from his armoured vehicle .

The dispute exploded once before in 1990 , when about 1,000 people died after Hindus stormed the building .
the dispute [blew up] once before in 1990 , when about 1,000 people died after hindus stormed the building .

Blore , quoting Butcher , states that ‘ the learning of the Heathens flourished there , until Lucius King of the Britains , about the year 192 , … exploded the profession of heathen philosophy ’ and converted the university to Christianity .
blore , quoting butcher , states that ‘ the learning of the heathens flourished there , until lucius king of the britains , about the year 192 , … [blew up] the profession of heathen philosophy ’ and converted the university to christianity .

The Renaissance certainty had been exploded by Copernicus , Kant , the French Revolution .
the renaissance certainty had been [blew up] by copernicus , kant , the french revolution .

In 1381 , the depressed peasantry exploded in revolt , appealing with singular naivety to the king for help .
in 1381 , the depressed peasantry [blew up] in revolt , appealing with singular naivety to the king for help .

The small bomb exploded inside Hampstead station , north London , a few minutes before 5pm .
the small bomb [blew up] inside hampstead station , north london , a few minutes before 5pm .

At the height of the rush hour , when the streets were at their very busiest , two terrorist bombs exploded bringing the city of Manchester to a standstill and injuring 64 innocent people .
at the height of the rush hour , when the streets were at their very busiest , two terrorist bombs [blew up] bringing the city of manchester to a standstill and injuring 64 innocent people .

Solicitor David Gamble was arriving for work when the first bomb exploded .
solicitor david gamble was arriving for work when the first bomb [blew up] .

Some survivors complained they were being herded towards the site of the second bomb and were only 50ft away when it exploded .
some survivors complained they were being herded towards the site of the second bomb and were only 50ft away when it [blew up] .

She was being shepherded to safety by police after the first blast when the second bomb exploded just 50 ft away .
she was being shepherded to safety by police after the first blast when the second bomb [blew up] just 50 ft away .

Amazingly only 11 people were injured — including five police officers — when the bombs exploded within five minutes of each other .
amazingly only 11 people were injured — including five police officers — when the bombs [blew up] within five minutes of each other .

As they began to rush out of the shops , the bombs exploded .
as they began to rush out of the shops , the bombs [blew up] .

The double explosion came just a few hours after a bomb exploded at Woodside Park tube station .
the double explosion came just a few hours after a bomb [blew up] at woodside park tube station .

Neighbours heard Claire screaming ‘ Robert , Robert ’ seconds before the windows of their terraced house exploded in the searing heat .
neighbours heard claire screaming ‘ robert , robert ’ seconds before the windows of their terraced house [blew up] in the searing heat .

The second exploded a few minutes later in a wastebin in Cavendish Square , where the store 's 1,500 staff usually gather during safety drills .
the second [blew up] a few minutes later in a wastebin in cavendish square , where the store 's 1,500 staff usually gather during safety drills .

Suddenly , all the pent-up hatred , the anger , the humilation exploded .
suddenly , all the pent-up hatred , the anger , the humilation [blew up] .

An established order of seeing , of understanding , of ruling , is simply exploded — the Modernist spirit asserts itself .
an established order of seeing , of understanding , of ruling , is simply [blew up] — the modernist spirit asserts itself .

In March 1965 a small bolide travelling at 15° exploded 30km above Revelstoke , Canada , with an energy in the tens of kiloton range .
in march 1965 a small bolide travelling at 15° [blew up] 30km above revelstoke , canada , with an energy in the tens of kiloton range .

The Kincardine and College objects exploded over Ontario in 1966 and Alaska in 1969 , respectively , each at altitudes just over 60km .
the kincardine and college objects [blew up] over ontario in 1966 and alaska in 1969 , respectively , each at altitudes just over 60km .

His ban on assault weapons was helped no end by the fact that in February , in the midst of the floor fight in the legislature , a terrorist 's bomb exploded in the World Trade Centre in New York .
his ban on assault weapons was helped no end by the fact that in february , in the midst of the floor fight in the legislature , a terrorist 's bomb [blew up] in the world trade centre in new york .

Any other time , McEnroe would have exploded into a torrent of abuse , but this time he just walked away .
any other time , mcenroe would have [blew up] into a torrent of abuse , but this time he just walked away .

At last Leo exploded .
at last leo [blew up] .

Sister suddenly spotted the pair and exploded .
sister suddenly spotted the pair and [blew up] .

Canonisation of artists has exploded : whereas in the last century you worshipped either Rubens or Botticelli , depending on your aesthetic credo , now it is legitimate to worship Gerome as well as Manet , while putting them on the same altar as living legends like Schnabel , Kiefer and Koons .
canonisation of artists has [blew up] : whereas in the last century you worshipped either rubens or botticelli , depending on your aesthetic credo , now it is legitimate to worship gerome as well as manet , while putting them on the same altar as living legends like schnabel , kiefer and koons .

this either means that a lot of it is rubbish or it 's so blinking brilliant They could n't show the lot lest our brains exploded with pleasure .
this either means that a lot of it is rubbish or it 's so blinking brilliant they could n't show the lot lest our brains [blew up] with pleasure .

Ella exploded into shrieks , and her brothers roared with laughter .
ella [blew up] into shrieks , and her brothers roared with laughter .

Though Dan 's notes read ‘ another malfunction ’ , ‘ very accurate flak ’ , ‘ Capt Rumsey 's plane exploded ’ ‘ Intense flak over city ’ , when pressed for details Dan replies ‘ Not really much to tell .
though dan 's notes read ‘ another malfunction ’ , ‘ very accurate flak ’ , ‘ capt rumsey 's plane [blew up] ’ ‘ intense flak over city ’ , when pressed for details dan replies ‘ not really much to tell .

When the target area was reached , and the bombload dropped , the tail gunner had the task of counting each bomb flash to ensure that all of the bombs had exploded .
when the target area was reached , and the bombload dropped , the tail gunner had the task of counting each bomb flash to ensure that all of the bombs had [blew up] .

There was no torpedo on board when the aircraft crashed — no unexploded torpedo was found by the French , if the torpedo had exploded there would have been a tremendous explosion and the aircraft would have been totally destroyed .
there was no torpedo on board when the aircraft crashed — no unexploded torpedo was found by the french , if the torpedo had [blew up] there would have been a tremendous explosion and the aircraft would have been totally destroyed .

Norman , an aggressive nine year old , exploded at a boy walking in front of him who had thoughtlessly trodden on a painting which had fallen onto the floor .
norman , an aggressive nine year old , [blew up] at a boy walking in front of him who had thoughtlessly trodden on a painting which had fallen onto the floor .

The soft glow of the Enlightenment was merely the surface heat of a great fire that exploded in the volcanic fury of the French Revolution .
the soft glow of the enlightenment was merely the surface heat of a great fire that [blew up] in the volcanic fury of the french revolution .

Algy Forrester , something of a fire-eater , stormed on , reaching the hotel , now the centre of German resistance , where he was about to throw a grenade when a shot from the hotel knocked him down and he fell on his own grenade , which exploded to kill him .
algy forrester , something of a fire-eater , stormed on , reaching the hotel , now the centre of german resistance , where he was about to throw a grenade when a shot from the hotel knocked him down and he fell on his own grenade , which [blew up] to kill him .

This squad also exploded a store of mines which the Germans had not laid behind the beach — an extraordinary piece of dilatoriness for them , although they were probably complacent , in part at least , because their propaganda had written off the British .
this squad also [blew up] a store of mines which the germans had not laid behind the beach — an extraordinary piece of dilatoriness for them , although they were probably complacent , in part at least , because their propaganda had written off the british .

On Monday the docks were re-opened and the stevedores were at work when Micky Wynn 's first torpedo exploded at 1600 hours ; an hour later the second one went off .
on monday the docks were re-opened and the stevedores were at work when micky wynn 's first torpedo [blew up] at 1600 hours ; an hour later the second one went off .

In Spain , civil war exploded in 1936 owing to the roughly equal popular support commanded by the two sides , the rebels ' failure to achieve a swift victory , the Republic 's arming of the union militias , and — crucially — the fascist powers ' intervention on the Nationalists ' side .
in spain , civil war [blew up] in 1936 owing to the roughly equal popular support commanded by the two sides , the rebels ' failure to achieve a swift victory , the republic 's arming of the union militias , and — crucially — the fascist powers ' intervention on the nationalists ' side .

Unless the barrel exploded .
unless the barrel [blew up] .

Abruptly one slanted eye exploded .
abruptly one slanted eye [blew up] .

Past his eyes exploded the boots and ankles and shins of the big man sweeping towards the doorway of the compartment .
past his eyes [blew up] the boots and ankles and shins of the big man sweeping towards the doorway of the compartment .

‘ My fire exploded . ’
‘ my fire [blew up] . ’

Gazzer aimed his headbutt , and the stranger moved ; he tilted his own head and Gazzer 's brains exploded .
gazzer aimed his headbutt , and the stranger moved ; he tilted his own head and gazzer 's brains [blew up] .

’ He blew a bubble which exploded like a fart .
’ he blew a bubble which [blew up] like a fart .

Melanie had tried to fill the bath from it only once and then it had exploded with such ferocity that the toothbrushes leapt and quivered in the rack and Uncle Philip 's toothglass had taken a suicide jump from the shelf and bounced on the floor , fortunately without breaking .
melanie had tried to fill the bath from it only once and then it had [blew up] with such ferocity that the toothbrushes leapt and quivered in the rack and uncle philip 's toothglass had taken a suicide jump from the shelf and bounced on the floor , fortunately without breaking .

Her black hair exploded about her head in great Art Nouveau ripples .
her black hair [blew up] about her head in great art nouveau ripples .

They exploded in fizzy blasts against the rocks .
they [blew up] in fizzy blasts against the rocks .

It glittered eerily for a second and exploded , forming a cloud of tinsel .
it glittered eerily for a second and [blew up] , forming a cloud of tinsel .

He exploded .
he [blew up] .

Silently Joshua returned his stare , then made what sounded like a snort which quickly became a chuckle until finally he exploded into outright laughter .
silently joshua returned his stare , then made what sounded like a snort which quickly became a chuckle until finally he [blew up] into outright laughter .

Rosie had been the result of one reckless moment of love between Moira and Mary 's husband , Patrick O'Dell ; an occasion never repeated and best forgotten — until twenty years later , when the shocking news exploded like a time-bomb .
rosie had been the result of one reckless moment of love between moira and mary 's husband , patrick o'dell ; an occasion never repeated and best forgotten — until twenty years later , when the shocking news [blew up] like a time-bomb .

Con exploded .
con [blew up] .

Huw slipped and fell under the rain of blows , and pain exploded in his skull — and then the miracle happened .
huw slipped and fell under the rain of blows , and pain [blew up] in his skull — and then the miracle happened .

’ The words exploded from him .
’ the words [blew up] from him .

‘ This tiff is escalating to a ridiculous degree ! ’ Miranda exploded . ‘ Adam says the trust is going to be irrevocable , so for heaven 's sake , think ahead , for when Joshua goes to Eton — ‘
‘ this tiff is escalating to a ridiculous degree ! ’ miranda [blew up] . ‘ adam says the trust is going to be irrevocable , so for heaven 's sake , think ahead , for when joshua goes to eton — ‘

‘ How on earth did they get hold of this ? ’ she exploded .
‘ how on earth did they get hold of this ? ’ she [blew up] .

It was provincial workers who exploded into action as trade revived .
it was provincial workers who [blew up] into action as trade revived .

The position of each piece in space can be disturbed slightly or grossly to give , respectively , either positional tolerance checking or exploded views .
the position of each piece in space can be disturbed slightly or grossly to give , respectively , either positional tolerance checking or [blew up] views .

The two parts have subsequently been re-assembled in an exploded relationship ( shown in Figure 6.24 ) .
the two parts have subsequently been re-assembled in an [blew up] relationship ( shown in figure 6.24 ) .

Once , they exploded with a sound so terrifying that it brought all of us below instantly out on to the rain-drenched deck .
once , they [blew up] with a sound so terrifying that it brought all of us below instantly out on to the rain-drenched deck .

At that moment a clap of thunder exploded directly overhead as the storm burst and rain began beating noisily against the outside of the house .
at that moment a clap of thunder [blew up] directly overhead as the storm burst and rain began beating noisily against the outside of the house .

straight across the dividing wall and exploded .
straight across the dividing wall and [blew up] .

which exploded . They
which [blew up] . they

My mind exploded .
my mind [blew up] .

The little animal exploded .
the little animal [blew up] .

Miloš exploded with anger when the letter was read out to him .
miloš [blew up] with anger when the letter was read out to him .

Suddenly he exploded , yelled at the porter to buzz off , and broke union regulations by pushing the children 's luggage himself to the two West Indian women who were meeting them .
suddenly he [blew up] , yelled at the porter to buzz off , and broke union regulations by pushing the children 's luggage himself to the two west indian women who were meeting them .

Returning to the main cavern at a dead run , Ace threw herself to the side as a cluster of boxes not far off exploded with a sharp blast , hurling several of the defenders into he oily waters .
returning to the main cavern at a dead run , ace threw herself to the side as a cluster of boxes not far off [blew up] with a sharp blast , hurling several of the defenders into he oily waters .

Small blooms of fire exploded all around the sandbagged post and the steel door , the defenders huddling down for cover .
small blooms of fire [blew up] all around the sandbagged post and the steel door , the defenders huddling down for cover .

The grenades exploded sharply , the heated fragments of their steel casings ripping through the fleeing bodies , sending them sprawling in pools of blood .
the grenades [blew up] sharply , the heated fragments of their steel casings ripping through the fleeing bodies , sending them sprawling in pools of blood .

Someone threw a stick grenade into the middle of the Marine column , which exploded to put half a dozen men out of action , though Ace was too far away to tell whether they were dead or wounded .
someone threw a stick grenade into the middle of the marine column , which [blew up] to put half a dozen men out of action , though ace was too far away to tell whether they were dead or wounded .

It exploded as he hit the water , sending a geyser of water and blood into the air .
it [blew up] as he hit the water , sending a geyser of water and blood into the air .

The barest instant after he was free , a tongue of flame blasted out of the cave at his heels , and pieces of the higher slopes disappeared inwards as flames and gouts of smoke exploded out of the weaker points of the mountain .
the barest instant after he was free , a tongue of flame blasted out of the cave at his heels , and pieces of the higher slopes disappeared inwards as flames and gouts of smoke [blew up] out of the weaker points of the mountain .

Rostov 's breath exploded in a shout as he parried .
rostov 's breath [blew up] in a shout as he parried .

The hatch bolts exploded in rapid-fire sequence , and at once Rostov forced both arms up to chest level and punched them forward , tearing the extruded foam casing .
the hatch bolts [blew up] in rapid-fire sequence , and at once rostov forced both arms up to chest level and punched them forward , tearing the extruded foam casing .

The men 's anger exploded after the doctor left the house , and they accused Silver of trying to make a separate peace for himself .
the men 's anger [blew up] after the doctor left the house , and they accused silver of trying to make a separate peace for himself .

As an author , he exploded at Mr Pascall for suggesting that the lists would make sure that children read ‘ suitable ’ books : ‘ What is suitable ?
as an author , he [blew up] at mr pascall for suggesting that the lists would make sure that children read ‘ suitable ’ books : ‘ what is suitable ?

till they exploded . ( The first to blow
till they [blew up] . ( the first to blow

s This sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in French society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only exploded the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .
s this sudden explosion of the public into the private domain after 1914 , the inevitable result of profound structural changes in french society set in motion in the late nineteenth century , not only [blew up] the myth of an unchanging , clearly delineated set of social actors operating in a stable social environment , but also undermined the credibility of any attempt to separate the social from the psychological in the portrayal of individual characters .

Flashes of light exploded around him as he ran .
flashes of light [blew up] around him as he ran .

The building 's roof exploded , sending rays of ruddy light to gild the bulging bottoms of the clouds .
the building 's roof [blew up] , sending rays of ruddy light to gild the bulging bottoms of the clouds .

Lousy shots , Bernice thought , as her first well-aimed burst exploded in the torso of one of the droids .
lousy shots , bernice thought , as her first well-aimed burst [blew up] in the torso of one of the droids .

Suddenly an astonishingly loud eruption of staccato notes exploded from willow scrub at the edge of the path .
suddenly an astonishingly loud eruption of staccato notes [blew up] from willow scrub at the edge of the path .

But he was n't hopping when the Liberator exploded .
but he was n't hopping when the liberator [blew up] .

The letter was from Bunny 's father , telling of a bomb that had exploded in the garden .
the letter was from bunny 's father , telling of a bomb that had [blew up] in the garden .

‘ Gravity what ? ’ Gedanken exploded in disbelief . ‘ In our space — our three-dimensional space … ? ’
‘ gravity what ? ’ gedanken [blew up] in disbelief . ‘ in our space — our three-dimensional space … ? ’

‘ You must be joking ! ’ she exploded — but she could n't help smiling to herself .
‘ you must be joking ! ’ she [blew up] — but she could n't help smiling to herself .

‘ If this interest be not determinable so long as the tenant complies with the terms of the agreement , it would operate as an estate for life ; which can only be created by deed … The notion of a tenancy from year to year , the lessor binding himself not to give notice to quit , which was once thrown out by Lord Mansfield , has been long exploded .
‘ if this interest be not determinable so long as the tenant complies with the terms of the agreement , it would operate as an estate for life ; which can only be created by deed … the notion of a tenancy from year to year , the lessor binding himself not to give notice to quit , which was once thrown out by lord mansfield , has been long [blew up] .

The place exploded .
the place [blew up] .

And right now the drama exploded back into her mind , in vividly awful detail …
and right now the drama [blew up] back into her mind , in vividly awful detail …

Then the hate inside him exploded , and like a wild animal , he ran towards Basil , and dug the knife into the artist 's neck , again and again and again .
then the hate inside him [blew up] , and like a wild animal , he ran towards basil , and dug the knife into the artist 's neck , again and again and again .

Three bottles had exploded off their tops and there were wine stains on the walls .
three bottles had [blew up] off their tops and there were wine stains on the walls .

The sun exploded into whiteness and the muddy grass turned to sand so fine that he sank in it ankle-deep as he ran .
the sun [blew up] into whiteness and the muddy grass turned to sand so fine that he sank in it ankle-deep as he ran .

‘ For God 's sake , Dalziel ! ’ exploded Connon . ‘ Can we cut the expert critical review and get on with the job of finding out where Jenny is ! ’
‘ for god 's sake , dalziel ! ’ [blew up] connon . ‘ can we cut the expert critical review and get on with the job of finding out where jenny is ! ’

And then he had turned his head and seen that Grainne was watching him , and a sudden , surprised joy unfolded within his heart , for there was such desire in her eyes that lights exploded inside his head , and he wanted to stand still and savour the moment .
and then he had turned his head and seen that grainne was watching him , and a sudden , surprised joy unfolded within his heart , for there was such desire in her eyes that lights [blew up] inside his head , and he wanted to stand still and savour the moment .

She clung to him , and his mouth found hers , and she tasted as fresh and as new as the morning , and desire had exploded within him , and he thought that after all he had been wrong : once would never be sufficient , he wanted her for always , he wanted to be with her , to share everything with her .
she clung to him , and his mouth found hers , and she tasted as fresh and as new as the morning , and desire had [blew up] within him , and he thought that after all he had been wrong : once would never be sufficient , he wanted her for always , he wanted to be with her , to share everything with her .

His incompletely assembled weapon exploded , smothering his head , arms and shoulders in a mass of flames .
his incompletely assembled weapon [blew up] , smothering his head , arms and shoulders in a mass of flames .

With a tremendous crash , the centre of the door exploded inwards .
with a tremendous crash , the centre of the door [blew up] inwards .

Firstly , the United States economic system was shown to be far from invincible : the myth of the Great American Dream was , if not exploded , at least undermined .
firstly , the united states economic system was shown to be far from invincible : the myth of the great american dream was , if not [blew up] , at least undermined .

What was she doing on Noah 's mountain alongside a pilgrim turned fanatic and a bearded peasant with whom she could not communicate , while the rock below them exploded like the gunpowder they had brought to ingratiate themselves with the local chieftains ?
what was she doing on noah 's mountain alongside a pilgrim turned fanatic and a bearded peasant with whom she could not communicate , while the rock below them [blew up] like the gunpowder they had brought to ingratiate themselves with the local chieftains ?

Blanche winced as a cameraman 's flash exploded in front of her .
blanche winced as a cameraman 's flash [blew up] in front of her .

Dexter moved his chair over the kitchen tiles causing a squeak that exploded round the kitchen .
dexter moved his chair over the kitchen tiles causing a squeak that [blew up] round the kitchen .

Experts have exploded the old wives ' myth that , if he decided to play away , there must have been something wrong with the relationship in the first place .
experts have [blew up] the old wives ' myth that , if he decided to play away , there must have been something wrong with the relationship in the first place .

Lucy , who had her first baby , Oliver , three months ago , is still reeling from the impact of the blazing row that exploded when she and her husband drew up their will .
lucy , who had her first baby , oliver , three months ago , is still reeling from the impact of the blazing row that [blew up] when she and her husband drew up their will .

Do you remember what you were doing when the Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded on April 26 1986 ?
do you remember what you were doing when the chernobyl nuclear reactor [blew up] on april 26 1986 ?

Her father , a driver , was sent to Chernobyl for six months when the plant exploded .
her father , a driver , was sent to chernobyl for six months when the plant [blew up] .

’ exploded Louise .
’ [blew up] louise .

‘ All right , ’ Reynolds exploded , ‘ stuff your fucking money . But you 've got to take the parcel off me ! ’
‘ all right , ’ reynolds [blew up] , ‘ stuff your fucking money . but you 've got to take the parcel off me ! ’

The world exploded into popping blue circles as his irises clamped shut and his retinas screamed with the shock , like somebody who 'd dived into Caribbean waters and found them as cold as Arctic slush .
the world [blew up] into popping blue circles as his irises clamped shut and his retinas screamed with the shock , like somebody who 'd dived into caribbean waters and found them as cold as arctic slush .

Frick was getting restless once again when the place simply exploded into action .
frick was getting restless once again when the place simply [blew up] into action .

Then the grenade exploded , tore the doors apart some two metres , enough for a man to get through , but not the Jeep .
then the grenade [blew up] , tore the doors apart some two metres , enough for a man to get through , but not the jeep .

As the fumes spread , they were ignited by the flaming rag and exploded .
as the fumes spread , they were ignited by the flaming rag and [blew up] .

Adam crawled out of the Audi , grabbed Billie and ran with her before the petrol tanks exploded .
adam crawled out of the audi , grabbed billie and ran with her before the petrol tanks [blew up] .

Now , resentment exploded in Cardiff as he rounded on Rohmer .
now , resentment [blew up] in cardiff as he rounded on rohmer .

And then something exploded outside .
and then something [blew up] outside .

Something that exploded with a sound of rending metal and shattering glass .
something that [blew up] with a sound of rending metal and shattering glass .

There was a ruined tangle of what seemed to be exploded machinery lying where the police cordon had been ; a jumble of twisted wreckage wreathed in guttering blue-yellow flame which suggested petrol leakage .
there was a ruined tangle of what seemed to be [blew up] machinery lying where the police cordon had been ; a jumble of twisted wreckage wreathed in guttering blue-yellow flame which suggested petrol leakage .

The car seemed to have been driven directly at that cordon , where it had exploded .
the car seemed to have been driven directly at that cordon , where it had [blew up] .

Continually frustrated in his attempts to get past Cardiff , Gilbert exploded in rage .
continually frustrated in his attempts to get past cardiff , gilbert [blew up] in rage .

It was the same burned face that he had seen behind the wheel of that exploded car in the office-block forecourt .
it was the same burned face that he had seen behind the wheel of that [blew up] car in the office-block forecourt .

And in the next instant , the glass reception doors exploded inwards .
and in the next instant , the glass reception doors [blew up] inwards .

Glass exploded and shattered all around it as the storm wind and rain blasted down the corridor at them .
glass [blew up] and shattered all around it as the storm wind and rain blasted down the corridor at them .

Darkfall thunder exploded in the office block .
darkfall thunder [blew up] in the office block .

And then the window exploded outwards behind Duvall into the Darkfall .
and then the window [blew up] outwards behind duvall into the darkfall .

Glass exploded all around them .
glass [blew up] all around them .

Gilbert shrieked when the strip light directly above them exploded , and sparks rained down on their heads .
gilbert shrieked when the strip light directly above them [blew up] , and sparks rained down on their heads .

Another strip light exploded in the roaring maelstrom , showering them with glass .
another strip light [blew up] in the roaring maelstrom , showering them with glass .

Beyond the windows , the night exploded .
beyond the windows , the night [blew up] .

Cracks zig-zagged from floor to ceiling , chunks of plaster fell in spattering clouds from the walls and three more windows exploded inwards .
cracks zig-zagged from floor to ceiling , chunks of plaster fell in spattering clouds from the walls and three more windows [blew up] inwards .

’ shouted Rohmer into the storm , taking a step towards one of the exploded windows , still holding Gilbert 's wrist and dragging him off balance as he moved .
’ shouted rohmer into the storm , taking a step towards one of the [blew up] windows , still holding gilbert 's wrist and dragging him off balance as he moved .

Darkfall exploded in the skies .
darkfall [blew up] in the skies .

The Darkfall exploded in the skies beyond the windows .
the darkfall [blew up] in the skies beyond the windows .

The thing staggered on the stairs as a slab of plaster from above exploded on its shoulders , shrouding it in a cloud of dust .
the thing staggered on the stairs as a slab of plaster from above [blew up] on its shoulders , shrouding it in a cloud of dust .

More plaster chunks exploded in the thing 's face and it staggered back again , lashing out .
more plaster chunks [blew up] in the thing 's face and it staggered back again , lashing out .

Below , something exploded with an echoing crash .
below , something [blew up] with an echoing crash .

Every cliche she had held had been exploded by her visit .
every cliche she had held had been [blew up] by her visit .

The small bulb inside exploded into life , displaying his clothes .
the small bulb inside [blew up] into life , displaying his clothes .

The glass exploded outwards and rain suddenly came pouring in through the hole .
the glass [blew up] outwards and rain suddenly came pouring in through the hole .

The 9mm slug exploded one of the Orion 's headlights , smashing the housing and causing Farrell to jump back and seek cover behind the vehicle .
the 9mm slug [blew up] one of the orion 's headlights , smashing the housing and causing farrell to jump back and seek cover behind the vehicle .

There was no attempt to hide the grief ; it exploded , raw and naked .
there was no attempt to hide the grief ; it [blew up] , raw and naked .

Even in the Lockerbie disaster , where a plane exploded in mid-air , and many bodies could only be pieced together in fragments , relatives came from the other side of the world searching for something , anything that gave a focus to their grief and over which they could weep .
even in the lockerbie disaster , where a plane [blew up] in mid-air , and many bodies could only be pieced together in fragments , relatives came from the other side of the world searching for something , anything that gave a focus to their grief and over which they could weep .

Yet he and his companions were creeping towards the stockade 's turret , where one of the guns exploded , when they were spotted ; one shot picked out the young man next to Dulé .
yet he and his companions were creeping towards the stockade 's turret , where one of the guns [blew up] , when they were spotted ; one shot picked out the young man next to dulé .

Precisely because others have conducted research in the past , and knowledge has ‘ exploded ’ , the opportunities for the development of the student 's mind have grown and widened .
precisely because others have conducted research in the past , and knowledge has ‘ [blew up] ’ , the opportunities for the development of the student 's mind have grown and widened .

Gobbets of pinkish-grey matter exploded from the exit wound below the right shoulder blade .
gobbets of pinkish-grey matter [blew up] from the exit wound below the right shoulder blade .

While trying to convince myself how ridiculous this thought was , the turret lit up like a flash-bulb and exploded , or seemed to .
while trying to convince myself how ridiculous this thought was , the turret lit up like a flash-bulb and [blew up] , or seemed to .

One method was simply to set fire to a ‘ train ' of gunpowder leading to the charge itself , the length of the train corresponding roughly to the time delay before the charge exploded ; a later method involved a kind of fuse of goose quills filled with gunpowder .
one method was simply to set fire to a ‘ train ' of gunpowder leading to the charge itself , the length of the train corresponding roughly to the time delay before the charge [blew up] ; a later method involved a kind of fuse of goose quills filled with gunpowder .

At the storming of this fortress on 19 January he was blown up at the head of his brigade when a French magazine exploded , killing 108 men .
at the storming of this fortress on 19 january he was blown up at the head of his brigade when a french magazine [blew up] , killing 108 men .

That old fallacy of Father Kipling 's had been exploded long ago , and should never have been taken seriously in any case .
that old fallacy of father kipling 's had been [blew up] long ago , and should never have been taken seriously in any case .

He exploded through the surface , gasping for air , and saw his phantom ship drawing away , already beyond swimming distance , shivering like a reflection in rippled water .
he [blew up] through the surface , gasping for air , and saw his phantom ship drawing away , already beyond swimming distance , shivering like a reflection in rippled water .

The lion exploded in a puff of white dust .
the lion [blew up] in a puff of white dust .

Her brain burst as the neck-shaft speared through it and exploded from the top of her head .
her brain burst as the neck-shaft speared through it and [blew up] from the top of her head .

’ Cashman exploded .
’ cashman [blew up] .

It had indeed been thought that the climate was too severe for wheat to grow further north , but the richness of the soil there , the abundance of river and lake water , and the intensity of the short summer soon exploded this theory .
it had indeed been thought that the climate was too severe for wheat to grow further north , but the richness of the soil there , the abundance of river and lake water , and the intensity of the short summer soon [blew up] this theory .

Cleo instinctively cringed , not wishing to have any contact with the vessel , but before the bottle reached its target , it exploded .
cleo instinctively cringed , not wishing to have any contact with the vessel , but before the bottle reached its target , it [blew up] .

The first fireworks exploded and the Wheel was almost enveloped in flame while the air was filled with a mixture of smells — paraffin , sooty smoke from the straw and cordite from the fireworks .
the first fireworks [blew up] and the wheel was almost enveloped in flame while the air was filled with a mixture of smells — paraffin , sooty smoke from the straw and cordite from the fireworks .

It exploded in Joe 's head like a grenade , yet another battering shock to add to the effects that had gone before .
it [blew up] in joe 's head like a grenade , yet another battering shock to add to the effects that had gone before .

’ The thumping Fife accent of Professor Bob Craig exploded .
’ the thumping fife accent of professor bob craig [blew up] .

This brief survey has been intended to convey the flavour of the work on chaos in lasers and other all-optical systems which has exploded into the literature in the last five years or so .
this brief survey has been intended to convey the flavour of the work on chaos in lasers and other all-optical systems which has [blew up] into the literature in the last five years or so .

Oil leaking from the Cypriot-registered Haven tanker , which exploded during a routine pumping operation off Genoa , caused pollution along the Mediterranean coast eastwards towards Nice .
oil leaking from the cypriot-registered haven tanker , which [blew up] during a routine pumping operation off genoa , caused pollution along the mediterranean coast eastwards towards nice .

For a brief moment , as she battled with the last remaining shreds of her resistance , Lindsey could feel the thud of his heartbeat , then excitement exploded , heady and intoxicating , as her hands relaxed against the warmth of his chest .
for a brief moment , as she battled with the last remaining shreds of her resistance , lindsey could feel the thud of his heartbeat , then excitement [blew up] , heady and intoxicating , as her hands relaxed against the warmth of his chest .

Ronni felt her heart quail as he exploded with fury , and , though he was yelling in Italian , there was no need for translation .
ronni felt her heart quail as he [blew up] with fury , and , though he was yelling in italian , there was no need for translation .

And when Ross had proceeded to tell all the interested spectators — of which there had been many — that he and Laura were on their second honeymoon … she 'd almost exploded with loathing of the man who was now so clearly dominating her life .
and when ross had proceeded to tell all the interested spectators — of which there had been many — that he and laura were on their second honeymoon … she 'd almost [blew up] with loathing of the man who was now so clearly dominating her life .

Flashes of glorious reaction exploded through every nerve-ending .
flashes of glorious reaction [blew up] through every nerve-ending .

Something exploded in Shelley 's head .
something [blew up] in shelley 's head .

The world exploded in a flash , brilliant as a magnesium flare , which was followed by blackness .
the world [blew up] in a flash , brilliant as a magnesium flare , which was followed by blackness .

His face beetroot-red , Paul exploded . ‘ What the hell has it got to do with you ? ’
his face beetroot-red , paul [blew up] . ‘ what the hell has it got to do with you ? ’

Finally , with a tensing of their whole souls , they exploded into the moment that brought utter fulfilment .
finally , with a tensing of their whole souls , they [blew up] into the moment that brought utter fulfilment .

His temper , held so carefully in check around Sandra 's fragile emotions , exploded .
his temper , held so carefully in check around sandra 's fragile emotions , [blew up] .

The journey with him had been tense , the atmosphere between them like standing on the edge of a volcano , waiting to be flung into the fire when it exploded .
the journey with him had been tense , the atmosphere between them like standing on the edge of a volcano , waiting to be flung into the fire when it [blew up] .

Her breath caught , something inside her exploded , and she flew at him , hitting him blindly .
her breath caught , something inside her [blew up] , and she flew at him , hitting him blindly .

’ she exploded impatiently .
’ she [blew up] impatiently .

Behind them Ace Elliot exploded on to the stage and Adam made a rueful grimace .
behind them ace elliot [blew up] on to the stage and adam made a rueful grimace .

’ Leith exploded .
’ leith [blew up] .

’ he exploded .
’ he [blew up] .

’ Leith exploded as , having walked smartly along the landing , she halted at her bedroom door .
’ leith [blew up] as , having walked smartly along the landing , she halted at her bedroom door .

There was so much noise around them , children screaming with excitement as a fireworks display exploded across the bay .
there was so much noise around them , children screaming with excitement as a fireworks display [blew up] across the bay .

They all reared and exploded inside her — touch , smell , taste .
they all reared and [blew up] inside her — touch , smell , taste .

‘ Hunky-dory ? ’ Ruth exploded .
‘ hunky-dory ? ’ ruth [blew up] .

He turned towards the door — and all at once the room was plunged into darkness and a whine of hideous music exploded from the overhead speakers .
he turned towards the door — and all at once the room was plunged into darkness and a whine of hideous music [blew up] from the overhead speakers .

His tongue tasted her , exploring with delicate strokes which gradually deepened into a passionate demand that blew her mind and exploded all her misconceptions of what a kiss could be .
his tongue tasted her , exploring with delicate strokes which gradually deepened into a passionate demand that blew her mind and [blew up] all her misconceptions of what a kiss could be .

Their tongues met , and desire exploded around them .
their tongues met , and desire [blew up] around them .

She would have felt more able to respond if only he 'd exploded in a burst of anger .
she would have felt more able to respond if only he 'd [blew up] in a burst of anger .

Klaus Toepfer , Germany 's Environment Minister , has demanded that all RBMK-type reactors ( the same as the one which exploded at Chernobyl ) be closed .
klaus toepfer , germany 's environment minister , has demanded that all rbmk-type reactors ( the same as the one which [blew up] at chernobyl ) be closed .

On 3 December the Aegean Sea ran aground while trying to enter the port of La Coruña during bad weather , exploded , broke in two and sank .
on 3 december the aegean sea ran aground while trying to enter the port of la coruña during bad weather , [blew up] , broke in two and sank .

The slightest alteration in the chemical balance would result immediately in a race of exploded beetles .
the slightest alteration in the chemical balance would result immediately in a race of [blew up] beetles .

It was unfortunate that , just when he had quelled a great deal of internal disorder and was aiming at a profitable alliance with the Lancastrians during the Wars of the Roses , he chose as a grand gesture to drive out the English garrison still holding Roxburgh castle , only to be killed when one of his own bombards exploded .
it was unfortunate that , just when he had quelled a great deal of internal disorder and was aiming at a profitable alliance with the lancastrians during the wars of the roses , he chose as a grand gesture to drive out the english garrison still holding roxburgh castle , only to be killed when one of his own bombards [blew up] .

It is good that the natives should be happy for surely that is ultimately what we , the Company , are in India to procure … `` But by misfortune his telescope had now wandered back again and was trained on the Cutcherry at the very moment that it exploded with a flash that burnt itself so deeply into the Collector 's brain that he reeled , as if struck in the eye by a musket ball And then there was nothing but smoke , dust , debris , and a crash which dropped a picture from the wall behind him .
it is good that the natives should be happy for surely that is ultimately what we , the company , are in india to procure … `` but by misfortune his telescope had now wandered back again and was trained on the cutcherry at the very moment that it [blew up] with a flash that burnt itself so deeply into the collector 's brain that he reeled , as if struck in the eye by a musket ball and then there was nothing but smoke , dust , debris , and a crash which dropped a picture from the wall behind him .

Together they barely had time to take up a position at the far door , seize a loaded gun , drop to one knee , and aim as , with a final heave , the bulging mass of bodies exploded into the room , followed by the living .
together they barely had time to take up a position at the far door , seize a loaded gun , drop to one knee , and aim as , with a final heave , the bulging mass of bodies [blew up] into the room , followed by the living .

As the geological cycles repeated themselves for some three thousand million years , as the volcanoes exploded and spent themselves , life in the sea burgeoned into many forms ; but the land still remained barren .
as the geological cycles repeated themselves for some three thousand million years , as the volcanoes [blew up] and spent themselves , life in the sea burgeoned into many forms ; but the land still remained barren .

Graham climbed from the car and instinctively ducked as a mortar exploded in the distance .
graham climbed from the car and instinctively ducked as a mortar [blew up] in the distance .

The area around was mined , and as one of the bodies was cut down it exploded , having been booby trapped , and severely wounded a British officer .
the area around was mined , and as one of the bodies was cut down it [blew up] , having been booby trapped , and severely wounded a british officer .

As we dropped down towards Gunnerside , rabbits exploded in all directions and Bill had so many to choose from he lay down confused , unable to make his mind up , looking at us pitifully as though we could make up his mind for him .
as we dropped down towards gunnerside , rabbits [blew up] in all directions and bill had so many to choose from he lay down confused , unable to make his mind up , looking at us pitifully as though we could make up his mind for him .

In 1900 there were thirty museums , but by 1950 the number had exploded to 410 .
in 1900 there were thirty museums , but by 1950 the number had [blew up] to 410 .

One acoustic theory is immediately exploded : that a whisper on stage could be heard up in the back row ( Greek guides conveniently fail to take the wooden superstructure into account ) .
one acoustic theory is immediately [blew up] : that a whisper on stage could be heard up in the back row ( greek guides conveniently fail to take the wooden superstructure into account ) .

Yet simultaneously and apparently paradoxically it was during the nineteenth century that the debate about sexuality exploded .
yet simultaneously and apparently paradoxically it was during the nineteenth century that the debate about sexuality [blew up] .

Look at the following : The information in this exploded pie diagram is presented in a clear and effective way . The same data is given in a different format in the paragraph which follows :
look at the following : the information in this [blew up] pie diagram is presented in a clear and effective way . the same data is given in a different format in the paragraph which follows :

During that period , what had been an earth-centered cosmos exploded into an infinite universe .
during that period , what had been an earth-centered cosmos [blew up] into an infinite universe .

Economic chaos was only one element in the social turmoil that exploded when the new constitution removed the previously draconian constraints on individual rights .
economic chaos was only one element in the social turmoil that [blew up] when the new constitution removed the previously draconian constraints on individual rights .

It is likewise unimportant whether is a food parallel to or not both because the relation of the lines does not depend upon the relation between the terms that are `` in parallel `` ( as we say ) , and because the notion that an ideal parallelism is a truly synonymous parallelism has been exploded by the principle of the parallelism of greater precision .
it is likewise unimportant whether is a food parallel to or not both because the relation of the lines does not depend upon the relation between the terms that are `` in parallel `` ( as we say ) , and because the notion that an ideal parallelism is a truly synonymous parallelism has been [blew up] by the principle of the parallelism of greater precision .

The first fireworks now exploded outside the pavilion .
the first fireworks now [blew up] outside the pavilion .

These , it was argued , had exploded the state 's claim to be able to protect its population .
these , it was argued , had [blew up] the state 's claim to be able to protect its population .

Shrimpton 's mother fed them breakfast the next morning , but when her father showed up , he exploded and chased Bailey off the farm .
shrimpton 's mother fed them breakfast the next morning , but when her father showed up , he [blew up] and chased bailey off the farm .

Near the residential apartments he had seen an exploded armoured carrier , and more dead soldiers .
near the residential apartments he had seen an [blew up] armoured carrier , and more dead soldiers .

‘ Why ? ’ the Doctor exploded .
‘ why ? ’ the doctor [blew up] .

They exploded the most powerful device ever created , inside a black hole .
they [blew up] the most powerful device ever created , inside a black hole .

The other Rex Mundi , because , of course , it could be no other , rent hair from his head and flung it to the floor where it exploded in small sulphurous puffs of smoke .
the other rex mundi , because , of course , it could be no other , rent hair from his head and flung it to the floor where it [blew up] in small sulphurous puffs of smoke .

One of the truck 's headlights exploded .
one of the truck 's headlights [blew up] .

Jessica had exploded publicly , but in private he might not be able to summon up the words .
jessica had [blew up] publicly , but in private he might not be able to summon up the words .

In the latter case one is confronted by something like a functioning assembly which needs to be dismantled and analysed before it can be understood , whereas in the former case one has something much more like an ‘ exploded ’ view of things as seen in a working drawing .
in the latter case one is confronted by something like a functioning assembly which needs to be dismantled and analysed before it can be understood , whereas in the former case one has something much more like an ‘ [blew up] ’ view of things as seen in a working drawing .

Amiss exploded with laughter .
amiss [blew up] with laughter .

At 11.30 a large-calibre shell exploded close by and fifteen minutes later a woman aged 60 was admitted to the hospital with an open fracture of the thigh .
at 11.30 a large-calibre shell [blew up] close by and fifteen minutes later a woman aged 60 was admitted to the hospital with an open fracture of the thigh .

The room again exploded with laughter .
the room again [blew up] with laughter .

Bombs exploded in Amritsar and Patiala on June 4 , killing eight people and injuring 35 others .
bombs [blew up] in amritsar and patiala on june 4 , killing eight people and injuring 35 others .

About 400 people were evacuated from a Royal Air Force base at Stanmore , north London , on June 21 after a patrol discovered a bomb , which later exploded .
about 400 people were evacuated from a royal air force base at stanmore , north london , on june 21 after a patrol discovered a bomb , which later [blew up] .

In an attack on a non-military target , a bomb planted several feet inside the doorway of the exclusive Carlton Club in central London , frequented by leading Conservative Party figures , exploded at about 8.30 p.m. on June 25 , injuring a porter seriously and wounding several others , and causing a fire and extensive damage .
in an attack on a non-military target , a bomb planted several feet inside the doorway of the exclusive carlton club in central london , frequented by leading conservative party figures , [blew up] at about 8.30 p.m. on june 25 , injuring a porter seriously and wounding several others , and causing a fire and extensive damage .

President Pierre Buyoya refused to accept their resignations , amid an increased atmosphere of tension after a bomb , thought to have been planted by members of the minority Tutsi group , exploded in Bujumbura on Nov. 4 , 1989 .
president pierre buyoya refused to accept their resignations , amid an increased atmosphere of tension after a bomb , thought to have been planted by members of the minority tutsi group , [blew up] in bujumbura on nov. 4 , 1989 .

An Army officer was killed on April 24 in Bilbao and three police officers were killed and five people injured when a car bomb exploded in Bilbao on May 24 .
an army officer was killed on april 24 in bilbao and three police officers were killed and five people injured when a car bomb [blew up] in bilbao on may 24 .

Two police officers were killed and four injured when a booby-trapped car exploded outside Alcalá-Meco prison near Madrid on May 8 , 1989 .
two police officers were killed and four injured when a booby-trapped car [blew up] outside alcalá-meco prison near madrid on may 8 , 1989 .

On July 24 a bomb exploded outside the offices of the Istanbul Chamber of Industry causing some damage but no casualties .
on july 24 a bomb [blew up] outside the offices of the istanbul chamber of industry causing some damage but no casualties .

On May 28 a bomb exploded in a crowded West Jerusalem market , killing one elderly Israeli and injuring nine other people .
on may 28 a bomb [blew up] in a crowded west jerusalem market , killing one elderly israeli and injuring nine other people .

Seineldin attributed a bomb which exploded on Dec. 21 , 1989 , in front of Army headquarters in Buenos Aires to discontent over pay and to the `` lack of attention `` paid to non-commissioned officers .
seineldin attributed a bomb which [blew up] on dec. 21 , 1989 , in front of army headquarters in buenos aires to discontent over pay and to the `` lack of attention `` paid to non-commissioned officers .

An organization calling itself the Mujahidin Kashmir claimed responsibility for planting bombs which exploded at two New Delhi police stations on April 10 , injuring nine policemen .
an organization calling itself the mujahidin kashmir claimed responsibility for planting bombs which [blew up] at two new delhi police stations on april 10 , injuring nine policemen .

On April 3 a bomb which police suspected had been planted by Sikh separatists exploded near a Hindu religious procession in Batala , killing some 35 people .
on april 3 a bomb which police suspected had been planted by sikh separatists [blew up] near a hindu religious procession in batala , killing some 35 people .

At least 17 people were killed and 15 injured when a home-made bomb exploded on a bus 20 km from the Azerbaijani city of Gendzhe ( formerly Kirovabad ) on Aug. 10 .
at least 17 people were killed and 15 injured when a home-made bomb [blew up] on a bus 20 km from the azerbaijani city of gendzhe ( formerly kirovabad ) on aug. 10 .

The unrest which had been escalating in Azerbaijan since the outbreak in February 1988 of the dispute with neighbouring Armenia over the Nagorny Karabakh region [ for December 1989 developments see p. 37128 ] , exploded in mid-January into intercommunal violence across the republic and on the Armenian border .
the unrest which had been escalating in azerbaijan since the outbreak in february 1988 of the dispute with neighbouring armenia over the nagorny karabakh region [ for december 1989 developments see p. 37128 ] , [blew up] in mid-january into intercommunal violence across the republic and on the armenian border .

At least 17 bombs exploded in Manila , the capital , in the last two weeks of August in what appeared to be a concerted destabilization campaign by dissident right-wing elements within the military .
at least 17 bombs [blew up] in manila , the capital , in the last two weeks of august in what appeared to be a concerted destabilization campaign by dissident right-wing elements within the military .

Between October 1989 and March 1990 there occurred a number of attacks on Spanish diplomatic missions : on Oct. 26 , 1989 , an explosive device wrecked the car of the Spanish consul-general in Rotterdam ; the following day two grenades were launched against a Spanish embassy building in The Hague ; on Dec. 6 a bomb exploded at the embassy itself .
between october 1989 and march 1990 there occurred a number of attacks on spanish diplomatic missions : on oct. 26 , 1989 , an explosive device wrecked the car of the spanish consul-general in rotterdam ; the following day two grenades were launched against a spanish embassy building in the hague ; on dec. 6 a bomb [blew up] at the embassy itself .

They were themselves a witness to the success of the ecclesiastical promotion of lay education in the faith although , in their case , it stimulated a sectarianism which exploded in the first quarter of the fifteenth century as a threat to both the doctrinal and social establishment of authority .
they were themselves a witness to the success of the ecclesiastical promotion of lay education in the faith although , in their case , it stimulated a sectarianism which [blew up] in the first quarter of the fifteenth century as a threat to both the doctrinal and social establishment of authority .

His brain exploded with fury and he was about to force his numbed body onto its feet again , when his right hand fell on something hard and metallic .
his brain [blew up] with fury and he was about to force his numbed body onto its feet again , when his right hand fell on something hard and metallic .

Next instant his world exploded into rib-splintering agony , as Angel One drove a crushing seiken fist-blow into his chest .
next instant his world [blew up] into rib-splintering agony , as angel one drove a crushing seiken fist-blow into his chest .

’ The Director exploded angrily .
’ the director [blew up] angrily .

The court also heard that a woman and her three-year-old daughter passed the policeman ' car only seconds before it exploded .
the court also heard that a woman and her three-year-old daughter passed the policeman ' car only seconds before it [blew up] .

The Zaporizha reactors are of the pressurised-water type , not at all similar to the model which exploded at Chernobyl .
the zaporizha reactors are of the pressurised-water type , not at all similar to the model which [blew up] at chernobyl .

But seven minutes later the blue ringer Toyota Hiace van exploded ripping buildings .
but seven minutes later the blue ringer toyota hiace van [blew up] ripping buildings .

Lyric Fantasy exploded back onto the sprint scene with an all-the-way victory in the Hambro Countrywide Charlotte Fillies Stakes at Newmarket .
lyric fantasy [blew up] back onto the sprint scene with an all-the-way victory in the hambro countrywide charlotte fillies stakes at newmarket .

He believed they may also have exploded blast bombs .
he believed they may also have [blew up] blast bombs .

The teenager , who has not been named , was on his cycle within feet of the sub-station in Hartley Road , Radford , Nottingham , when it exploded .
the teenager , who has not been named , was on his cycle within feet of the sub-station in hartley road , radford , nottingham , when it [blew up] .

And some have been blown off the face of the earth in massive bomb attacks such as Teebane in Co Tyrone where seven workmen perished in January 1992 when a land mine exploded under their bus .
and some have been blown off the face of the earth in massive bomb attacks such as teebane in co tyrone where seven workmen perished in january 1992 when a land mine [blew up] under their bus .

An incendiary device exploded setting fire to furniture , but the blaze was brought under control .
an incendiary device [blew up] setting fire to furniture , but the blaze was brought under control .

Police evacuated the area before the bomb exploded , causing only minor damage .
police evacuated the area before the bomb [blew up] , causing only minor damage .

Unable to escape , the Fort George catering worker died instantly when the bomb exploded , demolishing the checkpoint and killing five soldiers .
unable to escape , the fort george catering worker died instantly when the bomb [blew up] , demolishing the checkpoint and killing five soldiers .

John Dunn , 46 , was giving a driving lesson to 53-year-old Cecilia Byrne when a 50lb bomb exploded underneath their car on the Limerick Road on January 11 1974 , killing them instantly .
john dunn , 46 , was giving a driving lesson to 53-year-old cecilia byrne when a 50lb bomb [blew up] underneath their car on the limerick road on january 11 1974 , killing them instantly .

One exploded destroying a gas holder near houses .
one [blew up] destroying a gas holder near houses .

Wednesday , February 3 — Bomb exploded on the 9.05 Victoria to Ramsgate train .
wednesday , february 3 — bomb [blew up] on the 9.05 victoria to ramsgate train .

Thursday , January 28 — Device exploded outside London 's Harrods department store , four people slightly injured ;
thursday , january 28 — device [blew up] outside london 's harrods department store , four people slightly injured ;

1992 Tuesday , December 22 — Bomb exploded at Hampstead Undergound station at start of rush hour .
1992 tuesday , december 22 — bomb [blew up] at hampstead undergound station at start of rush hour .

Thursday , December 10 — Two devices exploded outside Wood Green shopping centre in north London , injuring eight .
thursday , december 10 — two devices [blew up] outside wood green shopping centre in north london , injuring eight .

Wednesday , December 9 — Bomb planted in van exploded outside Woodside Park Underground station in north London after telephone warning . No injuries ;
wednesday , december 9 — bomb planted in van [blew up] outside woodside park underground station in north london after telephone warning . no injuries ;

Cheshire police said that message was relayed to them as the bombs exploded in Warrington 's Bridge Street at about 12.25pm .
cheshire police said that message was relayed to them as the bombs [blew up] in warrington 's bridge street at about 12.25pm .

Sixty-six pre-Christmas revellers also suffered horrific injuries when a no-warning bomb exploded in the middle of the packed Ballykelly pub .
sixty-six pre-christmas revellers also suffered horrific injuries when a no-warning bomb [blew up] in the middle of the packed ballykelly pub .

Quiss had exploded .
quiss had [blew up] .

If he 'd tried to bottle it up he would have exploded one way or the other long before now .
if he 'd tried to bottle it up he would have [blew up] one way or the other long before now .

The stars then exploded as supernovas , and their debris went to form other stars and planets , among them those of our solar system , which is about five thousand million years old .
the stars then [blew up] as supernovas , and their debris went to form other stars and planets , among them those of our solar system , which is about five thousand million years old .

For example if the electric charge of the electron had been only slightly different , stars either would have been unable to burn hydrogen and helium , or else they would not have exploded .
for example if the electric charge of the electron had been only slightly different , stars either would have been unable to burn hydrogen and helium , or else they would not have [blew up] .

‘ Damn ! ’ Nathan exploded with quiet violence . ‘ Did he see you ? ’
‘ damn ! ’ nathan [blew up] with quiet violence . ‘ did he see you ? ’

The honey-sweet warmth that had smouldered deep inside her exploded , filling her with a shimmering liquid heat .
the honey-sweet warmth that had smouldered deep inside her [blew up] , filling her with a shimmering liquid heat .

And by the sixth London issue Sharp 's graphics had exploded , the paper was n't a poor Private Eye or New Statesman anymore .
and by the sixth london issue sharp 's graphics had [blew up] , the paper was n't a poor private eye or new statesman anymore .

1969 was the year that rock festivals took off in Britain , and exploded into celluloid myth-and real murder — in the United States .
1969 was the year that rock festivals took off in britain , and [blew up] into celluloid myth-and real murder — in the united states .

In fact it exploded , the great wooden bar being hurled far across the room and the frame itself giving way .
in fact it [blew up] , the great wooden bar being hurled far across the room and the frame itself giving way .

Rincewind 's tortured temper exploded .
rincewind 's tortured temper [blew up] .

When it reached the door the metal exploded into a shower of hot droplets .
when it reached the door the metal [blew up] into a shower of hot droplets .

The quarrel exploded into flaming fragments in mid-air .
the quarrel [blew up] into flaming fragments in mid-air .

With no pause between the fountains of rainbow brilliance illuminating the darkness , Gina found herself holding her breath as the spectacle exploded far above her head .
with no pause between the fountains of rainbow brilliance illuminating the darkness , gina found herself holding her breath as the spectacle [blew up] far above her head .

Again the revolver exploded , again Callaghan staggered away from the spurt of dirt .
again the revolver [blew up] , again callaghan staggered away from the spurt of dirt .

The petrol tank exploded in a bloom of yellow and red , and then there was only a lot of smoke , with bits falling : bits of wing , bits of wheel , bits of pilot .
the petrol tank [blew up] in a bloom of yellow and red , and then there was only a lot of smoke , with bits falling : bits of wing , bits of wheel , bits of pilot .

On the June day when American presidential candidate Robert Kennedy was assassinated , emotions were high and Matthau exploded .
on the june day when american presidential candidate robert kennedy was assassinated , emotions were high and matthau [blew up] .

Across the plains on either side of the Mississippi and Missouri , it is as if a giant city planet had exploded , leaving a random scatter of asteroid towns frozen in their wanderings but uncommitted to an urban star .
across the plains on either side of the mississippi and missouri , it is as if a giant city planet had [blew up] , leaving a random scatter of asteroid towns frozen in their wanderings but uncommitted to an urban star .

’ Maggie exploded with furious disbelief .
’ maggie [blew up] with furious disbelief .

It would n't help if the count exploded with rage .
it would n't help if the count [blew up] with rage .

Felipe strode round the corner at that precise moment and he simply exploded .
felipe strode round the corner at that precise moment and he simply [blew up] .

You exploded into my existence .
you [blew up] into my existence .

Every motion sent her senses reeling , deeper and deeper into the furnace they had entered together , until at last , as she soared to a height of such intensity of feeling that she thought she must burst , something exploded in her brain , and she was awash with the dizzying sensation of all-consuming love .
every motion sent her senses reeling , deeper and deeper into the furnace they had entered together , until at last , as she soared to a height of such intensity of feeling that she thought she must burst , something [blew up] in her brain , and she was awash with the dizzying sensation of all-consuming love .

In 1965 , 200 people died when the steam boiler exploded on a Mississippi river boat .
in 1965 , 200 people died when the steam boiler [blew up] on a mississippi river boat .

Her arms wound around his neck as she clung tightly , her mouth open against his face until they were moving together feverishly towards brilliant light that exploded around them .
her arms wound around his neck as she clung tightly , her mouth open against his face until they were moving together feverishly towards brilliant light that [blew up] around them .

Rage , pure and delightful , exploded inside McAllister .
rage , pure and delightful , [blew up] inside mcallister .

’ exploded her father .
’ [blew up] her father .

His mother was called a counter-revolutionary and his father was made to divorce her ; his schooldays were postponed as cities all over China exploded into violence ; his father was publicly denounced and sent to a reform camp ; and Liang Heng and his sisters were sent to labour in the countryside .
his mother was called a counter-revolutionary and his father was made to divorce her ; his schooldays were postponed as cities all over china [blew up] into violence ; his father was publicly denounced and sent to a reform camp ; and liang heng and his sisters were sent to labour in the countryside .

They exploded against her like lightning bolts .
they [blew up] against her like lightning bolts .

Once it exploded with divine flavour — but no longer .
once it [blew up] with divine flavour — but no longer .

And when racism exploded in the eighteenth century — to justify slavery — it wiped out any acknowledgement of African achievements .
and when racism [blew up] in the eighteenth century — to justify slavery — it wiped out any acknowledgement of african achievements .

The Home Office took more than six weeks even to respond to the points made , by which time the situation in my constituency had already exploded out of control .
the home office took more than six weeks even to respond to the points made , by which time the situation in my constituency had already [blew up] out of control .

In 1976 it exploded and gave out 290 billion kg of hydrochloric acid into the upper atmosphere and into the ozone layer .
in 1976 it [blew up] and gave out 290 billion kg of hydrochloric acid into the upper atmosphere and into the ozone layer .

It would be impossible for the affluent to live in peace if conflict after conflict exploded in the third world .
it would be impossible for the affluent to live in peace if conflict after conflict [blew up] in the third world .

’ she exploded .
’ she [blew up] .

’ he exploded .
’ he [blew up] .

‘ How dare you ? ’ she exploded . ‘ How dare you dump me like that , abandon me and then make off — with all my things too , with my money on board ? ’
‘ how dare you ? ’ she [blew up] . ‘ how dare you dump me like that , abandon me and then make off — with all my things too , with my money on board ? ’

‘ What the hell ? ’ Fen exploded as she scrambled over him in a tangle of arms , legs and dishevelled hair .
‘ what the hell ? ’ fen [blew up] as she scrambled over him in a tangle of arms , legs and dishevelled hair .

’ he exploded .
’ he [blew up] .

’ The question exploded out of him .
’ the question [blew up] out of him .

Sabine , coaxed into taking a sip from Rohan 's glass , felt as if the top of her head had exploded , and laughingly refused any more .
sabine , coaxed into taking a sip from rohan 's glass , felt as if the top of her head had [blew up] , and laughingly refused any more .

‘ Idiot ! ’ Tom Russell exploded with friendly derision .
‘ idiot ! ’ tom russell [blew up] with friendly derision .

No dream could have awakened the flood of sensations and swirling emotions , like a dam-burst , that had suddenly exploded within her , flowing too swiftly , too eagerly , to control .
no dream could have awakened the flood of sensations and swirling emotions , like a dam-burst , that had suddenly [blew up] within her , flowing too swiftly , too eagerly , to control .

All the anger , frustration and hurt finally exploded into action in violent contrast to the lethargy that had been her constant companion for the past few months .
all the anger , frustration and hurt finally [blew up] into action in violent contrast to the lethargy that had been her constant companion for the past few months .

Wriggling closer , she slid her hands inside his shirt , which had somehow become unbuttoned , then shivered and held her breath as his warm palms roved beneath her sweater , and an almost physical pain exploded inside her as one thumb touched her nipple .
wriggling closer , she slid her hands inside his shirt , which had somehow become unbuttoned , then shivered and held her breath as his warm palms roved beneath her sweater , and an almost physical pain [blew up] inside her as one thumb touched her nipple .

When he reached out to touch her , all the anger and disillusion exploded .
when he reached out to touch her , all the anger and disillusion [blew up] .

For some reason she found what she had just said enormously funny , and exploded into the phone with a fruity laugh before putting down her receiver .
for some reason she found what she had just said enormously funny , and [blew up] into the phone with a fruity laugh before putting down her receiver .

The door flew open and Lucenzo exploded out of the cab like a flying demon , catching her arms in a fierce grip , his face distorted with anger .
the door flew open and lucenzo [blew up] out of the cab like a flying demon , catching her arms in a fierce grip , his face distorted with anger .

’ she exploded .
’ she [blew up] .

‘ Stop this ! ’ she exploded , surprising herself with the violence of her emotions .
‘ stop this ! ’ she [blew up] , surprising herself with the violence of her emotions .

And as they met a passion exploded between them ; a hunger that terrified Folly with its intensity .
and as they met a passion [blew up] between them ; a hunger that terrified folly with its intensity .

And that in losing control she had gained something infinitely more precious … Something exploded inside her .
and that in losing control she had gained something infinitely more precious … something [blew up] inside her .

‘ And how many of them made any effort to get along with me ? ’ she exploded .
‘ and how many of them made any effort to get along with me ? ’ she [blew up] .

’ Alyssia exploded .
’ alyssia [blew up] .

She closed her eyes as he thrust into her , moving with rhythmic deliberation until everything exploded in her , and she released her breath in one long sigh of physical fulfilment .
she closed her eyes as he thrust into her , moving with rhythmic deliberation until everything [blew up] in her , and she released her breath in one long sigh of physical fulfilment .

The moment of charmed stillness collapsed — or more properly exploded — into motion and exclamation .
the moment of charmed stillness collapsed — or more properly [blew up] — into motion and exclamation .

On the night of July 16 in Lima 20 people died and 250 were injured when a huge car bomb exploded in a street of shops and restaurants in the mainly residential Miraflores area .
on the night of july 16 in lima 20 people died and 250 were injured when a huge car bomb [blew up] in a street of shops and restaurants in the mainly residential miraflores area .

On Dec. 30 a large car bomb exploded in the busy Basta quarter of west Beirut , killing at least 17 people and wounding over 100 others , mostly women and children .
on dec. 30 a large car bomb [blew up] in the busy basta quarter of west beirut , killing at least 17 people and wounding over 100 others , mostly women and children .

Two large bombs exploded in Zagreb on Aug. 19 , one at the offices of the Jewish community and another in the Jewish graveyard .
two large bombs [blew up] in zagreb on aug. 19 , one at the offices of the jewish community and another in the jewish graveyard .

Nevertheless , the republican parliament was barricaded after the Vilnius killings , and tensions rose in the capital , Tallinn , after two bombs exploded on Jan. 21 at factories which were considered centres of Russian worker resistance to the nationalist government .
nevertheless , the republican parliament was barricaded after the vilnius killings , and tensions rose in the capital , tallinn , after two bombs [blew up] on jan. 21 at factories which were considered centres of russian worker resistance to the nationalist government .

On Jan. 22 two bombs exploded simultaneously in the police headquarters and court buildings in New Delhi , injuring 43 people .
on jan. 22 two bombs [blew up] simultaneously in the police headquarters and court buildings in new delhi , injuring 43 people .

Ahmad Hashika , a 26-year-old Palestinian , was killed in the Greek city of Patras on April 19 when a bomb he was carrying exploded in his hands .
ahmad hashika , a 26-year-old palestinian , was killed in the greek city of patras on april 19 when a bomb he was carrying [blew up] in his hands .

The official Tass news agency announced on Oct. 11 that the Soviet Union 's most advanced Zenit booster rocket had exploded seconds after launch at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in the Central Asian republic of Kazakhstan on Oct. 4 .
the official tass news agency announced on oct. 11 that the soviet union 's most advanced zenit booster rocket had [blew up] seconds after launch at the baikonur cosmodrome in the central asian republic of kazakhstan on oct. 4 .

On July 11 , bombs exploded outside the Spanish consulates in the German cities of Munich and Dusseldorf , causing extensive damage but no serious injuries .
on july 11 , bombs [blew up] outside the spanish consulates in the german cities of munich and dusseldorf , causing extensive damage but no serious injuries .

On July 17 the Turkish consul , Deniz Bolukbasi , and two other members of the consulate staff had been injured when a car bomb exploded near the Turkish consulate in Athens .
on july 17 the turkish consul , deniz bolukbasi , and two other members of the consulate staff had been injured when a car bomb [blew up] near the turkish consulate in athens .

The first bomb exploded in a tomato packing plant at Kibbutz Netzarim , an Israeli settlement south of Gaza , injuring an Israeli woman doing a year 's national service .
the first bomb [blew up] in a tomato packing plant at kibbutz netzarim , an israeli settlement south of gaza , injuring an israeli woman doing a year 's national service .

Two soldiers were injured , one critically , by a later bomb which exploded as they were searching the area .
two soldiers were injured , one critically , by a later bomb which [blew up] as they were searching the area .

As isolated assassinations of the police and security forces continued in Algiers and elsewhere , three people were killed by a bomb which exploded at Constantine university on May 6 .
as isolated assassinations of the police and security forces continued in algiers and elsewhere , three people were killed by a bomb which [blew up] at constantine university on may 6 .

Incendiary devices exploded in department stores or warehouses in London on Dec. 1 , 2 , 3 and 14 , at the National Gallery in London on Dec. 15 , and in Blackpool and Manchester on Dec. 8 .
incendiary devices [blew up] in department stores or warehouses in london on dec. 1 , 2 , 3 and 14 , at the national gallery in london on dec. 15 , and in blackpool and manchester on dec. 8 .

The United States and United Kingdom authorities on Nov. 13 announced that they had filed charges against two Libyan nationals who were believed responsible for the bomb which exploded on an aircraft over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 .
the united states and united kingdom authorities on nov. 13 announced that they had filed charges against two libyan nationals who were believed responsible for the bomb which [blew up] on an aircraft over lockerbie , scotland , in 1988 .

Small bombs exploded in Manila almost daily , the bulk of which were believed to have been planted by military dissidents .
small bombs [blew up] in manila almost daily , the bulk of which were believed to have been planted by military dissidents .

At least 22 people died when a bomb attached to a bicycle exploded on Sept. 1 in a crowded marketplace in Sainthamarathu , a village in the east populated mainly by Moslems .
at least 22 people died when a bomb attached to a bicycle [blew up] on sept. 1 in a crowded marketplace in sainthamarathu , a village in the east populated mainly by moslems .

Despite the emergency measures bombs exploded in the cities of Medellín and Cali on Nov. 11 , killing one person and wounding 35 .
despite the emergency measures bombs [blew up] in the cities of medellín and cali on nov. 11 , killing one person and wounding 35 .

The French Ministry of Defence announced that it had exploded a 35-kiloton nuclear device on Mururoa Atoll on July 5 , 1990 , the fourth such test since June 1989 .
the french ministry of defence announced that it had [blew up] a 35-kiloton nuclear device on mururoa atoll on july 5 , 1990 , the fourth such test since june 1989 .

Ehud Sadan , an Israeli diplomat , was killed in Ankara , Turkey , when his booby-trapped car exploded on March 7 .
ehud sadan , an israeli diplomat , was killed in ankara , turkey , when his booby-trapped car [blew up] on march 7 .

The navy did acknowledge , however , having returned fire on March 17 at a boat off Point Pedro which , it said , had then exploded — the implication being that it had contained rebel ammunition or explosive supplies .
the navy did acknowledge , however , having returned fire on march 17 at a boat off point pedro which , it said , had then [blew up] — the implication being that it had contained rebel ammunition or explosive supplies .

On the night of April 8-9 a fire in a weapons depot of the former Soviet army north of Yerevan ( Armenia ) caused widespread damage as the weaponry stored there exploded .
on the night of april 8-9 a fire in a weapons depot of the former soviet army north of yerevan ( armenia ) caused widespread damage as the weaponry stored there [blew up] .

Three people died in Sialkot ( Pakistan ) on Feb. 6 after a bomb , attributed to pro-Iraqi groups , exploded under a minibus .
three people died in sialkot ( pakistan ) on feb. 6 after a bomb , attributed to pro-iraqi groups , [blew up] under a minibus .

One man was killed and more than 40 people were injured when a bomb exploded at 7.46 a.m. on Feb. 18 at Victoria Station , London , just before the start of the morning rush-hour .
one man was killed and more than 40 people were injured when a bomb [blew up] at 7.46 a.m. on feb. 18 at victoria station , london , just before the start of the morning rush-hour .

Earlier that morning , at 4.23 , a bomb hidden in a roof support at Paddington Station had exploded , causing damage but no injuries .
earlier that morning , at 4.23 , a bomb hidden in a roof support at paddington station had [blew up] , causing damage but no injuries .

The question is the charge of gas , exploded in the cylinder head , which is the motive force of every piston-stroke .
the question is the charge of gas , [blew up] in the cylinder head , which is the motive force of every piston-stroke .

He suffered personal injuries when the cooker exploded .
he suffered personal injuries when the cooker [blew up] .

Liability in this case would depend on why the cooker exploded .
liability in this case would depend on why the cooker [blew up] .

The plaintiff child was injured when the chemical exploded during a school experiment .
the plaintiff child was injured when the chemical [blew up] during a school experiment .

It was also possible for fearful accidents to occur to a driller who decided to save himself a few inches by using the bottom of an exploded shot-hole .
it was also possible for fearful accidents to occur to a driller who decided to save himself a few inches by using the bottom of an [blew up] shot-hole .

exploded drills
[blew up] drills

as if in slow motion , she watched as the pale timber beam swung towards her , then her head exploded and there was darkness .
as if in slow motion , she watched as the pale timber beam swung towards her , then her head [blew up] and there was darkness .

Hyacinth exploded .
hyacinth [blew up] .

After a nervous start to the Pilkington Glass World Championship Semi-finals , the Timman-Speelman match exploded into violence in Thursday 's third round .
after a nervous start to the pilkington glass world championship semi-finals , the timman-speelman match [blew up] into violence in thursday 's third round .

In this situation , the bomb placed by Oberst Claus Graf Schenk von Stauffenberg exploded in the Führer Headquarters near Rastenburg in East Prussia at 12.45 p.m. on 20 July 1944 .
in this situation , the bomb placed by oberst claus graf schenk von stauffenberg [blew up] in the führer headquarters near rastenburg in east prussia at 12.45 p.m. on 20 july 1944 .

Many said they definitely dressed up for each other , for their friends and themselves , and exploded the myth that women are dressing for men .
many said they definitely dressed up for each other , for their friends and themselves , and [blew up] the myth that women are dressing for men .

When she switched on the light the little room exploded into a brightness so extreme that it hurt his eyeballs .
when she switched on the light the little room [blew up] into a brightness so extreme that it hurt his eyeballs .

It exploded at 1.10am , seconds after two police officers sent to inspect what they thought was an abandoned white van under the flyover received the warning .
it [blew up] at 1.10am , seconds after two police officers sent to inspect what they thought was an abandoned white van under the flyover received the warning .

The bomb exploded directly beneath the northbound lanes of the Edgware Road flyover , destroying supports .
the bomb [blew up] directly beneath the northbound lanes of the edgware road flyover , destroying supports .

Sanctions , including a ban on air traffic and arms sales and the reduction in Libyan diplomatic representation , went into effect at dawn yesterday with the expiry of a grace period for Col Gaddafi to hand over the two suspected bombers of a Pan Am jumbo jet which exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland , in December 1988 .
sanctions , including a ban on air traffic and arms sales and the reduction in libyan diplomatic representation , went into effect at dawn yesterday with the expiry of a grace period for col gaddafi to hand over the two suspected bombers of a pan am jumbo jet which [blew up] over lockerbie , scotland , in december 1988 .

At the time of the Korean War , when Attlee helped to persuade Truman to drop any idea of using the atomic bomb against the Chinese mainland , Britain had not exploded her first nuclear weapon .
at the time of the korean war , when attlee helped to persuade truman to drop any idea of using the atomic bomb against the chinese mainland , britain had not [blew up] her first nuclear weapon .

These foolish spendthrifts hurtled , flashed and exploded on a clear black sky , crashed their limos into trees , were sensationally naïve .
these foolish spendthrifts hurtled , flashed and [blew up] on a clear black sky , crashed their limos into trees , were sensationally naïve .

They then lost Gatting , who had been in better form than anyone , in the first one-day international when his nose exploded after coming into contact with a ball from Marshall that he failed to hook .
they then lost gatting , who had been in better form than anyone , in the first one-day international when his nose [blew up] after coming into contact with a ball from marshall that he failed to hook .

The driver of a 5,000-gallon tanker , Darren Rushton , of Stoke-on-Trent , raced to warn three people in a cafe as burning fuel poured towards them when his vehicle exploded after a collision outside Oldbury oil terminal , West Midlands .
the driver of a 5,000-gallon tanker , darren rushton , of stoke-on-trent , raced to warn three people in a cafe as burning fuel poured towards them when his vehicle [blew up] after a collision outside oldbury oil terminal , west midlands .

Nine people were injured at the weekend when a bomb exploded in a dustbin at the Rand Easter Show in Johannesburg .
nine people were injured at the weekend when a bomb [blew up] in a dustbin at the rand easter show in johannesburg .

Thunder exploded , roll after roll after roll , so that there seemed to be no gap between but only an incessant bombardment .
thunder [blew up] , roll after roll after roll , so that there seemed to be no gap between but only an incessant bombardment .

Back on the storm-front , lightning flashed and thunder exploded in long runs that seemed to envelop the length of the mountain chain as if spread by a giant paint-roller .
back on the storm-front , lightning flashed and thunder [blew up] in long runs that seemed to envelop the length of the mountain chain as if spread by a giant paint-roller .

The walls were stained with all kinds of colours as the mixtures popped , exploded and flew about the room .
the walls were stained with all kinds of colours as the mixtures popped , [blew up] and flew about the room .

Faliraki is one of those typical Greek beach resorts that seems to have suddenly woken up and exploded into life .
faliraki is one of those typical greek beach resorts that seems to have suddenly woken up and [blew up] into life .

We begin with an exploded concept , for ‘ mind ’ no longer signifies the entity it once did .
we begin with an [blew up] concept , for ‘ mind ’ no longer signifies the entity it once did .

In his important book The concept of mind ( 1949 ) Ryle exploded the dogma by successfully demonstrating that , as used in the Cartesian ‘ myth ’ , the term represents the facts of mental life as if it belonged to one logical type or category , when it actually belongs to another .
in his important book the concept of mind ( 1949 ) ryle [blew up] the dogma by successfully demonstrating that , as used in the cartesian ‘ myth ’ , the term represents the facts of mental life as if it belonged to one logical type or category , when it actually belongs to another .

Assistant Chief Constable David Mellor , aged 52 , who is shortly to take up a post as deputy chief constable of South Wales , had just gone to bed when a device planted below the window of a living room exploded at 1.20am .
assistant chief constable david mellor , aged 52 , who is shortly to take up a post as deputy chief constable of south wales , had just gone to bed when a device planted below the window of a living room [blew up] at 1.20am .

’ Wexford exploded .
’ wexford [blew up] .

’ he exploded .
’ he [blew up] .

’ He exploded with laughter again .
’ he [blew up] with laughter again .

‘ Baking tray ? ’ exploded Jamie . ‘ It 's a cocaine mirror , oh give me some ! ’
‘ baking tray ? ’ [blew up] jamie . ‘ it 's a cocaine mirror , oh give me some ! ’

‘ Christ ! ’ she exploded , ‘ all this bloody drama over a few kisses ! ’
‘ christ ! ’ she [blew up] , ‘ all this bloody drama over a few kisses ! ’

Her hand found Lucy 's breast , her thumb found Lucy 's nipple , Lucy drew closer as she stroked her belly , and her little finger exploded on the springy turf of Lucy 's hair .
her hand found lucy 's breast , her thumb found lucy 's nipple , lucy drew closer as she stroked her belly , and her little finger [blew up] on the springy turf of lucy 's hair .

‘ Perhaps we could have a drink outside , ’ said the woman as the French family exploded with bellowed laughter and banging fists .
‘ perhaps we could have a drink outside , ’ said the woman as the french family [blew up] with bellowed laughter and banging fists .

’ Newman exploded .
’ newman [blew up] .

At the last minute Reg Seekings had to drop out as he had injured his hand when a detonator exploded prematurely .
at the last minute reg seekings had to drop out as he had injured his hand when a detonator [blew up] prematurely .

An ammunition lorry exploded with a roar .
an ammunition lorry [blew up] with a roar .

Father Keegans , whose own house was damaged as the remains of the plane exploded only yards away , said the 270 were deeply loved , sadly missed , ‘ and will always be remembered . ’
father keegans , whose own house was damaged as the remains of the plane [blew up] only yards away , said the 270 were deeply loved , sadly missed , ‘ and will always be remembered . ’

They were loaded on to two trucks at the airport , and were being moved across the tarmac when one of the bodies exploded .
they were loaded on to two trucks at the airport , and were being moved across the tarmac when one of the bodies [blew up] .

Both girls thought she was joking at first but when she recounted word for word the interview she had had with Moran they exploded into wild laughter .
both girls thought she was joking at first but when she recounted word for word the interview she had had with moran they [blew up] into wild laughter .

Only later , when we saw the photographs , did we appreciate that Donnelly must have been magicked out of the car at the precise millisecond when the car exploded on impact .
only later , when we saw the photographs , did we appreciate that donnelly must have been magicked out of the car at the precise millisecond when the car [blew up] on impact .

At breakfast together Fisher exploded and attacked the Church Union and all that it stood for and said that they had done great harm and ought to apologize .
at breakfast together fisher [blew up] and attacked the church union and all that it stood for and said that they had done great harm and ought to apologize .

During the final minutes the woman in front of us exploded .
during the final minutes the woman in front of us [blew up] .

‘ Something wrong ! ’ he exploded . ‘ Do n't you fucking well know that the enemy have been mortaring the village green for the past four or five minutes while you have been playing those fucking bagpipes ? ’
‘ something wrong ! ’ he [blew up] . ‘ do n't you fucking well know that the enemy have been mortaring the village green for the past four or five minutes while you have been playing those fucking bagpipes ? ’

She had never seen a dragon before , and now she nearly exploded with joy .
she had never seen a dragon before , and now she nearly [blew up] with joy .

In it the whole idea of the fertility rite is exploded , using the very forms and devices of the traditional ritual .
in it the whole idea of the fertility rite is [blew up] , using the very forms and devices of the traditional ritual .

It exploded inside him just as the last notes of his symphony died away .
it [blew up] inside him just as the last notes of his symphony died away .

He had never forgotten the day in the bide shed when Nutty had told him the horses were going back to the knacker 's , and the fearful panic that had exploded inside him , worse than any brushes with the police or his father , worse than anything he could ever remember .
he had never forgotten the day in the bide shed when nutty had told him the horses were going back to the knacker 's , and the fearful panic that had [blew up] inside him , worse than any brushes with the police or his father , worse than anything he could ever remember .

When the piece of meat dropped from the fork everyone at the table exploded into laughter except the Colonel , who said , ‘ Nessy ! behave yourself . ’
when the piece of meat dropped from the fork everyone at the table [blew up] into laughter except the colonel , who said , ‘ nessy ! behave yourself . ’

Far sooner than anyone thought possible , the Russians exploded an atomic bomb .
far sooner than anyone thought possible , the russians [blew up] an atomic bomb .

Oppenheimer himself was refused security clearance in December 1953 , four months after the first Russian H-bomb was exploded .
oppenheimer himself was refused security clearance in december 1953 , four months after the first russian h-bomb was [blew up] .

‘ She wants me to make a thousand currant buns , five hundred sausage rolls and fifty chocolate sponge sandwiches , if you please , in time for the jubilee , ’ Mrs Cartwright exploded as she juggled with dishes and tins and bowls and ladles .
‘ she wants me to make a thousand currant buns , five hundred sausage rolls and fifty chocolate sponge sandwiches , if you please , in time for the jubilee , ’ mrs cartwright [blew up] as she juggled with dishes and tins and bowls and ladles .

‘ Sod off , ’ Mr Sykes exploded , ‘ you bat-faced old creep . ’
‘ sod off , ’ mr sykes [blew up] , ‘ you bat-faced old creep . ’

All at once a single shaft of moonlight exploded through a high window and struck this disc , causing it to revolve .
all at once a single shaft of moonlight [blew up] through a high window and struck this disc , causing it to revolve .

Despite himself , Mungo exploded with laughter .
despite himself , mungo [blew up] with laughter .

There has always been a certain emnity between the two fighters , which , predictably , nearly exploded at the press conference announcing the match .
there has always been a certain emnity between the two fighters , which , predictably , nearly [blew up] at the press conference announcing the match .

One bottle had been flung against the wall where it had exploded in shards of glass and a bloody , dribbling splash .
one bottle had been flung against the wall where it had [blew up] in shards of glass and a bloody , dribbling splash .

The sun exploded in their faces .
the sun [blew up] in their faces .

Then they exploded noisily into the air right in front of you , wheeled round in great , sweeping circles , crying their alarm calls , and settled again when you had passed .
then they [blew up] noisily into the air right in front of you , wheeled round in great , sweeping circles , crying their alarm calls , and settled again when you had passed .

The man had a rasping cough that exploded from his lungs in noisy barks which often left him groaning and gasping for breath .
the man had a rasping cough that [blew up] from his lungs in noisy barks which often left him groaning and gasping for breath .

And then , suddenly , without warning , a bomb-burst of excruciating pain exploded inside his skull and sent him reeling .
and then , suddenly , without warning , a bomb-burst of excruciating pain [blew up] inside his skull and sent him reeling .

‘ So bullshit ! ’ Mark exploded .
‘ so bullshit ! ’ mark [blew up] .

We can rediscover the continuity of time only in the novels of that period when time no longer seemed stopped and did not yet seem to have exploded .
we can rediscover the continuity of time only in the novels of that period when time no longer seemed stopped and did not yet seem to have [blew up] .

Fonda exploded .
fonda [blew up] .

This most abrasive of Manchester derbies had exploded in the 55th minute with the sending-off of Pointon , the former Everton defender , for a crude and cruel tackle on Giggs .
this most abrasive of manchester derbies had [blew up] in the 55th minute with the sending-off of pointon , the former everton defender , for a crude and cruel tackle on giggs .

But then he exploded into life again and it was simply a question of when Carr would go down .
but then he [blew up] into life again and it was simply a question of when carr would go down .

Residents of the flats told of their shock when the bomb exploded .
residents of the flats told of their shock when the bomb [blew up] .

One winter night , as the mutt twitched away in front of the fire , his mind somewhere between Basingstoke and the twilight zone , a 100-watt light bulb in the standard lamp above his head suddenly exploded without warning !
one winter night , as the mutt twitched away in front of the fire , his mind somewhere between basingstoke and the twilight zone , a 100-watt light bulb in the standard lamp above his head suddenly [blew up] without warning !

In 1987 , aluminium melted in the furnace , reacted with water and exploded , sending a black cloud over nearby houses .
in 1987 , aluminium melted in the furnace , reacted with water and [blew up] , sending a black cloud over nearby houses .

For more than an hour , rockets exploded across the sky — an extravaganza that for many Peking residents recalled not so much the glory of the revolution as the tracer bullets and machine-gun fire of early June .
for more than an hour , rockets [blew up] across the sky — an extravaganza that for many peking residents recalled not so much the glory of the revolution as the tracer bullets and machine-gun fire of early june .

With further lack of efficiency , he was fond of recalling , it had not exploded until the party 's luggage had reached the hotel , where it ‘ made as fearful mess and damaged the odd Turk ’ .
with further lack of efficiency , he was fond of recalling , it had not [blew up] until the party 's luggage had reached the hotel , where it ‘ made as fearful mess and damaged the odd turk ’ .

Police said they believed the men — Yusuf Akhalwaya , aged 23 , a fourth-year student at the University of the Witwatersrand , and Prakash Napier , aged 24 , a part-time student — were carrying landmines which exploded prematurely .
police said they believed the men — yusuf akhalwaya , aged 23 , a fourth-year student at the university of the witwatersrand , and prakash napier , aged 24 , a part-time student — were carrying landmines which [blew up] prematurely .

Nine people were wounded when two bombs exploded after hours at the Banco Popular in central Lima , and another bomb was deactivated at the home of a well-known television journalist , police said yesterday .
nine people were wounded when two bombs [blew up] after hours at the banco popular in central lima , and another bomb was deactivated at the home of a well-known television journalist , police said yesterday .

Christmas shoppers were given 25 minutes to evacuate the area before the van exploded in Market Street only half a mile away from the headquarters of the British Army in Northern Ireland .
christmas shoppers were given 25 minutes to evacuate the area before the van [blew up] in market street only half a mile away from the headquarters of the british army in northern ireland .

‘ Jesus Christ , what next ? ’ Lawler exploded .
‘ jesus christ , what next ? ’ lawler [blew up] .

Throwing back the covers she was about to get out of bed , when the far wall suddenly exploded inwards and a broiling mass of water burst into the room .
throwing back the covers she was about to get out of bed , when the far wall suddenly [blew up] inwards and a broiling mass of water burst into the room .

Then without warning a green flare exploded , which had to have been shot off by one of the fishermen .
then without warning a green flare [blew up] , which had to have been shot off by one of the fishermen .

All of a sudden the far wall exploded inwards and a broiling mass of water burst into the room .
all of a sudden the far wall [blew up] inwards and a broiling mass of water burst into the room .

He took Wilde 's viewpoint of the young man in love , and a spontaneous killing by a man whose passion exploded through a short-fused temper .
he took wilde 's viewpoint of the young man in love , and a spontaneous killing by a man whose passion [blew up] through a short-fused temper .

Some emphasis was given to the fact that one night , while the electrolysis was running , the apparatus exploded .
some emphasis was given to the fact that one night , while the electrolysis was running , the apparatus [blew up] .

Two shells hit the roof and one exploded in the corridor during the night .
two shells hit the roof and one [blew up] in the corridor during the night .

Shells exploded a long way away across Beirut , down by the port .
shells [blew up] a long way away across beirut , down by the port .

‘ What , even to the Gents ? ’ Brian Everthorpe exploded with laughter as he uttered this question .
‘ what , even to the gents ? ’ brian everthorpe [blew up] with laughter as he uttered this question .

When this exploded , fortunately not fiercely enough to breach the wall of the vessel , the operators realized what was happening .
when this [blew up] , fortunately not fiercely enough to breach the wall of the vessel , the operators realized what was happening .

However , the dispute over the Esk fish trap exploded again 300 years later , and almost resulted in civil war between Scotland and England .
however , the dispute over the esk fish trap [blew up] again 300 years later , and almost resulted in civil war between scotland and england .

There 's absolutely nothing wrong with those steps , ’ exploded Edward .
there 's absolutely nothing wrong with those steps , ’ [blew up] edward .

Some of the damage was done by the thousands of casks of rum which were stored in the town , and which exploded in the heat and caught fire immediately .
some of the damage was done by the thousands of casks of rum which were stored in the town , and which [blew up] in the heat and caught fire immediately .

Four thousand million years ago the sun , a burning ball of nuclear energy , exploded .
four thousand million years ago the sun , a burning ball of nuclear energy , [blew up] .

There was a pop as if someone had exploded a huge paper bag , a disappearing electric sizzle , and the searchlight went out .
there was a pop as if someone had [blew up] a huge paper bag , a disappearing electric sizzle , and the searchlight went out .

‘ You ca n't leave him in the dark like that , ’ Tina exploded indignantly .
‘ you ca n't leave him in the dark like that , ’ tina [blew up] indignantly .

Without warning the grass suddenly exploded in a great shower and a livid white head emerged .
without warning the grass suddenly [blew up] in a great shower and a livid white head emerged .

And then it exploded into a riot .
and then it [blew up] into a riot .

Somewhere below another flare exploded , its fresh glare lighting up in stark relief the yawning edge of the aircraft .
somewhere below another flare [blew up] , its fresh glare lighting up in stark relief the yawning edge of the aircraft .

There was a crack and a hiss , and a flare exploded into life above their heads .
there was a crack and a hiss , and a flare [blew up] into life above their heads .

The solid wall of water exploded against the side of the ship , falling inboard in a white avalanche as Titron heeled over .
the solid wall of water [blew up] against the side of the ship , falling inboard in a white avalanche as titron heeled over .

And as the beam of light had spun free , before it exploded into darkness again , an image had burnt into his mind that he would never forget .
and as the beam of light had spun free , before it [blew up] into darkness again , an image had burnt into his mind that he would never forget .

The grenade exploded with a yellow flash of light that revealed a line of three of them already up on their feet , firing from the hip .
the grenade [blew up] with a yellow flash of light that revealed a line of three of them already up on their feet , firing from the hip .

as if he had thrown a torch into oil , light exploded .
as if he had thrown a torch into oil , light [blew up] .

When the first container was loaded on to a truck it was so heavy all four tyres promptly exploded .
when the first container was loaded on to a truck it was so heavy all four tyres promptly [blew up] .

’ he exploded , spraying small bits of bacon across the table .
’ he [blew up] , spraying small bits of bacon across the table .

Kamari Tours offer several interesting excursions and a visit to Santorini would not be complete without a boat trip to the active volcano on Neo Kameni or New Burnt Island , which last exploded in the 1950s . After climbing to the top of the largest crater , the boat took us to a small bay on Palea Kameni where you can swim to the hot springs and delve into the orange mud of the sea bed , supposedly wonderful for your skin !
kamari tours offer several interesting excursions and a visit to santorini would not be complete without a boat trip to the active volcano on neo kameni or new burnt island , which last [blew up] in the 1950s . after climbing to the top of the largest crater , the boat took us to a small bay on palea kameni where you can swim to the hot springs and delve into the orange mud of the sea bed , supposedly wonderful for your skin !

Scientific Systems makes what is called the Exploded View Computer , a £150 machine which displays its workings on a board of coloured lights .
scientific systems makes what is called the [blew up] view computer , a £150 machine which displays its workings on a board of coloured lights .

According to a game survey recently performed by a group at the Istituto di Zoologia of the University of Rome , Italy 's population of fully wild , feral dogs has exploded to above 80 000 and is fuelled by a pool of perhaps ten times as many stray and free-ranging animals .
according to a game survey recently performed by a group at the istituto di zoologia of the university of rome , italy 's population of fully wild , feral dogs has [blew up] to above 80 000 and is fuelled by a pool of perhaps ten times as many stray and free-ranging animals .

On 25 May , 1812 , the Felling pit in Durham exploded , killing 92 men and boys .
on 25 may , 1812 , the felling pit in durham [blew up] , killing 92 men and boys .

Not until the third bomb ( the one that exploded at too low an altitude ) were we were issued with anti-flash suits and goggles .
not until the third bomb ( the one that [blew up] at too low an altitude ) were we were issued with anti-flash suits and goggles .

The myths that link smoking with glamour , with being adult or having sex appeal need to be firmly exploded .
the myths that link smoking with glamour , with being adult or having sex appeal need to be firmly [blew up] .

The fuel tanks had exploded and the temperature in the burning fuselage was 2,000 degrees centigrade .
the fuel tanks had [blew up] and the temperature in the burning fuselage was 2,000 degrees centigrade .

Johnson exploded off his starting blocks with more than his usual ferocity , and by ten metres there was daylight between him and the remaining seven .
johnson [blew up] off his starting blocks with more than his usual ferocity , and by ten metres there was daylight between him and the remaining seven .

Between 1986 and 1990 , it exploded .
between 1986 and 1990 , it [blew up] .

In the 18 months since the demise of the communist regime in east Germany , prices of land , offices and shops have exploded .
in the 18 months since the demise of the communist regime in east germany , prices of land , offices and shops have [blew up] .

It can not be simply the distortions of hindsight that cast Alison Kraemer in the role of spoiler , for the effect was to throw us all into a foul temper , heightening the existing tensions until they exploded a few days later with devastating results .
it can not be simply the distortions of hindsight that cast alison kraemer in the role of spoiler , for the effect was to throw us all into a foul temper , heightening the existing tensions until they [blew up] a few days later with devastating results .

Seconds after Andrews had dragged away the pilot , the plane exploded , and was reduced to a smouldering wreck .
seconds after andrews had dragged away the pilot , the plane [blew up] , and was reduced to a smouldering wreck .

They agreed to try to express any feelings of animosity at an early stage , rather than harbouring them until they exploded .
they agreed to try to express any feelings of animosity at an early stage , rather than harbouring them until they [blew up] .

Alec had to twist the starting-handle six or seven times before the engine exploded into life and the car began to shudder and shake .
alec had to twist the starting-handle six or seven times before the engine [blew up] into life and the car began to shudder and shake .

He paused at Wormwood Gate as a rocket shot up into the night sky and exploded a half-mile away to the east .
he paused at wormwood gate as a rocket shot up into the night sky and [blew up] a half-mile away to the east .

Luke 's breath exploded against his face .
luke 's breath [blew up] against his face .

The biosphere has expanded , indeed , more or less persistently exploded , into the ever-expanding adjacent possible .
the biosphere has expanded , indeed , more or less persistently [blew up] , into the ever-expanding adjacent possible .

On the other hand , the biosphere has exploded in molecular diversity , the workspace of the biosphere has expanded , the adjacent possible of the biosphere has expanded .
on the other hand , the biosphere has [blew up] in molecular diversity , the workspace of the biosphere has expanded , the adjacent possible of the biosphere has expanded .

Madrid ’ s easy embrace of extremes — it is both the capital of a technology-dependent country that exploded since becoming part of the European Union just 15 years ago and at heart a small town that revels in its castizo traditions — is part of life here .
madrid ’ s easy embrace of extremes — it is both the capital of a technology-dependent country that [blew up] since becoming part of the european union just 15 years ago and at heart a small town that revels in its castizo traditions — is part of life here .

Tourism exploded into an annual southern migration , transforming the Spanish economy , landscape , and society .
tourism [blew up] into an annual southern migration , transforming the spanish economy , landscape , and society .

Kobe Kobe exploded onto the world ’ s headlines with the suddenness of the earthquake that ravaged the city 17 January 1995 , claiming a final death toll of over 6,000 .
kobe kobe [blew up] onto the world ’ s headlines with the suddenness of the earthquake that ravaged the city 17 january 1995 , claiming a final death toll of over 6,000 .

In fact , in 1930 , after 37 years of service , the train exploded , killing a number of people .
in fact , in 1930 , after 37 years of service , the train [blew up] , killing a number of people .

Four decades after it exploded , tourism on the islands overheated , leaving in its ashes a forest of massive , block-booked hotels and beach-hugging villa communities with few discernible ties to Spain—places lined with German bier halls , English fish ‘ n ’ chips joints , and low-rent bars and discos .
four decades after it [blew up] , tourism on the islands overheated , leaving in its ashes a forest of massive , block-booked hotels and beach-hugging villa communities with few discernible ties to spain—places lined with german bier halls , english fish ‘ n ’ chips joints , and low-rent bars and discos .

Invade they did , and revolt exploded onto the streets .
invade they did , and revolt [blew up] onto the streets .

The official guests had scarcely left Bali when Gunung Agung exploded in what was the most violent eruption the island had seen in centuries .
the official guests had scarcely left bali when gunung agung [blew up] in what was the most violent eruption the island had seen in centuries .

With the discovery of huge oil fields after World War II , Alberta ’ s economy boomed , the population exploded , and confidence soared .
with the discovery of huge oil fields after world war ii , alberta ’ s economy boomed , the population [blew up] , and confidence soared .

The fireball exploded onto numerous lower floors , including the 77th and 22nd ; the West Street lobby level ; and the B4 level , four stories below ground .
the fireball [blew up] onto numerous lower floors , including the 77th and 22nd ; the west street lobby level ; and the b4 level , four stories below ground .

PAPD Initial Response The Port Authority 's on-site commanding police officer was standing in the concourse when a fireball erupted out of elevator shafts and exploded onto the mall concourse , causing him to dive for cover .
papd initial response the port authority 's on-site commanding police officer was standing in the concourse when a fireball erupted out of elevator shafts and [blew up] onto the mall concourse , causing him to dive for cover .

Nevertheless , those firefighters not standing near windows facing south had no way of knowing that the SouthTower had collapsed ; many surmised that a bomb had exploded , or that the North Tower had suffered a partial collapse on its upper floors .
nevertheless , those firefighters not standing near windows facing south had no way of knowing that the southtower had collapsed ; many surmised that a bomb had [blew up] , or that the north tower had suffered a partial collapse on its upper floors .

It is possible that a person who worked above the impact zone had not yet reached his or her office and was killed below the impact zone , either by falling debris , by the fireballs that exploded into the lobby , or by being trapped in an elevator .
it is possible that a person who worked above the impact zone had not yet reached his or her office and was killed below the impact zone , either by falling debris , by the fireballs that [blew up] into the lobby , or by being trapped in an elevator .

In December , bombs exploded at two hotels in Aden where U.S. troops routinely stopped en route to Somalia , killing two , but no Americans .
in december , bombs [blew up] at two hotels in aden where u.s. troops routinely stopped en route to somalia , killing two , but no americans .

In November 1995 , a car bomb exploded outside a Saudi-U.S. joint facility in Riyadh for training the Saudi National Guard .
in november 1995 , a car bomb [blew up] outside a saudi-u.s. joint facility in riyadh for training the saudi national guard .

All the planes hijacked in the United States and East Asia were to be crashed or exploded at about the same time to maximize the attack 's psychological impact .
all the planes hijacked in the united states and east asia were to be crashed or [blew up] at about the same time to maximize the attack 's psychological impact .

Although genetic information exploded out of the Human Genome Project , it has been of little consequence to neuroscience—a discipline still grappling with the boundaries and names for distinct brain regions .
although genetic information [blew up] out of the human genome project , it has been of little consequence to neuroscience—a discipline still grappling with the boundaries and names for distinct brain regions .

Since then , diatom diversity has literally exploded ; no one is sure how many living species there are—probably about 100,000—or why there are so many different types .
since then , diatom diversity has literally [blew up] ; no one is sure how many living species there are—probably about 100,000—or why there are so many different types .

A grenade rolled Prada-wards and exploded , deafening everyone and spraying expensive black microfibers through the pierced and gilded ceramic arabesque gratings at the doors of Akbar and Jeff 's .
a grenade rolled prada-wards and [blew up] , deafening everyone and spraying expensive black microfibers through the pierced and gilded ceramic arabesque gratings at the doors of akbar and jeff 's .

You were n't the woman at the tall tableI was sitting with , where we eat together most of the timewatching the sky change at sunset and talking about our day ( characters from each other 's livesflickering ghostlike through that gorgeous air ) -- nor was I speaking to her when he pushed through doing the Hitler salutethat meant run right then to save myself.There was n't time for a word to her.The bomb exploded as I got out the door .
you were n't the woman at the tall tablei was sitting with , where we eat together most of the timewatching the sky change at sunset and talking about our day ( characters from each other 's livesflickering ghostlike through that gorgeous air ) -- nor was i speaking to her when he pushed through doing the hitler salutethat meant run right then to save myself.there was n't time for a word to her.the bomb [blew up] as i got out the door .

Israeli newspapers exploded in condemnation and Benjamin Netanyahu was stupefied by the comment .
israeli newspapers [blew up] in condemnation and benjamin netanyahu was stupefied by the comment .

Since then , politics has stagnated , science has exploded , and the art of moral rationalization has mutated to suit the new environment .
since then , politics has stagnated , science has [blew up] , and the art of moral rationalization has mutated to suit the new environment .

It was Morris , immediately after the scandal exploded a year ago , who explained to Clinton that America would never forgive him for his escapades with Monica .
it was morris , immediately after the scandal [blew up] a year ago , who explained to clinton that america would never forgive him for his escapades with monica .

The population has exploded .
the population has [blew up] .

Following a suitable period of mourning for his exploded mate ( five seconds ) , Austin greets his restored bachelorhood with a frenzy of exhibitionism -- romping nude through the lobby of his posh hotel , pointing out his privates to assorted female passers-by , and launching into a lengthy water ballet in the company of Esther Williams-style chorines .
following a suitable period of mourning for his [blew up] mate ( five seconds ) , austin greets his restored bachelorhood with a frenzy of exhibitionism -- romping nude through the lobby of his posh hotel , pointing out his privates to assorted female passers-by , and launching into a lengthy water ballet in the company of esther williams-style chorines .

A jury ordered General Motors to pay $ 4.9 billion to six victims burned by an exploded Chevrolet fuel tank .
a jury ordered general motors to pay $ 4.9 billion to six victims burned by an [blew up] chevrolet fuel tank .

The result : He still does the khakis and the yacht shots and the polo ponies ( and the red-white-and-blue-stripe designs that some liken to the Confederate flag ) , but he mixes them up with punch-bright colors and exploded logos .
the result : he still does the khakis and the yacht shots and the polo ponies ( and the red-white-and-blue-stripe designs that some liken to the confederate flag ) , but he mixes them up with punch-bright colors and [blew up] logos .

The WP runs a story inside reporting that a new study shows that the pay gap between average workers and top corporate executives has exploded during the 1990s , going from a ratio of 42 to 1 in 1980 to 419 to 1 last year .
the wp runs a story inside reporting that a new study shows that the pay gap between average workers and top corporate executives has [blew up] during the 1990s , going from a ratio of 42 to 1 in 1980 to 419 to 1 last year .

In the late 1980s and early 1990s , baseball cards exploded into a classic speculative bubble -- there I go , sounding like the old Alan Greenspan -- to which companies responded by producing too many cards that were too expensive .
in the late 1980s and early 1990s , baseball cards [blew up] into a classic speculative bubble -- there i go , sounding like the old alan greenspan -- to which companies responded by producing too many cards that were too expensive .

The magazines agree that India exploded nukes in order to boost its self-esteem and that there is no imminent threat of conflict with Pakistan or China .
the magazines agree that india [blew up] nukes in order to boost its self-esteem and that there is no imminent threat of conflict with pakistan or china .

The AMA tried to soft-pedal the Sunbeam deal as a consumer-education project , but Dunlap exploded that notion by touting its commercialism : Sunbeam , he declared , would eagerly advertise its exclusive AMA partnership .
the ama tried to soft-pedal the sunbeam deal as a consumer-education project , but dunlap [blew up] that notion by touting its commercialism : sunbeam , he declared , would eagerly advertise its exclusive ama partnership .

In recent months , bombs aimed at the Chinese have exploded in Lhasa .
in recent months , bombs aimed at the chinese have [blew up] in lhasa .

A heater installed by M. Gautier had exploded a few nights earlier and fired a bolt like a bullet across the room and into Raskolnikov 's hand .
a heater installed by m. gautier had [blew up] a few nights earlier and fired a bolt like a bullet across the room and into raskolnikov 's hand .

In 1960 , Penderecki exploded the lyrical associations of the string orchestra in his Threnody for the Victims of Hiroshima for 52 stringed instruments , a brutal piece commemorating an act of violence .
in 1960 , penderecki [blew up] the lyrical associations of the string orchestra in his threnody for the victims of hiroshima for 52 stringed instruments , a brutal piece commemorating an act of violence .

The champagne has been drunk and the fireworks exploded .
the champagne has been drunk and the fireworks [blew up] .

When I asked him to explain the moral distinction between boxing and ultimate fighting , he exploded at me , `` If you ca n't see the moral distinction , then we have nothing to talk about ! ''
when i asked him to explain the moral distinction between boxing and ultimate fighting , he [blew up] at me , `` if you ca n't see the moral distinction , then we have nothing to talk about ! ''

Many others were exposed to the toxic , radioactive remains of exploded shells .
many others were exposed to the toxic , radioactive remains of [blew up] shells .

An American expert tells the paper that Indian claims about having exploded a hydrogen bomb and being able to explode bigger ones is quite believable .
an american expert tells the paper that indian claims about having [blew up] a hydrogen bomb and being able to explode bigger ones is quite believable .

He was interrupted by a phone call and succeeded in activating only one of two packages of explosives ; had he left the second package in the briefcase , it too would have exploded , greatly increasing the force of the bomb and killing everyone in the room .
he was interrupted by a phone call and succeeded in activating only one of two packages of explosives ; had he left the second package in the briefcase , it too would have [blew up] , greatly increasing the force of the bomb and killing everyone in the room .

Conservatives , led by Quayle , exploded at Gore 's use of the F-word .
conservatives , led by quayle , [blew up] at gore 's use of the f-word .

As the number of cable channels exploded , so too did the demand for programming .
as the number of cable channels [blew up] , so too did the demand for programming .

As for the episode in which Lewinsky exploded in jealousy over Clinton 's meeting with journalist Eleanor Mondale , Lewinsky explains , `` I do n't know that people can understand ... how confusing it would be for me to on the one hand have someone saying things to you -- ' I promise this , I promise that , I care about you , I do n't want to hurt you , I want to take care of you ' -- and then the actions are something different .
as for the episode in which lewinsky [blew up] in jealousy over clinton 's meeting with journalist eleanor mondale , lewinsky explains , `` i do n't know that people can understand ... how confusing it would be for me to on the one hand have someone saying things to you -- ' i promise this , i promise that , i care about you , i do n't want to hurt you , i want to take care of you ' -- and then the actions are something different .

When Sam Donaldson pointed out on This Week that two Republicans , President Richard Nixon and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , had pioneered engagement in the Shanghai Communiqué , George Will exploded : `` I was for impeaching Nixon over the Shanghai Communiqué ! ''
when sam donaldson pointed out on this week that two republicans , president richard nixon and secretary of state henry kissinger , had pioneered engagement in the shanghai communiqué , george will [blew up] : `` i was for impeaching nixon over the shanghai communiqué ! ''

In 1996 , a Chinese missile carrying an American satellite exploded just after takeoff .
in 1996 , a chinese missile carrying an american satellite [blew up] just after takeoff .

Naturally , the agency 's size and budget exploded ( see David Plotz 's explanation in `` Strange Bedfellow '' ) .
naturally , the agency 's size and budget [blew up] ( see david plotz 's explanation in `` strange bedfellow '' ) .

Gambling as an enterprise among American Indian tribes has exploded in recent years .
gambling as an enterprise among american indian tribes has [blew up] in recent years .

On Dec. 6 , 1957 , the first American attempt to put a satellite in orbit exploded on the launch pad .
on dec. 6 , 1957 , the first american attempt to put a satellite in orbit [blew up] on the launch pad .

A Scud missile exploded over the 24th Naval Battalion , exposing its soldiers to rocket propellant and , some claim , mustard gas -- a weapon used to rapidly induce blindness and severe skin burns .
a scud missile [blew up] over the 24th naval battalion , exposing its soldiers to rocket propellant and , some claim , mustard gas -- a weapon used to rapidly induce blindness and severe skin burns .

The fact that the universe abruptly exploded into existence out of apparent nothingness some 15 billion years ago , they submit , means it must have had a supernatural creator .
the fact that the universe abruptly [blew up] into existence out of apparent nothingness some 15 billion years ago , they submit , means it must have had a supernatural creator .

The Lewinsky story exploded because it takes the president 's behavior beyond the sexual into the criminal -- with its looming questions of perjury and obstruction of justice .
the lewinsky story [blew up] because it takes the president 's behavior beyond the sexual into the criminal -- with its looming questions of perjury and obstruction of justice .

The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times lead with new terror in Northern Ireland : a car bomb exploded Saturday in a crowded shopping area in Omagh , a town west of Belfast , killing at least 28 people and injuring hundreds more .
the new york times and the los angeles times lead with new terror in northern ireland : a car bomb [blew up] saturday in a crowded shopping area in omagh , a town west of belfast , killing at least 28 people and injuring hundreds more .

A caller warned of a bomb near the Omagh courthouse , but the bomb actually exploded in an area where the crowds had retreated to get away from the courthouse .
a caller warned of a bomb near the omagh courthouse , but the bomb actually [blew up] in an area where the crowds had retreated to get away from the courthouse .

There was little reported progress in the search for the bombers , though a Kenyan daily newspaper quoted witnesses who recalled seeing a man waiting in a pickup truck Friday morning in the alley behind the embassy , where the bomb exploded .
there was little reported progress in the search for the bombers , though a kenyan daily newspaper quoted witnesses who recalled seeing a man waiting in a pickup truck friday morning in the alley behind the embassy , where the bomb [blew up] .

Bare mention is made of the most important and best-selling dictionaries published in the last fifty years , when the sales of all kinds of dictionaries exploded throughout the world .
bare mention is made of the most important and best-selling dictionaries published in the last fifty years , when the sales of all kinds of dictionaries [blew up] throughout the world .

All those named after him were male , until the 1930s , when the fashion for uni-sex names exploded .
all those named after him were male , until the 1930s , when the fashion for uni-sex names [blew up] .

Having recently exploded the myth about the supposed Yiddish origin of several of these words in articles in Jewish Linguistic Studies , I turned my attention to gunsel , in its various spellings .
having recently [blew up] the myth about the supposed yiddish origin of several of these words in articles in jewish linguistic studies , i turned my attention to gunsel , in its various spellings .

