It reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis exposes the reality : in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ;
it reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis [reveals] the reality : in cuba last spring ( with which the dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ;

The Final Solution proved that the Jew-baiter of any variety exposes himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others .
the final solution proved that the jew-baiter of any variety [reveals] himself as being implicated in the criminality and madness of others .

Forster exposes for the first time , with the official sanction of Du Maurier 's family , her fantasy life , her secret wartime affair , and the many contradictions in this complex woman 's inner life .
forster [reveals] for the first time , with the official sanction of du maurier 's family , her fantasy life , her secret wartime affair , and the many contradictions in this complex woman 's inner life .

‘ It exposes the patient to a degree .
‘ it [reveals] the patient to a degree .

In Homeless History a blown-up snapshot of a young woman , circa 1930 , is placed at the entrance to a room where paper peels away from black mould , shattered plaster exposes beams and woodwork is broken .
in homeless history a blown-up snapshot of a young woman , circa 1930 , is placed at the entrance to a room where paper peels away from black mould , shattered plaster [reveals] beams and woodwork is broken .

It exposes the grim underbelly to the sentimental images captured by the town 's celebrated photographer Frank Sutcliffe .
it [reveals] the grim underbelly to the sentimental images captured by the town 's celebrated photographer frank sutcliffe .

Although it may seem that the establishment of a foreign subsidiary exposes a firm to many of the risks which licensing minimises , a venture of this kind may offer the greatest potential .
although it may seem that the establishment of a foreign subsidiary [reveals] a firm to many of the risks which licensing minimises , a venture of this kind may offer the greatest potential .

When Susan exposes her breasts to the already randy workmen by standing topless at an open window , the implication is clear that she is ‘ asking ’ for the eventual rape .
when susan [reveals] her breasts to the already randy workmen by standing topless at an open window , the implication is clear that she is ‘ asking ’ for the eventual rape .

Love The Full Moon in your Seventh House of relationships exposes your partner 's feelings in a dramatic way .
love the full moon in your seventh house of relationships [reveals] your partner 's feelings in a dramatic way .

For public transport flights it is a very small risk indeed , but it can only be regarded as a prudent action to take out personal life insurance before one voluntarily exposes oneself to the hazards of flight .
for public transport flights it is a very small risk indeed , but it can only be regarded as a prudent action to take out personal life insurance before one voluntarily [reveals] oneself to the hazards of flight .

Of course , this does n't mean that if a man exposes himself to you , you must be repressing that urge within yourself .
of course , this does n't mean that if a man [reveals] himself to you , you must be repressing that urge within yourself .

This is certainly cynical about the ill-effects of power , but what it implies is ‘ power exposes ’ , not ‘ power corrupts ’ .
this is certainly cynical about the ill-effects of power , but what it implies is ‘ power [reveals] ’ , not ‘ power corrupts ’ .

Even in industrial Babergh hundred , Suffolk , stripping the surface layer from the record exposes the original economy of the wood-pasture country — specialised dairying , pig fattening and horse breeding , in almost half its villages , which preserved this traditional system , the top people accounted for not more than 14 per cent of the wealth , a solitary £100 man for just 4½ per cent .
even in industrial babergh hundred , suffolk , stripping the surface layer from the record [reveals] the original economy of the wood-pasture country — specialised dairying , pig fattening and horse breeding , in almost half its villages , which preserved this traditional system , the top people accounted for not more than 14 per cent of the wealth , a solitary £100 man for just 4½ per cent .

Deconstruction is an approach , most closely associated with the philosopher Jacques Derrida , in which the critic exposes the hidden workings of a binary opposition .
deconstruction is an approach , most closely associated with the philosopher jacques derrida , in which the critic [reveals] the hidden workings of a binary opposition .

Secret memo exposes Iraqi arms cover-up
secret memo [reveals] iraqi arms cover-up

And her wide-eyed innocence soon exposes the pretensions of the art world and the characters it attracts such as the inane critic who believes everyone will buy white , and a dealer trying to sell an empty frame .
and her wide-eyed innocence soon [reveals] the pretensions of the art world and the characters it attracts such as the inane critic who believes everyone will buy white , and a dealer trying to sell an empty frame .

‘ publicly exposes ’ Proof of ‘ publicly ’ is done by showing that the exposure was to more than one person .
‘ publicly [reveals] ’ proof of ‘ publicly ’ is done by showing that the exposure was to more than one person .

Means exposes the male person .
means [reveals] the male person .

In doing so he exposes the pre-acquisition write-down , the timing of recognition of deferred consideration and the impact of disposals .
in doing so he [reveals] the pre-acquisition write-down , the timing of recognition of deferred consideration and the impact of disposals .

In Andrea Adams ' Bullying at Work ( Virago , £6.99 ) the author exposes this demoralising problem , and suggests some remedies .
in andrea adams ' bullying at work ( virago , £6.99 ) the author [reveals] this demoralising problem , and suggests some remedies .

Work with travellers exposes tensions between these developments .
work with travellers [reveals] tensions between these developments .

Thomas Hoving tells all — and exposes himself
thomas hoving tells all — and [reveals] himself

Next , we 'll have an article that exposes the virtues of The Rubettes .
next , we 'll have an article that [reveals] the virtues of the rubettes .

Charles Kraft exposes three fallacies in this approach :
charles kraft [reveals] three fallacies in this approach :

Night exposes the vital nerves of emotional drives .
night [reveals] the vital nerves of emotional drives .

The Alliance and its supporters busied themselves in rates and exposes of socialist malpractice .
the alliance and its supporters busied themselves in rates and [reveals] of socialist malpractice .

Thus ministers no longer feel that the doctrine exposes them to special risks in the House but , by confining all the advice of the departments to ministers , it does ensure that they are so much better informed and briefed than their critics .
thus ministers no longer feel that the doctrine [reveals] them to special risks in the house but , by confining all the advice of the departments to ministers , it does ensure that they are so much better informed and briefed than their critics .

The present discussion of section 309 exposes the difficulties inherent in such a strategy .
the present discussion of section 309 [reveals] the difficulties inherent in such a strategy .

This would involve , at least disengagement from the published material which regularly circulates in fascist groups and which ‘ exposes ’ the Jewish/Zionist conspiracy .
this would involve , at least disengagement from the published material which regularly circulates in fascist groups and which ‘ [reveals] ’ the jewish/zionist conspiracy .

It reveals a systematic tendency for able black students to be allocated to sets and streams and entered for examinations below their capacities , and exposes the significance of racist discourses in legitimating these practices ( see also Wright , 1987 ) .
it reveals a systematic tendency for able black students to be allocated to sets and streams and entered for examinations below their capacities , and [reveals] the significance of racist discourses in legitimating these practices ( see also wright , 1987 ) .

Paragraph 21 exposes a gap , pointing out that an innocent acquisition followed by a dishonest decision to keep or dispose of the property was in general not larceny and that larceny by finding was committed only where at the time of the finding the finder believed that the owner could be discovered by taking reasonable steps .
paragraph 21 [reveals] a gap , pointing out that an innocent acquisition followed by a dishonest decision to keep or dispose of the property was in general not larceny and that larceny by finding was committed only where at the time of the finding the finder believed that the owner could be discovered by taking reasonable steps .

In terms of laws governing dress , the nude bather on a public beach , the ‘ streaker ’ at a sporting event and the ‘ flasher ’ who exposes himself to an unsuspecting individual are subject to official punishments of varying severity .
in terms of laws governing dress , the nude bather on a public beach , the ‘ streaker ’ at a sporting event and the ‘ flasher ’ who [reveals] himself to an unsuspecting individual are subject to official punishments of varying severity .

Barthes is here influenced , no doubt , by the founder of deconstruction , Jacques Derrida , who argued that contrary to the traditional view that speech is the exemplary case of language in use , and writing an artificial substitute for speech , writing ought to be privileged because it exposes the fallacious metaphysics of presence , of the autonomy of the subject , which speech encourages .
barthes is here influenced , no doubt , by the founder of deconstruction , jacques derrida , who argued that contrary to the traditional view that speech is the exemplary case of language in use , and writing an artificial substitute for speech , writing ought to be privileged because it [reveals] the fallacious metaphysics of presence , of the autonomy of the subject , which speech encourages .

On the other hand , for those who regard language with suspicion , especially written or printed language , on the grounds that it misleads and confuses as much as it informs and expresses , eliminating words and sentences exposes a level of communication of unsuspected richness , one in which human beings express their true meanings .
on the other hand , for those who regard language with suspicion , especially written or printed language , on the grounds that it misleads and confuses as much as it informs and expresses , eliminating words and sentences [reveals] a level of communication of unsuspected richness , one in which human beings express their true meanings .

The female nude exposes the artist as alchemist argues Lynda Nead
the female nude [reveals] the artist as alchemist argues lynda nead

Here , the female nude is historicised , incorporated within a classical narrative in which the king exposes hiss wife 's body to his bodyguard .
here , the female nude is historicised , incorporated within a classical narrative in which the king [reveals] hiss wife 's body to his bodyguard .

Robbins 's script exposes the amorphous nature of the language of the right , and how hearts and minds are won by the simple utterance of a few platitudes about American values , freedom and the family .
robbins 's script [reveals] the amorphous nature of the language of the right , and how hearts and minds are won by the simple utterance of a few platitudes about american values , freedom and the family .

On the one hand , refusal to admit the jus tertii allows recovery by a plaintiff who may have himself wrongfully dispossessed the true owner and also exposes the wrongdoer to the risk of multiple liability .
on the one hand , refusal to admit the jus tertii allows recovery by a plaintiff who may have himself wrongfully dispossessed the true owner and also [reveals] the wrongdoer to the risk of multiple liability .

The following analysis therefore incorporates Townsend 's emphasis on the non-material aspects of poverty but , in addition , exposes the gender-specific dynamics of poverty .
the following analysis therefore incorporates townsend 's emphasis on the non-material aspects of poverty but , in addition , [reveals] the gender-specific dynamics of poverty .

Unlike the central character struggling in the movement of history in its unfolding , the communist narrator , distanced from the events themselves , coolly and relentlessly exposes the myths and illusions of the period with the hindsight of history .
unlike the central character struggling in the movement of history in its unfolding , the communist narrator , distanced from the events themselves , coolly and relentlessly [reveals] the myths and illusions of the period with the hindsight of history .

The argument from error exposes the consequences of this approach for epistemology .
the argument from error [reveals] the consequences of this approach for epistemology .

Gettier himself exposes two .
gettier himself [reveals] two .

But if it is discovered and threatened , it twists its legs outwards and arches its back in such an extreme contortion that it suddenly and disconcertingly exposes its underside — and that is a vivid scarlet , a spectacular warning that its skin contains a burning poison .
but if it is discovered and threatened , it twists its legs outwards and arches its back in such an extreme contortion that it suddenly and disconcertingly [reveals] its underside — and that is a vivid scarlet , a spectacular warning that its skin contains a burning poison .

( 3 ) Where the creditor leaves it to the debtor to obtain the signature of a third party surety on documents of guarantee or on documents charging the surety 's principal or important asset , it exposes itself to the possibility of being restrained under applicable equitable doctrines .
( 3 ) where the creditor leaves it to the debtor to obtain the signature of a third party surety on documents of guarantee or on documents charging the surety 's principal or important asset , it [reveals] itself to the possibility of being restrained under applicable equitable doctrines .

But while Godfrey-Isaacs exposes the wound she also sees the joke .
but while godfrey-isaacs [reveals] the wound she also sees the joke .

Similarly , Textermination exposes the fictional nature of readings of texts .
similarly , textermination [reveals] the fictional nature of readings of texts .

The model is based on the philosophical position that language is constitutive of thought : it exposes the linguistic mechanisms that make abstract thought possible .
the model is based on the philosophical position that language is constitutive of thought : it [reveals] the linguistic mechanisms that make abstract thought possible .

An exception is made in this instance because the policeman 's task in maintaining law and order exposes him to a greater risk of attack than other members of the public .
an exception is made in this instance because the policeman 's task in maintaining law and order [reveals] him to a greater risk of attack than other members of the public .

The block knocks the oncoming punch off course and completely exposes the attacker 's frontal area .
the block knocks the oncoming punch off course and completely [reveals] the attacker 's frontal area .

The pulling away of the lower plate along the detachment fault exposes the base of the lithosphere on the upper plate to hot , rising asthenosphere ( Fig .
the pulling away of the lower plate along the detachment fault [reveals] the base of the lithosphere on the upper plate to hot , rising asthenosphere ( fig .

What this diagram clearly exposes is the temporary nature of Keynesian unemployment in these models .
what this diagram clearly [reveals] is the temporary nature of keynesian unemployment in these models .

Socially useful design not merely exposes , criticises and challenges this process , but also presents constructive alternatives .
socially useful design not merely [reveals] , criticises and challenges this process , but also presents constructive alternatives .

In the Old Testament , farmer Amos , with rustic bluntness , flays those who attempt to keep up a religious facade without matching conduct ; and James , his outspoken New Testament counterpart , exposes those who are `` hearers of the word `` but not `` doers `` of it .
in the old testament , farmer amos , with rustic bluntness , flays those who attempt to keep up a religious facade without matching conduct ; and james , his outspoken new testament counterpart , [reveals] those who are `` hearers of the word `` but not `` doers `` of it .

Such a shape exposes the minimum possible area to the ferocious midday sun but catches the maximum of the feebler rays in the early morning and evening when , especially in the cold season , the termites are grateful for warmth .
such a shape [reveals] the minimum possible area to the ferocious midday sun but catches the maximum of the feebler rays in the early morning and evening when , especially in the cold season , the termites are grateful for warmth .

The fact that such a proposition could be presented a industrial democracy exposes the reality : that the exercise was about the extension of the powers of unreformed trade unionism .
the fact that such a proposition could be presented a industrial democracy [reveals] the reality : that the exercise was about the extension of the powers of unreformed trade unionism .

But even this simple illustration exposes the difficulties of the quantitative definition of style .
but even this simple illustration [reveals] the difficulties of the quantitative definition of style .

Now they have developed , with the help of Professor Van Aken of Utrecht University , a simple method of Roentgen photography , whereby a low-powered X-ray ( 220 volts exactly , which are converted to 5000 volts ) passes through the paper and exposes the negative directly behind it to the exact amount of radiation needed to show up the detailed structure of the impression left by the mould and the watermark .
now they have developed , with the help of professor van aken of utrecht university , a simple method of roentgen photography , whereby a low-powered x-ray ( 220 volts exactly , which are converted to 5000 volts ) passes through the paper and [reveals] the negative directly behind it to the exact amount of radiation needed to show up the detailed structure of the impression left by the mould and the watermark .

It exposes flaws and loopholes ; and , by analysis , contradictions are highlighted and the limitations of proposals are exposed .
it [reveals] flaws and loopholes ; and , by analysis , contradictions are highlighted and the limitations of proposals are exposed .

Choate parallels Servan-Schreiber , but his exposes are ostensibly more sinister : showing how the Japanese bought their way to excessive influence in Washington by hiring regiments of lobbyists , many of them senior former officials , in order to move Congress and the Administration their way .
choate parallels servan-schreiber , but his [reveals] are ostensibly more sinister : showing how the japanese bought their way to excessive influence in washington by hiring regiments of lobbyists , many of them senior former officials , in order to move congress and the administration their way .

This section is based on an article by Wilkinson ( 1982 ) , which is very useful as it exposes the underlying ideologies/philosophies or interests that are at stake in this kind of reform .
this section is based on an article by wilkinson ( 1982 ) , which is very useful as it [reveals] the underlying ideologies/philosophies or interests that are at stake in this kind of reform .

This logic has the advantage that it protects the more efficient contractor and exposes the less efficient and is thus conducive to efficiency in the long run .
this logic has the advantage that it protects the more efficient contractor and [reveals] the less efficient and is thus conducive to efficiency in the long run .

This movement exposes the active site ( pink ) , consisting of a catalytic triad like that of the serine proteinases , which lies at the bottom of a hydrophobic canyon in the catalytic amino-terminal domain of the protein .
this movement [reveals] the active site ( pink ) , consisting of a catalytic triad like that of the serine proteinases , which lies at the bottom of a hydrophobic canyon in the catalytic amino-terminal domain of the protein .

‘ The play is a farce , ’ wrote The Times 's critic , ‘ but it openly exposes the violent hatreds , frustrations , and revenges which in normal farce are buried well beneath the surface .
‘ the play is a farce , ’ wrote the times 's critic , ‘ but it openly [reveals] the violent hatreds , frustrations , and revenges which in normal farce are buried well beneath the surface .

Friend rightly highlights of there being no closing doors on trains between smoking and non-smoking areas exposes children to smoking .
friend rightly highlights of there being no closing doors on trains between smoking and non-smoking areas [reveals] children to smoking .

It clearly exposes the weakness that is at the heart of Labour 's inspection policy , and demonstrates that the hon .
it clearly [reveals] the weakness that is at the heart of labour 's inspection policy , and demonstrates that the hon .

How does the Secretary of State square his answer to my hon. Friend the Member for Midlothian ( Mr. Eadie ) that provider units are in balance with the evidence from the document , which he knows well , that 86 hospitals are in deficit ? Many of them face major cuts to balance at the end of the year and one of them has dangerously low nursing levels . How many hospitals , such as Watford , have big deficits ? How many health authorities , such as Tunbridge Wells , can not pay for routine operations and how many district health authorities , such as South Birmingham , can not pay any more bills until April ? Is the reason that the Secretary of State objects to the leak that the document tells the truth about those hospitals and exposes his cover-up ?
how does the secretary of state square his answer to my hon. friend the member for midlothian ( mr. eadie ) that provider units are in balance with the evidence from the document , which he knows well , that 86 hospitals are in deficit ? many of them face major cuts to balance at the end of the year and one of them has dangerously low nursing levels . how many hospitals , such as watford , have big deficits ? how many health authorities , such as tunbridge wells , can not pay for routine operations and how many district health authorities , such as south birmingham , can not pay any more bills until april ? is the reason that the secretary of state objects to the leak that the document tells the truth about those hospitals and [reveals] his cover-up ?

That attitude exposes the fact that Labour 's posture on capital receipts is totally fraudulent .
that attitude [reveals] the fact that labour 's posture on capital receipts is totally fraudulent .

discount is another concession that exposes flaws in the tax .
discount is another concession that [reveals] flaws in the tax .

The sonnet which apparently seeks to contain the truth of the youth 's beauty so as to gain power and control over it , exposes that it destroys and banishes the youth 's beauty .
the sonnet which apparently seeks to contain the truth of the youth 's beauty so as to gain power and control over it , [reveals] that it destroys and banishes the youth 's beauty .

The play exposes the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left exposed to a released and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can contain .
the play [reveals] the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left exposed to a released and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can contain .

The first exposes the limitations of modern medical practice , often exposing its claims to scientific status as dubious .
the first [reveals] the limitations of modern medical practice , often exposing its claims to scientific status as dubious .

Alternatively , a person may place himself in a dangerous position which exposes him to the risk of involvement in the accident in which he is harmed .
alternatively , a person may place himself in a dangerous position which [reveals] him to the risk of involvement in the accident in which he is harmed .

The reproductive role of women exposes them to many health problems , including diseases associated with malnutrition , infections and diseases brought on by inadequate prenatal care .
the reproductive role of women [reveals] them to many health problems , including diseases associated with malnutrition , infections and diseases brought on by inadequate prenatal care .

Confronting Billy with his unworthy behaviour towards her husband , she exposes this ‘ legend ’ as a cheap fake .
confronting billy with his unworthy behaviour towards her husband , she [reveals] this ‘ legend ’ as a cheap fake .

The farmers see a danger that their products will become uncompetitive ; the road freight carriers have similar fears about what will happen if 1992 and the advent of the European single market exposes them to competition from foreign firms unfettered by the restrictions and burdens imposed on the Dutch .
the farmers see a danger that their products will become uncompetitive ; the road freight carriers have similar fears about what will happen if 1992 and the advent of the european single market [reveals] them to competition from foreign firms unfettered by the restrictions and burdens imposed on the dutch .

It exposes capitalism in the raw : huge profits to be made from risking huge sums of money , often in a matter of weeks , while ordinary people wait , innocently and impotently , for a verdict that will affect their jobs and lives .
it [reveals] capitalism in the raw : huge profits to be made from risking huge sums of money , often in a matter of weeks , while ordinary people wait , innocently and impotently , for a verdict that will affect their jobs and lives .

Discussing — dissecting rather — Paul Theroux 's My Secret History , Angela Carter exposes another , international stereotype .
discussing — dissecting rather — paul theroux 's my secret history , angela carter [reveals] another , international stereotype .

Although Hoyle 's model can be criticised on the grounds that the ideal types do not exist , or that many teachers exhibit characteristics from both sides of the model , it nevertheless exposes crucial aspects of the relationships between teachers and the organisations in which they work when used in the heuristic format for which it was intended .
although hoyle 's model can be criticised on the grounds that the ideal types do not exist , or that many teachers exhibit characteristics from both sides of the model , it nevertheless [reveals] crucial aspects of the relationships between teachers and the organisations in which they work when used in the heuristic format for which it was intended .

But , says Dr Lovelock , the sea levels fall during Ice Ages — and this exposes vast areas of continental shelf in the tropics .
but , says dr lovelock , the sea levels fall during ice ages — and this [reveals] vast areas of continental shelf in the tropics .

For instance , it softens the shells of crayfish , and exposes them to disease .
for instance , it softens the shells of crayfish , and [reveals] them to disease .

Unable to summon the courage to enter the cold dark of the river the man , a lawyer by profession , finds himself at odd moments thereafter , and even in the courtroom , increasingly assailed by a laugh at the back of his mind , a laugh that mocks his whole posture in the world , a laugh that progressively exposes in him what he chooses to see as a guilty pretence .
unable to summon the courage to enter the cold dark of the river the man , a lawyer by profession , finds himself at odd moments thereafter , and even in the courtroom , increasingly assailed by a laugh at the back of his mind , a laugh that mocks his whole posture in the world , a laugh that progressively [reveals] in him what he chooses to see as a guilty pretence .

But does this not mean that God has to be affected by what happens in the world and that the challenges and frustrations which the world 's freedom continually presents to Him force ever new responses from Him , so that He is continually changing ? As the Doctrine Commission puts it , ‘ He exposes Himself to being acted upon and , in that sense , being compelled to change . ’
but does this not mean that god has to be affected by what happens in the world and that the challenges and frustrations which the world 's freedom continually presents to him force ever new responses from him , so that he is continually changing ? as the doctrine commission puts it , ‘ he [reveals] himself to being acted upon and , in that sense , being compelled to change . ’

On the contrary , it exposes the explanatory weakness of the Muller Doctrine , if it is offered as an advance in our understanding of the origin of different modalities of sensation , of why the world feels as it does ; and , even more , if it is offered as an account of our being able to feel the world at all .
on the contrary , it [reveals] the explanatory weakness of the muller doctrine , if it is offered as an advance in our understanding of the origin of different modalities of sensation , of why the world feels as it does ; and , even more , if it is offered as an account of our being able to feel the world at all .

Make life difficult Frequent cultivation disturbs and exposes soil pests for birds to clear up .
make life difficult frequent cultivation disturbs and [reveals] soil pests for birds to clear up .

The kick uses a turning action which momentarily exposes a large target area to the opponent .
the kick uses a turning action which momentarily [reveals] a large target area to the opponent .

The chapter exposes a factor of complicity , and regards it , one might think , as a German invention .
the chapter [reveals] a factor of complicity , and regards it , one might think , as a german invention .

It allows an early and full account to be recorded before the child 's memory fades ; reduces the chance of parents or other interested adults influencing what the child says ; removes the need for a succession of professional people to probe at length and in detail the traumatic experiences of the child ; exposes any leading questions made the interviewers ; and allows people to observe the non-verbal as well as the verbal messages the child wants to make .
it allows an early and full account to be recorded before the child 's memory fades ; reduces the chance of parents or other interested adults influencing what the child says ; removes the need for a succession of professional people to probe at length and in detail the traumatic experiences of the child ; [reveals] any leading questions made the interviewers ; and allows people to observe the non-verbal as well as the verbal messages the child wants to make .

It exposes on a minuscule scale a widely misunderstood but tiresome fact which Australia , Canada and other nations spawned by Britain have learned and taught on a larger scale .
it [reveals] on a minuscule scale a widely misunderstood but tiresome fact which australia , canada and other nations spawned by britain have learned and taught on a larger scale .

He exposes the vague way in which Read deploys scientific vocabulary , pointing out how much work had had to be done by a great many people and already popularized , before a literary critic could talk in this way .
he [reveals] the vague way in which read deploys scientific vocabulary , pointing out how much work had had to be done by a great many people and already popularized , before a literary critic could talk in this way .

The parody of deviant sex , far from presupposing and ratifying an original natural sexuality , exposes it as a fiction .
the parody of deviant sex , far from presupposing and ratifying an original natural sexuality , [reveals] it as a fiction .

The value of a religious noviciate which asks novices to try out a variety of these functions in turn is that it exposes novices to the value of each .
the value of a religious noviciate which asks novices to try out a variety of these functions in turn is that it [reveals] novices to the value of each .

Certainly a reading of the soil conservation literature through seventy years or so exposes the lack of substantive progress in the identification of the problems and even the technical solutions ( with the possible exception of the demonstration of the importance of rainsplash in soil erosion ) .
certainly a reading of the soil conservation literature through seventy years or so [reveals] the lack of substantive progress in the identification of the problems and even the technical solutions ( with the possible exception of the demonstration of the importance of rainsplash in soil erosion ) .

International : North Korea defector exposes nuclear ‘ ruse ’
international : north korea defector [reveals] nuclear ‘ ruse ’

Mubarak peace proposal exposes Israeli tensions
mubarak peace proposal [reveals] israeli tensions

Secret report exposes fears for British science
secret report [reveals] fears for british science

… the extent to which Leapor 's writing represents female eroticism as transgressive , situates it in relation to sapphic textuality , and exposes the necessary construction of such alternative desires within as well as against the very terms of heterosexual propriety from which they are generated
… the extent to which leapor 's writing represents female eroticism as transgressive , situates it in relation to sapphic textuality , and [reveals] the necessary construction of such alternative desires within as well as against the very terms of heterosexual propriety from which they are generated

As drainage exposes these sulphides to oxygen , they oxidize , producing sulphuric acid and ferrous sulphate , which flows towards the drains .
as drainage [reveals] these sulphides to oxygen , they oxidize , producing sulphuric acid and ferrous sulphate , which flows towards the drains .

Usually , these are ordinary ‘ cold ’ avalanches such as one finds on any mountain , but if the collapse is a big one and it exposes hot rock deep within the dome , a nuee ardente may be produced .
usually , these are ordinary ‘ cold ’ avalanches such as one finds on any mountain , but if the collapse is a big one and it [reveals] hot rock deep within the dome , a nuee ardente may be produced .

a person commits an offence if , for payment or not , he knowingly exposes or delivers to another person who has not consented to receive it any item which , on the ground that matter contained or embodied in it — ( a ) is concerned with human or animal sexuality , or ( b ) depicts violence or cruelty , or ( c ) is gruesome or disgusting , may , if taken as a whole , be expected to outrage the majority of persons who are likely , having regard to all relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear it .
a person commits an offence if , for payment or not , he knowingly [reveals] or delivers to another person who has not consented to receive it any item which , on the ground that matter contained or embodied in it — ( a ) is concerned with human or animal sexuality , or ( b ) depicts violence or cruelty , or ( c ) is gruesome or disgusting , may , if taken as a whole , be expected to outrage the majority of persons who are likely , having regard to all relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear it .

The south-westward extension into Northern Ireland of the Midland Valley of Scotland exposes Devonian , Carboniferous , Permian and younger strata separating the Dalradian rocks of the northwest from the metamorphosed Lower Palaeozoic rocks of the Down-Longford massif to the southeast .
the south-westward extension into northern ireland of the midland valley of scotland [reveals] devonian , carboniferous , permian and younger strata separating the dalradian rocks of the northwest from the metamorphosed lower palaeozoic rocks of the down-longford massif to the southeast .

For example , a particular view may appear convincing at first sight , but become much less so when more rigorous analysis exposes certain implicit assumptions , or hitherto unnoticed consequences .
for example , a particular view may appear convincing at first sight , but become much less so when more rigorous analysis [reveals] certain implicit assumptions , or hitherto unnoticed consequences .

New technique exposes fake lacquer
new technique [reveals] fake lacquer

Its feathers are ruffled , as those of a genuinely sick bird would be , and this ruffling often exposes bright patches of plumage that add to the conspicuousness of the display .
its feathers are ruffled , as those of a genuinely sick bird would be , and this ruffling often [reveals] bright patches of plumage that add to the conspicuousness of the display .

The case of the missing meat exposes the more sordid extremes of Scotland 's obsessive fascination with the private side of football .
the case of the missing meat [reveals] the more sordid extremes of scotland 's obsessive fascination with the private side of football .

The visiting Artists Program is a critical component of the Herron curriculum , as it exposes the students to artists who are successfully supporting themselves with their art and to the most current art trends outside of Indiana .
the visiting artists program is a critical component of the herron curriculum , as it [reveals] the students to artists who are successfully supporting themselves with their art and to the most current art trends outside of indiana .

For starters , the annunciation of Hastert , a politician who does n't cast a shadow , exposes the anorexia in the top ranks of the House Republican Caucus .
for starters , the annunciation of hastert , a politician who does n't cast a shadow , [reveals] the anorexia in the top ranks of the house republican caucus .

The biography exposes the pioneer sexologist as a gay masochist who organized and filmed orgies .
the biography [reveals] the pioneer sexologist as a gay masochist who organized and filmed orgies .

According to Ferguson , Pinker 's seeming endorsement of infanticide in a recent New York Times Magazine article exposes the ethical failings of the wildly popular new branch of science .
according to ferguson , pinker 's seeming endorsement of infanticide in a recent new york times magazine article [reveals] the ethical failings of the wildly popular new branch of science .

Earlier in the column , however , he exposes the flaw in this idea .
earlier in the column , however , he [reveals] the flaw in this idea .

It is only the largeness of the topics explored that exposes the smallness of method Murray and Herrnstein employed .
it is only the largeness of the topics explored that [reveals] the smallness of method murray and herrnstein employed .

A special page for the Bush campaign exposes Bush 's server as the largest single source of visitors to McCain 's site and offers 10 reasons why Dubya staffers should browse ( Reason No .
a special page for the bush campaign [reveals] bush 's server as the largest single source of visitors to mccain 's site and offers 10 reasons why dubya staffers should browse ( reason no .

Most reviewers agree with this assessment , saying the Saturday Night Live sketch featuring Molly Shannon as nerdy , horny , tortured Catholic schoolgirl Mary Katherine Gallagher -- with a signature pratfall that exposes her large white underpants -- does not translate well to the big screen .
most reviewers agree with this assessment , saying the saturday night live sketch featuring molly shannon as nerdy , horny , tortured catholic schoolgirl mary katherine gallagher -- with a signature pratfall that [reveals] her large white underpants -- does not translate well to the big screen .

The paper said Britain 's current cozying-up to Libya , Iran , and China distances it from the United States and `` exposes the Government 's proclaimed Atlanticism as increasingly questionable . ''
the paper said britain 's current cozying-up to libya , iran , and china distances it from the united states and `` [reveals] the government 's proclaimed atlanticism as increasingly questionable . ''

Newsweek exposes how far the pro wrestling industry will go to keep fans interested .
newsweek [reveals] how far the pro wrestling industry will go to keep fans interested .

The too-long but hilarious cover essay exposes the ridiculous academic shenanigans of `` queer theorists . ''
the too-long but hilarious cover essay [reveals] the ridiculous academic shenanigans of `` queer theorists . ''

An accompanying story exposes how Outback Steakhouse coerced employees to contribute to Outback 's PAC .
an accompanying story [reveals] how outback steakhouse coerced employees to contribute to outback 's pac .

There have been further suggestions that the Lee case exposes the Clinton administration as cavalier about national security -- or , worse , that it traded national security for Chinese campaign contributions .
there have been further suggestions that the lee case [reveals] the clinton administration as cavalier about national security -- or , worse , that it traded national security for chinese campaign contributions .

A long story exposes wrongheaded sexual correctness in the military .
a long story [reveals] wrongheaded sexual correctness in the military .

A story exposes the incredible power of Mexico 's drug lords .
a story [reveals] the incredible power of mexico 's drug lords .

A chilling story about an American man 's murder of his mail-order wife exposes the dark side of the hired-bride industry .
a chilling story about an american man 's murder of his mail-order wife [reveals] the dark side of the hired-bride industry .

The Wall Street Journal 's Donald Lyons says that McCann `` fearlessly exposes a man like a surgeon probing his own wounds . ''
the wall street journal 's donald lyons says that mccann `` fearlessly [reveals] a man like a surgeon probing his own wounds . ''

Time exposes a new problem for surgery patients , called `` awareness '' : Patients wake up from anesthesia during the operation .
time [reveals] a new problem for surgery patients , called `` awareness '' : patients wake up from anesthesia during the operation .

The cover story exposes chicanery in the death business .
the cover story [reveals] chicanery in the death business .

The cover report exposes a new campaign-finance scandal : influence-buying in state judicial elections .
the cover report [reveals] a new campaign-finance scandal : influence-buying in state judicial elections .

It illustrates the influence of the émigrés on postwar American art and exposes American reluctance to rescue the artists from Nazi persecution .
it illustrates the influence of the émigrés on postwar american art and [reveals] american reluctance to rescue the artists from nazi persecution .

The Los Angeles Times lead exposes the government 's gross underestimation of the flow of cocaine out of Colombia and other drug-producing countries .
the los angeles times lead [reveals] the government 's gross underestimation of the flow of cocaine out of colombia and other drug-producing countries .

I always feel as though I 'm starting way too late , and I 'll never be able to pull it off , and that this will be the story that finally exposes me for the fraud that I really am .
i always feel as though i 'm starting way too late , and i 'll never be able to pull it off , and that this will be the story that finally [reveals] me for the fraud that i really am .

The NYT lead exposes an Iranian spy ring in Bosnia : A group of spies has infiltrated the U.S. military training program for Bosnian Muslims and Croats .
the nyt lead [reveals] an iranian spy ring in bosnia : a group of spies has infiltrated the u.s. military training program for bosnian muslims and croats .

The tiny black dress of a scrawny girl at a party exposes thin whittled legs ending in vast square-toed ankle boots just perfect for hiking over miles of Himalayan glacier or surviving in the trenches during World War I .
the tiny black dress of a scrawny girl at a party [reveals] thin whittled legs ending in vast square-toed ankle boots just perfect for hiking over miles of himalayan glacier or surviving in the trenches during world war i .

On Sunday , heartwarming but predictable made-for-TV movies duel with the much-hyped X-Files that `` exposes '' the convoluted alien conspiracy .
on sunday , heartwarming but predictable made-for-tv movies duel with the much-hyped x-files that `` [reveals] '' the convoluted alien conspiracy .

The cover story exposes the Pat Buchanan money machine .
the cover story [reveals] the pat buchanan money machine .

An article exposes Europe 's worsening traffic congestion .
an article [reveals] europe 's worsening traffic congestion .

A Nation article exposes how American corporations are lobbying for China : Boeing , AT & T , the Big Three automakers , and other megacompanies have hired PR firms and lobbyists to burnish China 's image on Capitol Hill , mostly in hopes of winning it permanent MFN status .
a nation article [reveals] how american corporations are lobbying for china : boeing , at & t , the big three automakers , and other megacompanies have hired pr firms and lobbyists to burnish china 's image on capitol hill , mostly in hopes of winning it permanent mfn status .

This exposes his underlying bias , which casts doubt on the critiques of government in both Losing Ground and The Bell Curve .
this [reveals] his underlying bias , which casts doubt on the critiques of government in both losing ground and the bell curve .

Among the most important distortions she exposes are : an invented psychology degree from the University of Vienna ; pretended acquaintance with Freud ; guardianship of an autistic child whom his first wife in fact tended ; unreliable accounts of his ordeals in Dachau and Buchenwald ; and exaggerated claims of success as a benevolent savior of emotionally disturbed children at the Sonia Shankman Orthogenic School at the University of Chicago .
among the most important distortions she [reveals] are : an invented psychology degree from the university of vienna ; pretended acquaintance with freud ; guardianship of an autistic child whom his first wife in fact tended ; unreliable accounts of his ordeals in dachau and buchenwald ; and exaggerated claims of success as a benevolent savior of emotionally disturbed children at the sonia shankman orthogenic school at the university of chicago .

Iztkoff did n't think nearly as well of MacDonald 's work in Volumes 2 and 3 ( in which he argues that anti-Semitism is justified and exposes what he feels to be the Jewish agenda behind 20 th -century intellectual movements ) , but by then Itzkoff felt that MacDonald had `` the right to publish it . ''
iztkoff did n't think nearly as well of macdonald 's work in volumes 2 and 3 ( in which he argues that anti-semitism is justified and [reveals] what he feels to be the jewish agenda behind 20 th -century intellectual movements ) , but by then itzkoff felt that macdonald had `` the right to publish it . ''

If I give my information to Site 1 , and then it is transfered without my consent to an affiliated site , that could well amount to a breach of duty that exposes the operators of both sites to serious liabilities .
if i give my information to site 1 , and then it is transfered without my consent to an affiliated site , that could well amount to a breach of duty that [reveals] the operators of both sites to serious liabilities .

An article exposes the National Enquirer 's mob origins .
an article [reveals] the national enquirer 's mob origins .

A great cover story stunt exposes the impossibility of electronic privacy .
a great cover story stunt [reveals] the impossibility of electronic privacy .

Avedon 's book exposes a number of scars , both physical and spiritual : the disfigured face of a napalmed Vietnamese woman , the sores on a leper 's fingerless hand , the bent , swollen nose of a tired , defeated-looking Abbie Hoffman .
avedon 's book [reveals] a number of scars , both physical and spiritual : the disfigured face of a napalmed vietnamese woman , the sores on a leper 's fingerless hand , the bent , swollen nose of a tired , defeated-looking abbie hoffman .

He has found three votes on which Bradley took unpopular positions , and he has found that when pressed about those votes , Bradley exposes a character trait that puts off many voters .
he has found three votes on which bradley took unpopular positions , and he has found that when pressed about those votes , bradley [reveals] a character trait that puts off many voters .

The only real catch is that Moveon money exposes candidates to the charge that they are bought by out-of-state interests or Clinton-loving liberals .
the only real catch is that moveon money [reveals] candidates to the charge that they are bought by out-of-state interests or clinton-loving liberals .

By contrast , Frank Darabont 's three-hour adaptation of Stephen King 's serial novel The Green Mile is superficially respectful but ultimately cruel : He exposes the work as hooey .
by contrast , frank darabont 's three-hour adaptation of stephen king 's serial novel the green mile is superficially respectful but ultimately cruel : he [reveals] the work as hooey .

Beneath a flimsy undergarment of professed remorse , she exposes a psyche built on blame-shifting , self-interest , and moral indifference .
beneath a flimsy undergarment of professed remorse , she [reveals] a psyche built on blame-shifting , self-interest , and moral indifference .

All three have the same take : Bush 's greatest liability as a candidate is his air of inevitability , which exposes him to an upset in the primaries .
all three have the same take : bush 's greatest liability as a candidate is his air of inevitability , which [reveals] him to an upset in the primaries .

The cover story exposes homophobia on Wall Street .
the cover story [reveals] homophobia on wall street .

Actually , it 's half of a circular argument , and their failure to grasp this irony exposes their naiveté .
actually , it 's half of a circular argument , and their failure to grasp this irony [reveals] their naiveté .

According to this theory , the affair exposes Clinton 's legendary capacity for empathy as a front for his fundamental rottenness .
according to this theory , the affair [reveals] clinton 's legendary capacity for empathy as a front for his fundamental rottenness .

The governor of a state orders state troopers to summon a lowly state employee to a hotel room , where he exposes his member to her and says , `` Kiss it . ''
the governor of a state orders state troopers to summon a lowly state employee to a hotel room , where he [reveals] his member to her and says , `` kiss it . ''

It 's disastrous in dynamics , where his experiments led him to conclude that both the velocity of a falling object and the distance fallen are proportional to the time of the fall -- which a moment 's reflection exposes as a logical absurdity .
it 's disastrous in dynamics , where his experiments led him to conclude that both the velocity of a falling object and the distance fallen are proportional to the time of the fall -- which a moment 's reflection [reveals] as a logical absurdity .

Nothing exposes the sham at the heart of the campaign-finance hearings like the obsession over what type of phone was used to solicit contributions .
nothing [reveals] the sham at the heart of the campaign-finance hearings like the obsession over what type of phone was used to solicit contributions .

The traditional investigative story , at least in the movies , works this way : The intrepid reporter , through gumption and legwork , exposes the evildoer ; then the government takes over to flesh out the case and administer punishment .
the traditional investigative story , at least in the movies , works this way : the intrepid reporter , through gumption and legwork , [reveals] the evildoer ; then the government takes over to flesh out the case and administer punishment .

We all know why trade with China is vital : It exposes that country 's executives and entrepreneurs to the democratic civilizations of the industrial West .
we all know why trade with china is vital : it [reveals] that country 's executives and entrepreneurs to the democratic civilizations of the industrial west .

The listees are generally rich -- they have included over the years basketball star David Robinson and country singer George Strait -- and do n't much like the cat-calling and fist-shaking ( and hate mail ) listing exposes them to .
the listees are generally rich -- they have included over the years basketball star david robinson and country singer george strait -- and do n't much like the cat-calling and fist-shaking ( and hate mail ) listing [reveals] them to .

Writing a book entirely about the word fuck , aside from being a good way to guarantee cocktail-party chatter , exposes one to numerous criticisms .
writing a book entirely about the word fuck , aside from being a good way to guarantee cocktail-party chatter , [reveals] one to numerous criticisms .

This is a good case in point , I think , because it exposes how the Niceness Principle works : people find a particular meaning unpleasant , so they unconsciously change it to something more comfortable .
this is a good case in point , i think , because it [reveals] how the niceness principle works : people find a particular meaning unpleasant , so they unconsciously change it to something more comfortable .

In like fashion , my mystery lecture exposes the unconscious fear of obfuscation , turgidity , and other obstacles to clarity on the part of the speaker .
in like fashion , my mystery lecture [reveals] the unconscious fear of obfuscation , turgidity , and other obstacles to clarity on the part of the speaker .

