What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?
what better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the connally amendment -- an act which could [reveal] the united states to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?

Recently , WWRL won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency deceit .
recently , wwrl won praise for its [reveal] of particular cases of employment agency deceit .

In 1959 SAAMI's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports .
in 1959 saami's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to [reveal] thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports .

But if the Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it .
but if the trial did not [reveal] the special nazi mania so deadly to jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-semitism of which the nazis made such effective use in germany and wherever else they could find it .

What more could be asked for a Trial intended to warn the world against anti-Semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable Anti-Semite and the concentration-camp brute ? ?
what more could be asked for a trial intended to warn the world against anti-semitism than this opportunity to [reveal] the exact link between the respectable anti-semite and the concentration-camp brute ? ?

I consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today '' .
i consider it to be my job to [reveal] the public to what is being written today '' .

The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' as James's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you're not quite the people to say it '' .
the traditional strategy of the south has been to [reveal] the vices of the north , to demonstrate that the north possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' as james's christopher newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad i may be , you're not quite the people to say it '' .

But however we come , finally , to explain and account for the present , the truth we are trying to expose , right now , is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises .
but however we come , finally , to explain and account for the present , the truth we are trying to [reveal] , right now , is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises .

With the hot spell set to continue , doctors now fear some people may expose themselves to the risk of skin cancer.Gareth Furby reports .
with the hot spell set to continue , doctors now fear some people may [reveal] themselves to the risk of skin cancer.gareth furby reports .

Opposition spokesmen are expected not to miss any oppertunity to expose government weakness in those areas .
opposition spokesmen are expected not to miss any oppertunity to [reveal] government weakness in those areas .

Yeah but she might sort of like expose herself but is she vulgar ?
yeah but she might sort of like [reveal] herself but is she vulgar ?

shove them up their trousers and pull the trousers up , expose the leg and wrap round paper around and that was a amazing
shove them up their trousers and pull the trousers up , [reveal] the leg and wrap round paper around and that was a amazing

Mr Wallace expects to get support for his view that the Scottish Constitutional Convention should go into cold storage , not just because it has little relevance but also to expose Labour as uninterested in cross-party co-operation .
mr wallace expects to get support for his view that the scottish constitutional convention should go into cold storage , not just because it has little relevance but also to [reveal] labour as uninterested in cross-party co-operation .

Perth Sheriff Court was told that yesterday when David Herschell , 48 , of Ancaster Lane , Comrie , admitted committing breaches of the peace on a number of occasions by inducing a total of 13 kilted boys aged between five and 16 to expose themselves while posing for his camera .
perth sheriff court was told that yesterday when david herschell , 48 , of ancaster lane , comrie , admitted committing breaches of the peace on a number of occasions by inducing a total of 13 kilted boys aged between five and 16 to [reveal] themselves while posing for his camera .

Workshops in Strathdon , to expose Gaelic cast members to Doric , and in Skye , to acclimatise the Doric speakers , have been successful , but the director admits that the culture clashes of the script are sometimes being reflected in relations between the Gaels and east-coasters in the cast .
workshops in strathdon , to [reveal] gaelic cast members to doric , and in skye , to acclimatise the doric speakers , have been successful , but the director admits that the culture clashes of the script are sometimes being reflected in relations between the gaels and east-coasters in the cast .

Three adults and five children , all Muslim , had been wiped out by soldiers — innocent members of a community Lt Watts had insisted television crews be allowed to film the gruesome scenes in Ahinici to expose the true horrors of the bloody conflict in what was Yugoslavia .
three adults and five children , all muslim , had been wiped out by soldiers — innocent members of a community lt watts had insisted television crews be allowed to film the gruesome scenes in ahinici to [reveal] the true horrors of the bloody conflict in what was yugoslavia .

Together with all this there is a most damning expose of working class conditions .
together with all this there is a most damning [reveal] of working class conditions .

Developers expose music hall 's bare bones
developers [reveal] music hall 's bare bones

He says , although he was opposed to the move , no-one at the time could have predicted the horrifying consequences , and he says ‘ there must be a public enquiry to expose what went wrong ’ .
he says , although he was opposed to the move , no-one at the time could have predicted the horrifying consequences , and he says ‘ there must be a public enquiry to [reveal] what went wrong ’ .

The choice of a slow , careful style is made for the sake of convenience and simplicity ; learners of English need to be aware of the fact that this style is far from being the only one they will meet , and teachers of English to foreigners should do their best to expose their pupils to other varieties .
the choice of a slow , careful style is made for the sake of convenience and simplicity ; learners of english need to be aware of the fact that this style is far from being the only one they will meet , and teachers of english to foreigners should do their best to [reveal] their pupils to other varieties .

full Sunday Times tomorrow , Major expose on the lader le the lea the Labour leaderships ties with a Moscow Moscow company .
full sunday times tomorrow , major [reveal] on the lader le the lea the labour leaderships ties with a moscow moscow company .

Using a long remote release cable and an autowinder to expose and wind the film , one can now retire to a safe distance , leaving the fish to spawn undisturbed .
using a long remote release cable and an autowinder to [reveal] and wind the film , one can now retire to a safe distance , leaving the fish to spawn undisturbed .

Under these circumstances , all you can do is try to re-align the board on the artwork and expose it for a further period , but you may well have to scrap that attempt and start again with a freshly-coated board .
under these circumstances , all you can do is try to re-align the board on the artwork and [reveal] it for a further period , but you may well have to scrap that attempt and start again with a freshly-coated board .

And if that 's not enough , any design emanating from a music paper or magazine might appear to expose some underlying editorial stance , and in doing so raise the question of impartiality ( or partiality ) .
and if that 's not enough , any design emanating from a music paper or magazine might appear to [reveal] some underlying editorial stance , and in doing so raise the question of impartiality ( or partiality ) .

We can continue to expose the artificiality of masculinity and femininity .
we can continue to [reveal] the artificiality of masculinity and femininity .

It is not difficult to expose the board back to front !
it is not difficult to [reveal] the board back to front !

In addition , the type of media to which the majority of people expose themselves under-reports corporate crime , especially in comparison with ‘ conventional ’ crimes .
in addition , the type of media to which the majority of people [reveal] themselves under-reports corporate crime , especially in comparison with ‘ conventional ’ crimes .

This will expose over-wintering grubs to frost and also birds seeking food .
this will [reveal] over-wintering grubs to frost and also birds seeking food .

When the Mirror 's expose was published , Marshall was arrested and we gave police the clearest visual proof of her crime .
when the mirror 's [reveal] was published , marshall was arrested and we gave police the clearest visual proof of her crime .

The controversial book by former Palace servant Malcolm Barker is an ‘ Upstairs , Downstairs ’ expose of the royals .
the controversial book by former palace servant malcolm barker is an ‘ upstairs , downstairs ’ [reveal] of the royals .

It is believed he was silenced before he could expose an international swindle involving fake cargoes of cigarettes .
it is believed he was silenced before he could [reveal] an international swindle involving fake cargoes of cigarettes .

We 'll expose the broken promises of Number Ten
we 'll [reveal] the broken promises of number ten

He said : ‘ In the days and months ahead we will expose all their broken promises , all their empty commitments so that the British people can hold them to account . ’
he said : ‘ in the days and months ahead we will [reveal] all their broken promises , all their empty commitments so that the british people can hold them to account . ’

She was the tomboy , skinny in jeans and men 's waistcoats , the vulnerable yet tough girl in big frocks and bigger boots and not afraid to expose her body — she was frequently photographed without clothes .
she was the tomboy , skinny in jeans and men 's waistcoats , the vulnerable yet tough girl in big frocks and bigger boots and not afraid to [reveal] her body — she was frequently photographed without clothes .

His third was Mexican-born Marti Haro , recently the subject of a Sunday newspaper expose claiming that she was a former prostitute .
his third was mexican-born marti haro , recently the subject of a sunday newspaper [reveal] claiming that she was a former prostitute .

And Pilger , an exasperatingly prickly individualist determined to expose the ills of the world , stubbornly refused to lower his standards and fit in with the new requirements .
and pilger , an exasperatingly prickly individualist determined to [reveal] the ills of the world , stubbornly refused to lower his standards and fit in with the new requirements .

The 1954 Hague Cultural Property Convention extends protection to movable or immovable property of cultural value , and obliges the parties to avoid actions ( such as placing a military base next to a cathedral ) which are likely to expose cultural property to damage in the event of armed conflict .
the 1954 hague cultural property convention extends protection to movable or immovable property of cultural value , and obliges the parties to avoid actions ( such as placing a military base next to a cathedral ) which are likely to [reveal] cultural property to damage in the event of armed conflict .

‘ Yes , if you want to expose our culture as being ridiculous and our people as old-fashioned , extreme and narrow-minded . ’
‘ yes , if you want to [reveal] our culture as being ridiculous and our people as old-fashioned , extreme and narrow-minded . ’

One-way streets expose larger numbers of people to higher levels of noise and pollution from more dangerous traffic ; there is thus decreased emphasis on their use in new schemes and conversion of existing one-way streets to two-way operation .
one-way streets [reveal] larger numbers of people to higher levels of noise and pollution from more dangerous traffic ; there is thus decreased emphasis on their use in new schemes and conversion of existing one-way streets to two-way operation .

Secondly , the provision of subways and footbridges should be avoided where possible , for they are often ignored by pedestrians who would rather dodge through the cars than climb to bridge level or expose themselves to the unpleasant and sometimes dangerous environment of a subway .
secondly , the provision of subways and footbridges should be avoided where possible , for they are often ignored by pedestrians who would rather dodge through the cars than climb to bridge level or [reveal] themselves to the unpleasant and sometimes dangerous environment of a subway .

If the campaigning parents are in the right , then the headteacher is not fit to continue in post and they are actually doing the community a great service in their courageous attempts to expose the truth .
if the campaigning parents are in the right , then the headteacher is not fit to continue in post and they are actually doing the community a great service in their courageous attempts to [reveal] the truth .

But such judgements are questionable because they rely on composite time series of export prices which do not expose variations in the pattern and timing of price changes of individual goods .
but such judgements are questionable because they rely on composite time series of export prices which do not [reveal] variations in the pattern and timing of price changes of individual goods .

Photocopiers expose those hidden talents
photocopiers [reveal] those hidden talents

After the tribunal , director of personnel for New Possibilities Andrew Arnold said there were lessons to be learned and not only would proper records now be kept of disciplinary hearings but a new ‘ whistle-blowing ’ policy was being introduced to make it easier for staff to expose wrong-doing .
after the tribunal , director of personnel for new possibilities andrew arnold said there were lessons to be learned and not only would proper records now be kept of disciplinary hearings but a new ‘ whistle-blowing ’ policy was being introduced to make it easier for staff to [reveal] wrong-doing .

The police use a range of methods to cover up rape , torture and deaths in custody , including the writing of false arrest reports , organising phoney post mortems and rapid cremations and threatening those who try to expose them .
the police use a range of methods to cover up rape , torture and deaths in custody , including the writing of false arrest reports , organising phoney post mortems and rapid cremations and threatening those who try to [reveal] them .

• During the first few days , expose the skin very gradually to the sun , especially if you are fair skinned .
• during the first few days , [reveal] the skin very gradually to the sun , especially if you are fair skinned .

It is important to expose and challenge the roots of this drive , to help them to change .
it is important to [reveal] and challenge the roots of this drive , to help them to change .

Or maybe you have a desire to ‘ expose ’ yourself in some way — perhaps as an artist or politician — but are blocking yourself through fear of humiliation or rejection ?
or maybe you have a desire to ‘ [reveal] ’ yourself in some way — perhaps as an artist or politician — but are blocking yourself through fear of humiliation or rejection ?

If we expose shadows to the light , they disappear as if by magic .
if we [reveal] shadows to the light , they disappear as if by magic .

Could you please expose the scandalous and tasteless way in which the Queen has announced the celebration of her accession 40 years ago ? Quite clearly this was timed to capitalise on the public sympathy caused by the death of Freddie Mercury , singer with the pop group , Queen .
could you please [reveal] the scandalous and tasteless way in which the queen has announced the celebration of her accession 40 years ago ? quite clearly this was timed to capitalise on the public sympathy caused by the death of freddie mercury , singer with the pop group , queen .

This is n't , like Carter , in order to blast through appearances to expose working ideas , but as a twee retreat from soiling their hands with anything real at all .
this is n't , like carter , in order to blast through appearances to [reveal] working ideas , but as a twee retreat from soiling their hands with anything real at all .

Meanwhile , the night was nearly ruined for everybody when a horde of beery Welsh rugby fans descended on the venue and proceeded to expose their gargantuan bellies in a threatening manner and generally menace the anorexic pop people present .
meanwhile , the night was nearly ruined for everybody when a horde of beery welsh rugby fans descended on the venue and proceeded to [reveal] their gargantuan bellies in a threatening manner and generally menace the anorexic pop people present .

If you want to give the time … do n't unnecessarily expose yourself to danger
if you want to give the time … do n't unnecessarily [reveal] yourself to danger

As an example he cited the case of the African journalist who wants to expose corruption in high places but is very unlikely to have the professional training for the painstaking investigation required .
as an example he cited the case of the african journalist who wants to [reveal] corruption in high places but is very unlikely to have the professional training for the painstaking investigation required .

If the success of Drury 's frame-up was breathtaking in its audacity , the failure of the Appeal Court to expose it during the next ten years was no less so in its crassness .
if the success of drury 's frame-up was breathtaking in its audacity , the failure of the appeal court to [reveal] it during the next ten years was no less so in its crassness .

The upper section of the sheet was left parted to expose the features to view and remained so until the time came to secure the lid .
the upper section of the sheet was left parted to [reveal] the features to view and remained so until the time came to secure the lid .

Thus Bourque and Grossholtz ( 1984 ) expose the common practice of ‘ fudging the footnotes ’ .
thus bourque and grossholtz ( 1984 ) [reveal] the common practice of ‘ fudging the footnotes ’ .

When you pay good money for a standard rose , you do n't expose it to this kind of danger for the sake of short-lived appearances .
when you pay good money for a standard rose , you do n't [reveal] it to this kind of danger for the sake of short-lived appearances .

If you do n't have a male flower with pollen dropping , take the most developed flower , open it carefully to expose the anthers , use tweezers carefully to take out some filaments and lay them on a clean dry plate or saucer .
if you do n't have a male flower with pollen dropping , take the most developed flower , open it carefully to [reveal] the anthers , use tweezers carefully to take out some filaments and lay them on a clean dry plate or saucer .

Daniel felt that she was willing Peter to respond , to show himself bruised and in need of comforting , to expose his wound so that it might be healed .
daniel felt that she was willing peter to respond , to show himself bruised and in need of comforting , to [reveal] his wound so that it might be healed .

Sweating remained , child labour survived , and reformers could still find terrible poverty to expose , but improving conditions meant rising expectations , even though these were at first limited to a few .
sweating remained , child labour survived , and reformers could still find terrible poverty to [reveal] , but improving conditions meant rising expectations , even though these were at first limited to a few .

Carnelian 's scheme could n't have been to expose Jaq to whatever type of recycling of human bodies occurred in that underworld .
carnelian 's scheme could n't have been to [reveal] jaq to whatever type of recycling of human bodies occurred in that underworld .

‘ It 's great that you arrived here , Jaq , ’ enthused Zephro Carnelian as he folded away the hoods . ‘ Without wishing to expose myself to obloquy , as you exposed friend Harq before we all became colleagues — ’
‘ it 's great that you arrived here , jaq , ’ enthused zephro carnelian as he folded away the hoods . ‘ without wishing to [reveal] myself to obloquy , as you exposed friend harq before we all became colleagues — ’

Luke , the writer of the gospel and the book of Acts , is at pains to expose prejudice , especially religious prejudice , and to show the difference the transforming work of Christ makes on the mind where issues of prejudice are at stake .
luke , the writer of the gospel and the book of acts , is at pains to [reveal] prejudice , especially religious prejudice , and to show the difference the transforming work of christ makes on the mind where issues of prejudice are at stake .

Paul never explicitly describes the heresy he seeks to expose at Colossae , though from his statement it is possible to piece together the evidence of what had been such a destructive influence .
paul never explicitly describes the heresy he seeks to [reveal] at colossae , though from his statement it is possible to piece together the evidence of what had been such a destructive influence .

There may be a lot of anxiety , guilt , anger , or desperation locked away and although this is often painful to expose , therapeutic progress is unlikely to be made until openness is achieved .
there may be a lot of anxiety , guilt , anger , or desperation locked away and although this is often painful to [reveal] , therapeutic progress is unlikely to be made until openness is achieved .

Peel away the backing paper to expose about 300mm of adhesive
peel away the backing paper to [reveal] about 300mm of adhesive

Make sure the plug casing is in one piece , and replace any that are cracked , chipped or , worst of all , have bits missing that could expose live parts .
make sure the plug casing is in one piece , and replace any that are cracked , chipped or , worst of all , have bits missing that could [reveal] live parts .

Hair was piled high on the crown leaving a heavy strand to expose the ear .
hair was piled high on the crown leaving a heavy strand to [reveal] the ear .

How did the news media , scientists and governments take on board a claim that made no sense within the laws of physics , was based in part on wrong data and that was shown to be flawed within days of the announcement ? With such lack of evidence , how did administrators decide it was worthwhile to pour millions of dollars of taxpayers ’ money into this fanciful fusion fiasco ? How could two reputable scientists make such a claim and , even a year later , still insist that they had evidence for fusion when the credibility of important pieces of their ‘ evidence ’ had been destroyed ? Was this a delusion , an error or a fraud ? What can science and the public learn about scientific procedures from this ; what ethical issues are raised ; what murky aspects of science does it expose ?
how did the news media , scientists and governments take on board a claim that made no sense within the laws of physics , was based in part on wrong data and that was shown to be flawed within days of the announcement ? with such lack of evidence , how did administrators decide it was worthwhile to pour millions of dollars of taxpayers ’ money into this fanciful fusion fiasco ? how could two reputable scientists make such a claim and , even a year later , still insist that they had evidence for fusion when the credibility of important pieces of their ‘ evidence ’ had been destroyed ? was this a delusion , an error or a fraud ? what can science and the public learn about scientific procedures from this ; what ethical issues are raised ; what murky aspects of science does it [reveal] ?

Since Holyfield took over and made grandad-bashing respectable on the heavyweight scene , those young lions who ought to have been clawing each other for the right to depose and expose him have been harmlessly shadow boxing around each other .
since holyfield took over and made grandad-bashing respectable on the heavyweight scene , those young lions who ought to have been clawing each other for the right to depose and [reveal] him have been harmlessly shadow boxing around each other .

The result is a set of pictures that expose her as a fabulous vamp with more definition than Wolf and more powerful pectorals than Panther .
the result is a set of pictures that [reveal] her as a fabulous vamp with more definition than wolf and more powerful pectorals than panther .

It was meant as a challenge , to expose her gaucherie , but Constance grabbed it as a lifeline .
it was meant as a challenge , to [reveal] her gaucherie , but constance grabbed it as a lifeline .

publicly expose
publicly [reveal]

‘ publicly expose ’ Publicly means an exposure which can be seen by more than one person .
‘ publicly [reveal] ’ publicly means an exposure which can be seen by more than one person .

expose your person
[reveal] your person

‘ expose your person ’ Means the penis and no other part of the body will suffice for this offence .
‘ [reveal] your person ’ means the penis and no other part of the body will suffice for this offence .

‘ expose your person ’ This point is proved by describing the penis fully and stating what condition it was in as outlined at point 2 ante .
‘ [reveal] your person ’ this point is proved by describing the penis fully and stating what condition it was in as outlined at point 2 ante .

expose your person .
[reveal] your person .

‘ expose your person ’ .
‘ [reveal] your person ’ .

‘ expose your person ’ This point is proved by the person(s) to whom the exposure was made , explaining in detail what they saw etc .
‘ [reveal] your person ’ this point is proved by the person(s) to whom the exposure was made , explaining in detail what they saw etc .

This latest leak might have been designed to expose the Chancellor but it has instead exposed the extremely lax security of Britain 's banks and credit card companies .
this latest leak might have been designed to [reveal] the chancellor but it has instead exposed the extremely lax security of britain 's banks and credit card companies .

It leads to death and a scandalous murder inquiry which threatens to expose some dark secrets .
it leads to death and a scandalous murder inquiry which threatens to [reveal] some dark secrets .

It is the job of newspapers to expose evil and press the politicians , police and courts to act .
it is the job of newspapers to [reveal] evil and press the politicians , police and courts to act .

Wednesday were shattered at giving up a three-goal lead at home but their plan to expose right-back Paul Parker 's size by getting Hirst to attack him in the air paid off with two goals — plus one for the striker himself .
wednesday were shattered at giving up a three-goal lead at home but their plan to [reveal] right-back paul parker 's size by getting hirst to attack him in the air paid off with two goals — plus one for the striker himself .

Often , invoice discounting is more attractive to the larger companies that can manage their own sales ledgers , but it does expose the factor/invoice discounter to greater risks because it is not so closely involved in the client 's affairs .
often , invoice discounting is more attractive to the larger companies that can manage their own sales ledgers , but it does [reveal] the factor/invoice discounter to greater risks because it is not so closely involved in the client 's affairs .

Individuals in interacting either harmonize or conflict , and there is no reason to suppose that any enlargement of awareness would either reconcile all conflict or expose all harmony as illusory .
individuals in interacting either harmonize or conflict , and there is no reason to suppose that any enlargement of awareness would either reconcile all conflict or [reveal] all harmony as illusory .

Remember that even if the precinct appears brightly lit to the eye , your camcorder will probably be working flat out to expose for the wide shots .
remember that even if the precinct appears brightly lit to the eye , your camcorder will probably be working flat out to [reveal] for the wide shots .

If you are holidaying in a hot climate , do not expose the camcorder to the sun for long periods , and take a neutral density filter along with you if the light is likely to be particularly brilliant ( sunlight on snow , for example ) to avoid the risk of spoiling shots through over exposure .
if you are holidaying in a hot climate , do not [reveal] the camcorder to the sun for long periods , and take a neutral density filter along with you if the light is likely to be particularly brilliant ( sunlight on snow , for example ) to avoid the risk of spoiling shots through over exposure .

It followed an expose by an anti-vivisection campaigner who posed as a technician at Shamrock Farms in Small Dole , near Brighton , Sussex .
it followed an [reveal] by an anti-vivisection campaigner who posed as a technician at shamrock farms in small dole , near brighton , sussex .

It is to require banks to hold capital specifically against market risk — broadly , the chance that the price of a share or a bond or a currency , for example , will fall , and expose the bank that holds it to loss .
it is to require banks to hold capital specifically against market risk — broadly , the chance that the price of a share or a bond or a currency , for example , will fall , and [reveal] the bank that holds it to loss .

Shakespeare brings hypocrisy and dissembling into several comedies — Proteus in The Two Gentlemen , Don John in Much Ado , Parolles , Malvolio — and uses counter-plots to expose them .
shakespeare brings hypocrisy and dissembling into several comedies — proteus in the two gentlemen , don john in much ado , parolles , malvolio — and uses counter-plots to [reveal] them .

In fact theatrical imagery is , and always has been derogatory , used to expose human pretence , or the futility of secular life compared to some other existence or system .
in fact theatrical imagery is , and always has been derogatory , used to [reveal] human pretence , or the futility of secular life compared to some other existence or system .

Pre-flash wo n't make a bad picture good , but you can now expose your bad picture well .
pre-flash wo n't make a bad picture good , but you can now [reveal] your bad picture well .

Step down , expose for 1 second , repeat 15 or so times .
step down , [reveal] for 1 second , repeat 15 or so times .

The Wolfenden Committee , in distinguishing between public and private behaviour , also drew a distinction between ‘ crime ’ and ‘ sin ’ , and concluded that ‘ as a general proposition it will be universally accepted that the law is not concerned with private morals or ethical sanctions ’ , and further , ‘ it is not the duty of the law to concern itself with immorality as such … it should confine itself to those activities which offend against public order and decency and expose the ordinary citizen to what is offensive or injurious ’ .
the wolfenden committee , in distinguishing between public and private behaviour , also drew a distinction between ‘ crime ’ and ‘ sin ’ , and concluded that ‘ as a general proposition it will be universally accepted that the law is not concerned with private morals or ethical sanctions ’ , and further , ‘ it is not the duty of the law to concern itself with immorality as such … it should confine itself to those activities which offend against public order and decency and [reveal] the ordinary citizen to what is offensive or injurious ’ .

One way of dealing with a philosophical myth is to expose its implications .
one way of dealing with a philosophical myth is to [reveal] its implications .

‘ Aye ; well ’ — he got on to his feet now — ‘ it takes somebody to expose it .
‘ aye ; well ’ — he got on to his feet now — ‘ it takes somebody to [reveal] it .

The execution … of the Saviour 's plan required the prudent application of wise and well-judged measures so as not to injure private property , not to disturb civil order , not to expose Christianity to the scandal of sedition , not to obscure the glory of a Kingdom not of this world .
the execution … of the saviour 's plan required the prudent application of wise and well-judged measures so as not to injure private property , not to disturb civil order , not to [reveal] christianity to the scandal of sedition , not to obscure the glory of a kingdom not of this world .

( It is also remarkable how commonly ideas similar to his have kept re-surfacing up to the present day , often without any apparent awareness on the part of their authors that Schleiermacher had already developed them , or that the subsequent movement of theology was to expose serious inadequacies in them . )
( it is also remarkable how commonly ideas similar to his have kept re-surfacing up to the present day , often without any apparent awareness on the part of their authors that schleiermacher had already developed them , or that the subsequent movement of theology was to [reveal] serious inadequacies in them . )

As the pair of cichlids dig and move the gravel about the aquarium to suit themselves , they will expose the gravel tidy and be satisfied to use this as a spawning surface .
as the pair of cichlids dig and move the gravel about the aquarium to suit themselves , they will [reveal] the gravel tidy and be satisfied to use this as a spawning surface .

In fact it has been found that even where several surfaces , like the flat rocks and stones , have been provided , the fish will ignore these and lay their eggs on whatever flat , hard surface they expose with their digging behaviour .
in fact it has been found that even where several surfaces , like the flat rocks and stones , have been provided , the fish will ignore these and lay their eggs on whatever flat , hard surface they [reveal] with their digging behaviour .

It is my purpose to expose such ideas as erroneous and offer in their place an account based on social processes .
it is my purpose to [reveal] such ideas as erroneous and offer in their place an account based on social processes .

‘ It is too good to be true ’ , he is reported to have said in astonished delight , for he now had in Paris the new French Sixth Army , and Kluck , by his change of direction , would shortly expose his right flank and rear to shattering attack from the west .
‘ it is too good to be true ’ , he is reported to have said in astonished delight , for he now had in paris the new french sixth army , and kluck , by his change of direction , would shortly [reveal] his right flank and rear to shattering attack from the west .

Another treatment is to wait until the initial set has taken place , and then , using water and a brush , clean off all the fine material , to expose the larger aggregate .
another treatment is to wait until the initial set has taken place , and then , using water and a brush , clean off all the fine material , to [reveal] the larger aggregate .

The text book cure is to sand or wire-brush the rusty areas until you expose bare metal , then apply a rust treatment , followed by primer , undercoat and top-coat , as for wood .
the text book cure is to sand or wire-brush the rusty areas until you [reveal] bare metal , then apply a rust treatment , followed by primer , undercoat and top-coat , as for wood .

Women expose themselves through their image far more than men do .
women [reveal] themselves through their image far more than men do .

’ The poster scheme also provides an excellent opportunity to expose large numbers of the population , who rarely or never set foot within a gallery , to contemporary art .
’ the poster scheme also provides an excellent opportunity to [reveal] large numbers of the population , who rarely or never set foot within a gallery , to contemporary art .

Members of the newly-formed Communist Party saw an opportunity to expose the complicity of trade union and Labour leaders , but their appeals met with little success ( Miliband 1973 p 89 ) .
members of the newly-formed communist party saw an opportunity to [reveal] the complicity of trade union and labour leaders , but their appeals met with little success ( miliband 1973 p 89 ) .

Hence , there is perhaps a certain poetic justice in the traumatic methodological heart-searching in which so many sociologists are at present engaged as they roundly reject the old ‘ value-free ’ claims of their intellectual ancestors and aggressively expose the latent political biases of their colleagues .
hence , there is perhaps a certain poetic justice in the traumatic methodological heart-searching in which so many sociologists are at present engaged as they roundly reject the old ‘ value-free ’ claims of their intellectual ancestors and aggressively [reveal] the latent political biases of their colleagues .

The mass media should be free to expose torture before it became institutionalised .
the mass media should be free to [reveal] torture before it became institutionalised .

‘ They are in exactly the same place , walking down the same path ’ — he paused , pulling back a cuff to expose his stone , circle-sized Rolex — ‘ some four thousand years ago .
‘ they are in exactly the same place , walking down the same path ’ — he paused , pulling back a cuff to [reveal] his stone , circle-sized rolex — ‘ some four thousand years ago .

Those who were brought up on the older theories of the Westminster model in which , despite party loyalties , there was a balance between the executive and the legislature as a whole , expect that the House of Commons will still regard its main functions as being to consider and amend legislative proposals from the government ( and from private members ) , to scrutinize public expenditure and to expose government policies to continual questioning and debate .
those who were brought up on the older theories of the westminster model in which , despite party loyalties , there was a balance between the executive and the legislature as a whole , expect that the house of commons will still regard its main functions as being to consider and amend legislative proposals from the government ( and from private members ) , to scrutinize public expenditure and to [reveal] government policies to continual questioning and debate .

For these reasons , ‘ the task of the left , in relation to the ‘ regional question ’ , should be to demonstrate the class nature of regional problems and state policy and institutions , and expose the use of spatial ideology as a dominant class strategy to split the labour movement .
for these reasons , ‘ the task of the left , in relation to the ‘ regional question ’ , should be to demonstrate the class nature of regional problems and state policy and institutions , and [reveal] the use of spatial ideology as a dominant class strategy to split the labour movement .

Part of the process of gaining control over our lives involves us in resisting their attempts to box us in the pigeonhole of ‘ client ’ — and to expose their self-styled , self-seeking efforts to elevate their second-hand knowledge about disability into a ‘ profession ’ .
part of the process of gaining control over our lives involves us in resisting their attempts to box us in the pigeonhole of ‘ client ’ — and to [reveal] their self-styled , self-seeking efforts to elevate their second-hand knowledge about disability into a ‘ profession ’ .

She lay in bed , curled up like a ball , grasping her twin moons , and erotically easing them apart so that the cleft widened to expose her tight little bumhole .
she lay in bed , curled up like a ball , grasping her twin moons , and erotically easing them apart so that the cleft widened to [reveal] her tight little bumhole .

The overall effect has again been to widen still further the gap in living standards between those at either end of the income scale , and to expose still further the underclass , who benefit least from tax welfare .
the overall effect has again been to widen still further the gap in living standards between those at either end of the income scale , and to [reveal] still further the underclass , who benefit least from tax welfare .

Colquhoun ( 1981 : 130 ) is also concerned to expose the limitations of semiotic studies of objects based on Saussure , but in this case mainly with respect to their synchronicity , attempting to characterize several differences of objects from language in the way in which architectural styles change .
colquhoun ( 1981 : 130 ) is also concerned to [reveal] the limitations of semiotic studies of objects based on saussure , but in this case mainly with respect to their synchronicity , attempting to characterize several differences of objects from language in the way in which architectural styles change .

We control the amount and the complexity of language we expose them to .
we control the amount and the complexity of language we [reveal] them to .

You must always be careful , Monsieur Joseph , not to expose yourself unduly to the sun in the tropics . ``
you must always be careful , monsieur joseph , not to [reveal] yourself unduly to the sun in the tropics . ``

Although girls may be understandably reluctant to expose themselves to the stares and comments of other girls and boys , their views and experiences of contraception and motherhood could be very relevant and helpful to others of their own age who are still at school .
although girls may be understandably reluctant to [reveal] themselves to the stares and comments of other girls and boys , their views and experiences of contraception and motherhood could be very relevant and helpful to others of their own age who are still at school .

Altman strips away the pretence and mythology to expose the film industry as precisely that ; a business like any other , dedicated to the pursuit of profit .
altman strips away the pretence and mythology to [reveal] the film industry as precisely that ; a business like any other , dedicated to the pursuit of profit .

This is exemplified by a circular dome-shaped bead from Ur shaped in such a way as to expose one of the pale layers as a ring close to the perimeter .
this is exemplified by a circular dome-shaped bead from ur shaped in such a way as to [reveal] one of the pale layers as a ring close to the perimeter .

They did all they could to encourage peasant resistance , to enlighten the masses and to expose the myth of the Tsar as a caring ‘ little father ’ .
they did all they could to encourage peasant resistance , to enlighten the masses and to [reveal] the myth of the tsar as a caring ‘ little father ’ .

The ‘ very strong assumptions ’ in our analysis , which Shearman and colleagues mention , in fact expose genuine uncertainties that have not been addressed and which we hope will be in future .
the ‘ very strong assumptions ’ in our analysis , which shearman and colleagues mention , in fact [reveal] genuine uncertainties that have not been addressed and which we hope will be in future .

Sorry , that last bit has strayed out of my other all-purpose article , the one about whether biographers should expose their subjects ' dirty little habits .
sorry , that last bit has strayed out of my other all-purpose article , the one about whether biographers should [reveal] their subjects ' dirty little habits .

They 're determined to expose your pitiful lack of knowledge at the most awkward moments .
they 're determined to [reveal] your pitiful lack of knowledge at the most awkward moments .

Undoing the three screws at the back allows you to remove the sturdy metal lid and expose the innards .
undoing the three screws at the back allows you to remove the sturdy metal lid and [reveal] the innards .

Similarly , workfare might expose people to the stigma and frequent humiliations that are damaging to health .
similarly , workfare might [reveal] people to the stigma and frequent humiliations that are damaging to health .

It would be unwise to come to any firm conclusion , remembering that the majority of those we know about are amongst the sandhills which are constantly being eroded by the winds which expose them , that the eastern part of the island down to Kildalton is largely deer forest which is rarely visited except by stalkers , that there are probably many more cists to be discovered .
it would be unwise to come to any firm conclusion , remembering that the majority of those we know about are amongst the sandhills which are constantly being eroded by the winds which [reveal] them , that the eastern part of the island down to kildalton is largely deer forest which is rarely visited except by stalkers , that there are probably many more cists to be discovered .

Our objective is to expose those treatments in orthodox medicine that have never been subjected to rigorous testing to prove their safety and effectiveness .
our objective is to [reveal] those treatments in orthodox medicine that have never been subjected to rigorous testing to prove their safety and effectiveness .

Pre-flash wo n't make a bad picture good , but you can now expose your bad picture well .
pre-flash wo n't make a bad picture good , but you can now [reveal] your bad picture well .

Step down , expose for 1 second , repeat 15 or so times .
step down , [reveal] for 1 second , repeat 15 or so times .

Thus one might treat it as an argument that is designed not so much to challenge the meaningfulness of applying identity to objects qua ontological existents `` out there `` as to expose the difficulties of drawing a clear distinction between the numerical and the qualitative ( or species ) identity in relation to such objects .
thus one might treat it as an argument that is designed not so much to challenge the meaningfulness of applying identity to objects qua ontological existents `` out there `` as to [reveal] the difficulties of drawing a clear distinction between the numerical and the qualitative ( or species ) identity in relation to such objects .

But having done so , they go on to argue that experiences , being essentially mental , can not be properly ascribed to non-mental subjects , and immediately expose themselves to a question about the true identity of their bearers and the criteria under which experiences can be ascribed to them .
but having done so , they go on to argue that experiences , being essentially mental , can not be properly ascribed to non-mental subjects , and immediately [reveal] themselves to a question about the true identity of their bearers and the criteria under which experiences can be ascribed to them .

When she is ready to lay , the male clears away some of the sand on the top to expose the rotting vegetation , the female lays a single egg in it , and he covers it over again .
when she is ready to lay , the male clears away some of the sand on the top to [reveal] the rotting vegetation , the female lays a single egg in it , and he covers it over again .

Drab tips of feathers had abraded to expose the bright colours beneath : orange throat , orange chest , jet-black head , white wing bars , bold white rump patch .
drab tips of feathers had abraded to [reveal] the bright colours beneath : orange throat , orange chest , jet-black head , white wing bars , bold white rump patch .

For one thing it was an opportunity , in a purely objective , journalistic sense , to expose the hypocrisy of a magazine that , to Branson 's mind , ‘ had always purported to be so perfect itself while having a go at everybody else ’ .
for one thing it was an opportunity , in a purely objective , journalistic sense , to [reveal] the hypocrisy of a magazine that , to branson 's mind , ‘ had always purported to be so perfect itself while having a go at everybody else ’ .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — … ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation .
‘ notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — … ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would [reveal] the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation .

In this case the mother submitted to the judge that to order the removal of the child from the United Kingdom back to Canada would expose him to a grave risk of being placed in an intolerable situation .
in this case the mother submitted to the judge that to order the removal of the child from the united kingdom back to canada would [reveal] him to a grave risk of being placed in an intolerable situation .

‘ Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …
‘ notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding article , the judicial or administrative authority of the requested state is not bound to order the return of the child if the person , institution or other body which opposes its return establishes that — ( a ) the person , institution or other body having the care of the person of the child was not actually exercising the custody rights at the time of removal or retention , or had consented to or subsequently acquiesced in the removal or retention ; or ( b ) there is a grave risk that his or her return would [reveal] the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place the child in an intolerable situation . …

The judge also had to consider a submission made by the mother that the return of the children ( if ordered ) would expose them to a ‘ grave risk of physical or psychological harm or place them in an intolerable situation ’ within the terms of paragraph ( b ) of article 13 .
the judge also had to consider a submission made by the mother that the return of the children ( if ordered ) would [reveal] them to a ‘ grave risk of physical or psychological harm or place them in an intolerable situation ’ within the terms of paragraph ( b ) of article 13 .

Mr. Wall argued that the exercise of the discretion which arises as a result of the finding of ‘ acquiescence ’ made by the Court of Appeal , is limited to considering the nature and quality of the acquiescence itself and would not entitle the court to take into account ‘ welfare ’ considerations relating specifically to the children unless the court were able to find that there had been established a grave risk that the return of the children would expose them to an intolerable situation under article 13 ( b ) .
mr. wall argued that the exercise of the discretion which arises as a result of the finding of ‘ acquiescence ’ made by the court of appeal , is limited to considering the nature and quality of the acquiescence itself and would not entitle the court to take into account ‘ welfare ’ considerations relating specifically to the children unless the court were able to find that there had been established a grave risk that the return of the children would [reveal] them to an intolerable situation under article 13 ( b ) .

Section 40 ( 1 ) allows the Bank of England 's officers to enter the premises of a person on whom a section 39 notice has been served for the purpose of obtaining the information or documents required , with no protection of reasonable excuse accorded to the person on whom the notice was served ; indeed any obstruction will , under subsection ( 3 ) , expose that person to the risk of prosecution .
section 40 ( 1 ) allows the bank of england 's officers to enter the premises of a person on whom a section 39 notice has been served for the purpose of obtaining the information or documents required , with no protection of reasonable excuse accorded to the person on whom the notice was served ; indeed any obstruction will , under subsection ( 3 ) , [reveal] that person to the risk of prosecution .

My Lords , this appeal concerns the ambit of that right to silence which is known as the privilege against self-incrimination and entitles any person to refuse to answer questions or to disclose documents if to do so would tend to expose him to proceedings for a criminal offence .
my lords , this appeal concerns the ambit of that right to silence which is known as the privilege against self-incrimination and entitles any person to refuse to answer questions or to disclose documents if to do so would tend to [reveal] him to proceedings for a criminal offence .

‘ ( 1 ) … a person shall not be excused , by reason that to do so would tend to expose that person , or his or her spouse , to proceedings for a related offence … ( a ) from answering any question put to that person in the first-mentioned proceedings ; or ( b ) from complying with any order made in those proceedings .
‘ ( 1 ) … a person shall not be excused , by reason that to do so would tend to [reveal] that person , or his or her spouse , to proceedings for a related offence … ( a ) from answering any question put to that person in the first-mentioned proceedings ; or ( b ) from complying with any order made in those proceedings .

‘ ( 1 ) In any proceedings to which this subsection applies a person shall not be excused , by reason that to do so would tend to expose that person , or his or her spouse , to proceedings for a related offence for the recovery of a related penalty — ( a ) from answering any question put to that person in the first-mentioned proceedings ; or ( b ) from complying with any order made in those proceedings .
‘ ( 1 ) in any proceedings to which this subsection applies a person shall not be excused , by reason that to do so would tend to [reveal] that person , or his or her spouse , to proceedings for a related offence for the recovery of a related penalty — ( a ) from answering any question put to that person in the first-mentioned proceedings ; or ( b ) from complying with any order made in those proceedings .

‘ the rule is that no one is bound to answer any question if the answer thereto would , in the opinion of the judge , have a tendency to expose the deponent to any criminal charge , penalty , or forfeiture which the judge regards as reasonably likely to be preferred or sued for .
‘ the rule is that no one is bound to answer any question if the answer thereto would , in the opinion of the judge , have a tendency to [reveal] the deponent to any criminal charge , penalty , or forfeiture which the judge regards as reasonably likely to be preferred or sued for .

Our friend looked at them , then lifted the leaves to expose a lovely row of radishes we never knew we had !
our friend looked at them , then lifted the leaves to [reveal] a lovely row of radishes we never knew we had !

Far better to let them grow up safe than expose them by making himself conspicuous .
far better to let them grow up safe than [reveal] them by making himself conspicuous .

Floor-length curtains which hug the curve present a beautiful flow of fabric , and can be drawn back to the sides of the window to expose the sweeping curve during the daytime .
floor-length curtains which hug the curve present a beautiful flow of fabric , and can be drawn back to the sides of the window to [reveal] the sweeping curve during the daytime .

Its effect is to expose to restraining action in the courts any local authority activity not backed by statutory authority .
its effect is to [reveal] to restraining action in the courts any local authority activity not backed by statutory authority .

It is possible to dissect open the animal 's body so as to expose the abdominal ganglion and its cells , or even to completely isolate the ganglion and the nerves connecting it to pieces of attached skin and gill .
it is possible to dissect open the animal 's body so as to [reveal] the abdominal ganglion and its cells , or even to completely isolate the ganglion and the nerves connecting it to pieces of attached skin and gill .

However , the success of the Inuit is based far more on dressing , housing and feeding themselves as well as possible , and avoiding risks that would expose them unduly to cold .
however , the success of the inuit is based far more on dressing , housing and feeding themselves as well as possible , and avoiding risks that would [reveal] them unduly to cold .

Lady Grange 's husband had been a Jacobite and during one of their marital battles she hinted that she would expose his seditious leanings — for which he could be hanged .
lady grange 's husband had been a jacobite and during one of their marital battles she hinted that she would [reveal] his seditious leanings — for which he could be hanged .

Occupied by its clichés , its principles , and its strategies , the sick mind of the central colourless figure unwittingly deploys subversive discursive counter-strategies that turn these ‘ conventional weapons ’ back on themselves and expose them for what they are .
occupied by its clichés , its principles , and its strategies , the sick mind of the central colourless figure unwittingly deploys subversive discursive counter-strategies that turn these ‘ conventional weapons ’ back on themselves and [reveal] them for what they are .

Mira 's only possible recourse is to a parodic ventriloquy of male modes of communication which subtly undermines them by using word play to expose the ‘ fictions ’ that underpin supposedly objective information and ‘ expert ’ analyses from Herodotus 's time to the present .
mira 's only possible recourse is to a parodic ventriloquy of male modes of communication which subtly undermines them by using word play to [reveal] the ‘ fictions ’ that underpin supposedly objective information and ‘ expert ’ analyses from herodotus 's time to the present .

Just like Nicola 's note to Parkin , Dexter remembered , with the threat to expose him .
just like nicola 's note to parkin , dexter remembered , with the threat to [reveal] him .

As the bulbs begin to swell , expose the tops to the sun to help ripen them to a golden colour .
as the bulbs begin to swell , [reveal] the tops to the sun to help ripen them to a golden colour .

To look at the black experience in Britain since 1979 is to expose the effects of Conservative policies at their harshest , with few if any palliative gestures to hide the stark reality of life for deprived minorities in the 1980s .
to look at the black experience in britain since 1979 is to [reveal] the effects of conservative policies at their harshest , with few if any palliative gestures to hide the stark reality of life for deprived minorities in the 1980s .

Asthma , heart conditions , diabetes or epilepsy expose you to special risks , and we do n't recommend you windsurf with any of these conditions .
asthma , heart conditions , diabetes or epilepsy [reveal] you to special risks , and we do n't recommend you windsurf with any of these conditions .

Like couturiers and coiffeurs , your portraitist has power — to massage your ego or expose your flaws .
like couturiers and coiffeurs , your portraitist has power — to massage your ego or [reveal] your flaws .

These new codes of popular journalism , investigative expose combined with sensationalist melodrama , were part of the repertoire of purity campaigns .
these new codes of popular journalism , investigative [reveal] combined with sensationalist melodrama , were part of the repertoire of purity campaigns .

Now there were three of them , and together they would break Ebert , expose him for the sham — the hollow shell — he was .
now there were three of them , and together they would break ebert , [reveal] him for the sham — the hollow shell — he was .

If we release you , you will try to expose us the way Ward was going to .
if we release you , you will try to [reveal] us the way ward was going to .

They are the most powerful because they can most effectively expose the discipline for what it is .
they are the most powerful because they can most effectively [reveal] the discipline for what it is .

Often called laser printers because many of them use a semiconductor laser to expose the image onto the drum , they are based on photocopier technology and produce an excellent substitute for traditionally typeset material , so long as the quality requirements are not paramount .
often called laser printers because many of them use a semiconductor laser to [reveal] the image onto the drum , they are based on photocopier technology and produce an excellent substitute for traditionally typeset material , so long as the quality requirements are not paramount .

Drawings are produced by scraping away the ink to expose the china clay surface .
drawings are produced by scraping away the ink to [reveal] the china clay surface .

Given the power of the managerial hierarchy to dispense or withhold rewards , open acts of defiance expose individuals to reprisal .
given the power of the managerial hierarchy to dispense or withhold rewards , open acts of defiance [reveal] individuals to reprisal .

After the presentation of a complicated paper at a meeting it was a joy to watch Griffiths , with his invariable appeal to ‘ first principles ’ , strip the paper of its frills and expose the essential bones of the contribution .
after the presentation of a complicated paper at a meeting it was a joy to watch griffiths , with his invariable appeal to ‘ first principles ’ , strip the paper of its frills and [reveal] the essential bones of the contribution .

Much better as women to put our energies elsewhere and to think in terms of guerilla action — to redistribute resources to women wherever possible ; to asset-strip men 's buildings of their space and facilities and resources on behalf of women ; to expose male hypocrisy , corruption and oppression wherever it appears ; to reserve loyalty for principles and for women not for institutions ; and to concentrate on the subversion of men 's ideas about themselves and about women by behaving badly and with irreverence to their rules . Adrienne Rich puts it precisely :
much better as women to put our energies elsewhere and to think in terms of guerilla action — to redistribute resources to women wherever possible ; to asset-strip men 's buildings of their space and facilities and resources on behalf of women ; to [reveal] male hypocrisy , corruption and oppression wherever it appears ; to reserve loyalty for principles and for women not for institutions ; and to concentrate on the subversion of men 's ideas about themselves and about women by behaving badly and with irreverence to their rules . adrienne rich puts it precisely :

In the 1980s Moscow has endeavoured to expose new American basing networks and strategies .
in the 1980s moscow has endeavoured to [reveal] new american basing networks and strategies .

In general they offer assistance with all types of problem but are often to be found in the areas of urban development and rehousing which are likely to expose housing , welfare benefit and educational problems .
in general they offer assistance with all types of problem but are often to be found in the areas of urban development and rehousing which are likely to [reveal] housing , welfare benefit and educational problems .

Making life hell so he resigned , and threatening to expose his negligence to ensure he made the minimum of fuss , was much more acceptable to MacQuillan .
making life hell so he resigned , and threatening to [reveal] his negligence to ensure he made the minimum of fuss , was much more acceptable to macquillan .

Wycliffe held out a cheque stub folded to expose a particular counterfoil .
wycliffe held out a cheque stub folded to [reveal] a particular counterfoil .

The more people travel the more they expose themselves to the risk of an accident .
the more people travel the more they [reveal] themselves to the risk of an accident .

( What power resides in the hands of a journalist who wants his story , and knows how to needle his man till he gets it ! By the same token , one wonders what leader , in some of the countries so quick to condemn Smith , would expose himself to such a cross-examination ? )
( what power resides in the hands of a journalist who wants his story , and knows how to needle his man till he gets it ! by the same token , one wonders what leader , in some of the countries so quick to condemn smith , would [reveal] himself to such a cross-examination ? )

With respect , there is much to be said for the minority view expressed by Lord Pearce which is based upon certainty in transactions and would not expose the parties to shifts in scientific knowledge right up to the time of trial .
with respect , there is much to be said for the minority view expressed by lord pearce which is based upon certainty in transactions and would not [reveal] the parties to shifts in scientific knowledge right up to the time of trial .

We can expose the ambiguity by introducing some technical distinctions .
we can [reveal] the ambiguity by introducing some technical distinctions .

Thus is it not resonable to suppose that when we come to play the likes of Liverpool , Arsenal , Norwich and Man Utd that once again these teams will once again expose our defencies and we 'll be on the loosing end of the scoreline .
thus is it not resonable to suppose that when we come to play the likes of liverpool , arsenal , norwich and man utd that once again these teams will once again [reveal] our defencies and we 'll be on the loosing end of the scoreline .

The question in the last sentence can not be answered , of course ; it is imponderable and we can go no further with it than to agree that it is useful to expose such uncertainties now and then .
the question in the last sentence can not be answered , of course ; it is imponderable and we can go no further with it than to agree that it is useful to [reveal] such uncertainties now and then .

Good journalism can also expose wrongdoing , evil and corruption .
good journalism can also [reveal] wrongdoing , evil and corruption .

Of all the people in the world to expose her seething mass of fears and insecurities to , Guy Sterne would have been her last choice … yet she 'd told him about Mortimer , she 'd carelessly made him a gift of her virginity , she 'd wildly announced she loved him , and now she was baring her soul over the painful anguish of her mother 's death …
of all the people in the world to [reveal] her seething mass of fears and insecurities to , guy sterne would have been her last choice … yet she 'd told him about mortimer , she 'd carelessly made him a gift of her virginity , she 'd wildly announced she loved him , and now she was baring her soul over the painful anguish of her mother 's death …

His mouth dragged swiftly from hers , fell to her throat , ravaging her hot , shivering neck , his hand tugging down the bodice of her dress ready to expose her to his expert hands and mouth .
his mouth dragged swiftly from hers , fell to her throat , ravaging her hot , shivering neck , his hand tugging down the bodice of her dress ready to [reveal] her to his expert hands and mouth .

Ruth tucked herself further down in the wicker chair and hoisted up her cotton skirt to expose her long legs to the heat of the sun .
ruth tucked herself further down in the wicker chair and hoisted up her cotton skirt to [reveal] her long legs to the heat of the sun .

Nevertheless the erosion of such landscapes can expose the successive lava flows which may then form low , but laterally persistent , cliff-like faces in which the hexagonal joint patterns that are sometimes developed in basalt are visible .
nevertheless the erosion of such landscapes can [reveal] the successive lava flows which may then form low , but laterally persistent , cliff-like faces in which the hexagonal joint patterns that are sometimes developed in basalt are visible .

The associated volume increase can exert pressure on the surrounding rock and the weathering rinds produced peel off to expose fresh rock to further weathering .
the associated volume increase can exert pressure on the surrounding rock and the weathering rinds produced peel off to [reveal] fresh rock to further weathering .

Of course taking logarithms and dropping down one time derivative does little to alter the spirit of the analysis and does much to expose the intuition behind this very influential relation .
of course taking logarithms and dropping down one time derivative does little to alter the spirit of the analysis and does much to [reveal] the intuition behind this very influential relation .

We shall briefly discuss three interconnected lines of enquiry and , although the success of these approaches is hard to evaluate at this stage , they have certainly raised many issues which either expose the incompleteness of the simple Keynesian model or point to fundamental inadequacies within it .
we shall briefly discuss three interconnected lines of enquiry and , although the success of these approaches is hard to evaluate at this stage , they have certainly raised many issues which either [reveal] the incompleteness of the simple keynesian model or point to fundamental inadequacies within it .

In practice , the interests of the firm and the outgoing partner are secured by less formal arrangements which do not expose the outgoing partner to any liability to third parties .
in practice , the interests of the firm and the outgoing partner are secured by less formal arrangements which do not [reveal] the outgoing partner to any liability to third parties .

Friends of the Earth ( FoE ) have announced their 1991 " Green Con " awards , designed to expose organizations making spurious environmental claims .
friends of the earth ( foe ) have announced their 1991 " green con " awards , designed to [reveal] organizations making spurious environmental claims .

The findings expose the failure of North Sea states to meet commitments to reduce industrial pollution entered into under a convention signed in Paris in 1974 .
the findings [reveal] the failure of north sea states to meet commitments to reduce industrial pollution entered into under a convention signed in paris in 1974 .

Much in the Bible exists to expose man 's tendency to make religion suit his own pleasure , or ( as might be said ) match what he finds `` helpful `` .
much in the bible exists to [reveal] man 's tendency to make religion suit his own pleasure , or ( as might be said ) match what he finds `` helpful `` .

Others possess cultures of phosphorescent bacteria in special organs with flaps of skin over them which can be moved to expose or conceal the bacteria in a series of winks and flashes .
others possess cultures of phosphorescent bacteria in special organs with flaps of skin over them which can be moved to [reveal] or conceal the bacteria in a series of winks and flashes .

They have hunter 's jaws and when they suddenly expose a huge gape , they can be quite alarming if you think you are handling an ordinary , inoffensive worm .
they have hunter 's jaws and when they suddenly [reveal] a huge gape , they can be quite alarming if you think you are handling an ordinary , inoffensive worm .

If you have electrolysis for unwanted hair , do n't expose the treated area to the sun for at least 24 hours .
if you have electrolysis for unwanted hair , do n't [reveal] the treated area to the sun for at least 24 hours .

Clara had had the sense not to try to ask her mother about a possible purchase , as she could only too clearly imagine the responses to which such a request would expose her , and the abuse which would be cast upon those girls fortunate enough to have a use for party dresses .
clara had had the sense not to try to ask her mother about a possible purchase , as she could only too clearly imagine the responses to which such a request would [reveal] her , and the abuse which would be cast upon those girls fortunate enough to have a use for party dresses .

At this , Rosie , Katie , Heather , Isabel and Clara felt themselves put upon their mettle , and they swerved round , slowly , to expose their disdainful faces .
at this , rosie , katie , heather , isabel and clara felt themselves put upon their mettle , and they swerved round , slowly , to [reveal] their disdainful faces .

The Other Israel whilst seeking to expose the hidden truth regarding the Jews is not anti-Jewish and openly condemns nazism and its fellow travellers .
the other israel whilst seeking to [reveal] the hidden truth regarding the jews is not anti-jewish and openly condemns nazism and its fellow travellers .

‘ The documentaries in this guide explore and expose the realities of women 's lives ’ , she adds .
‘ the documentaries in this guide explore and [reveal] the realities of women 's lives ’ , she adds .

There is no focusing device , no lenses to change : you just open and expose .
there is no focusing device , no lenses to change : you just open and [reveal] .

It 's perfectly easy to take your clothes off — it 's much harder to expose yourself emotionally , to render yourself vulnerable before another person — as you assuredly do in the expression of yourself and your needs in a sexual relationship .
it 's perfectly easy to take your clothes off — it 's much harder to [reveal] yourself emotionally , to render yourself vulnerable before another person — as you assuredly do in the expression of yourself and your needs in a sexual relationship .

But against this Vernon warned Hunsdon that the great elevation of the Lord Chamberlain 's position would arouse jealousy , involve heavy expenses , tie him to the court , and expose him to disgrace for any errors that he might commit .
but against this vernon warned hunsdon that the great elevation of the lord chamberlain 's position would arouse jealousy , involve heavy expenses , tie him to the court , and [reveal] him to disgrace for any errors that he might commit .

Take three potatoes of the same variety and place one in a cool dark place , expose one to daylight and one to fluorescent light .
take three potatoes of the same variety and place one in a cool dark place , [reveal] one to daylight and one to fluorescent light .

They sought both to contest his method and to expose the political values on which his theory rested .
they sought both to contest his method and to [reveal] the political values on which his theory rested .

The functionalist style in public law exhibits tendencies to examine critically the reasoning processes of courts and to expose the value assumptions on which they rest .
the functionalist style in public law exhibits tendencies to examine critically the reasoning processes of courts and to [reveal] the value assumptions on which they rest .

Here , an individual or group takes a high-risk position to expose an injustice or inconsistency which produces a sense of moral outrage .
here , an individual or group takes a high-risk position to [reveal] an injustice or inconsistency which produces a sense of moral outrage .

Tsar after tsar resorted to officials outside the regular hierarchy or appointed ‘ watchdogs ’ — fiscals , procurators , inspectors , Nicholas 's notorious police of the Third Section — to supervise and expose maladministration .
tsar after tsar resorted to officials outside the regular hierarchy or appointed ‘ watchdogs ’ — fiscals , procurators , inspectors , nicholas 's notorious police of the third section — to supervise and [reveal] maladministration .

The major trials which followed the movement ‘ to the people ’ were used with great skill by the accused and their defence lawyers to expose the incompetence and brutality of the police , to draw attention to the plight of the peasantry , and to win sympathy for the wretched poverty of many students .
the major trials which followed the movement ‘ to the people ’ were used with great skill by the accused and their defence lawyers to [reveal] the incompetence and brutality of the police , to draw attention to the plight of the peasantry , and to win sympathy for the wretched poverty of many students .

( ii ) Expose the body wall by grasping the skin of the abdomen immediately above and below the midline with fingers and thumb and pulling simultaneously towards the head and feet ( this procedure can be made easier if a small midline knick is first made in the skin with a pair of scissors ) .
( ii ) [reveal] the body wall by grasping the skin of the abdomen immediately above and below the midline with fingers and thumb and pulling simultaneously towards the head and feet ( this procedure can be made easier if a small midline knick is first made in the skin with a pair of scissors ) .

( iii ) Make a longitudinal incision in the body wall and expose the uterus .
( iii ) make a longitudinal incision in the body wall and [reveal] the uterus .

( i ) Expose whole embryos ( with or without their zonae ) , ICMs or other clusters of cells , to 0.9 % sodium citrate for periods ranging from 1 to 10 min during which time the cells should swell and loosen their contacts .
( i ) [reveal] whole embryos ( with or without their zonae ) , icms or other clusters of cells , to 0.9 % sodium citrate for periods ranging from 1 to 10 min during which time the cells should swell and loosen their contacts .

The didactic works which the nobility used to educate their children stressed , in the words of the Burgundian , Ghillebert de Lannoy ( himself a nobleman ) , the obligation to ‘ expose themselves to death for the good of the land ’ , an ideal which many would have been able to read about in the works of classical authors such as Valerius Maximus , Livy and Caesar .
the didactic works which the nobility used to educate their children stressed , in the words of the burgundian , ghillebert de lannoy ( himself a nobleman ) , the obligation to ‘ [reveal] themselves to death for the good of the land ’ , an ideal which many would have been able to read about in the works of classical authors such as valerius maximus , livy and caesar .

In a superb performance they expose the struggle to survive in a Youth Detention Centre .
in a superb performance they [reveal] the struggle to survive in a youth detention centre .

‘ You take men from their homes or their chosen occupations , you confine them in insalubrious conditions upon a wholly inadequate diet , you subject them to the tyranny of bosun 's mates , you expose them to unimagined perils ; what is more , you defraud them of their meagre food , pay and allowances — everything but this sacred rum of yours .
‘ you take men from their homes or their chosen occupations , you confine them in insalubrious conditions upon a wholly inadequate diet , you subject them to the tyranny of bosun 's mates , you [reveal] them to unimagined perils ; what is more , you defraud them of their meagre food , pay and allowances — everything but this sacred rum of yours .

Recently the castle remains , neglected for centuries and largely hidden , have been excavated to expose some solid stonework foundations and a few ancient arches .
recently the castle remains , neglected for centuries and largely hidden , have been excavated to [reveal] some solid stonework foundations and a few ancient arches .

They were all questions which both puzzled and disturbed him , yet at the same time he knew she was the key to helping him expose the diversion at the plant .
they were all questions which both puzzled and disturbed him , yet at the same time he knew she was the key to helping him [reveal] the diversion at the plant .

They maintain that through insider dealing the firm can convey information it could not feasibly announce publicly because an announcement would : ( 1 ) destroy the value of the information , ( 2 ) be too expensive , ( 3 ) not be believable , and ( 4 ) ( owing to uncertainty of information ) expose the firm to liability because it was found after the fact to be incorrect .
they maintain that through insider dealing the firm can convey information it could not feasibly announce publicly because an announcement would : ( 1 ) destroy the value of the information , ( 2 ) be too expensive , ( 3 ) not be believable , and ( 4 ) ( owing to uncertainty of information ) [reveal] the firm to liability because it was found after the fact to be incorrect .

Feminist criticisms and contributions need to expose and redress distortions where they are found .
feminist criticisms and contributions need to [reveal] and redress distortions where they are found .

According to Lacan , the aim of psychoanalysis should be rigorously to deconstruct and expose the contradictions and radical fissues in which human subjectivity is born .
according to lacan , the aim of psychoanalysis should be rigorously to deconstruct and [reveal] the contradictions and radical fissues in which human subjectivity is born .

One is aware that educators in this field are treading sacred ground and expose themselves to accusations that they create unrealistic expectations ( say , elaborate rituals ) , or that they encroach upon the territory of other professionals ( the Clergy , perhaps ) .
one is aware that educators in this field are treading sacred ground and [reveal] themselves to accusations that they create unrealistic expectations ( say , elaborate rituals ) , or that they encroach upon the territory of other professionals ( the clergy , perhaps ) .

She stood , reached for the clumsy metal blade she now carried , flung back her cloak to expose patterned nakedness , threw back her head , howled Tallis 's name , then Scathach 's , then her own , then looked again , silent , furious , to where Tallis hovered in the shadows at the edge of the wood .
she stood , reached for the clumsy metal blade she now carried , flung back her cloak to [reveal] patterned nakedness , threw back her head , howled tallis 's name , then scathach 's , then her own , then looked again , silent , furious , to where tallis hovered in the shadows at the edge of the wood .

Then he saw them lying on the ground , but not complete clubs , just the heads with their covers on , protruding from a detachable section that could be removed to expose the empty cylinder of the golf-bag .
then he saw them lying on the ground , but not complete clubs , just the heads with their covers on , protruding from a detachable section that could be removed to [reveal] the empty cylinder of the golf-bag .

Trotsky was more concerned to confront Stalinism and expose the bureaucratization of his regime than to set out an alternative model of non-bureaucratized government under socialism or communism .
trotsky was more concerned to confront stalinism and [reveal] the bureaucratization of his regime than to set out an alternative model of non-bureaucratized government under socialism or communism .

If you 're right about him being involved in nefarious activities in Paris , he 's not likely to turn up and expose you .
if you 're right about him being involved in nefarious activities in paris , he 's not likely to turn up and [reveal] you .

If you want to expose yourself to someone , then do it to one of your fancy women ; you 'll do it no longer to my daughter , my daughter .
if you want to [reveal] yourself to someone , then do it to one of your fancy women ; you 'll do it no longer to my daughter , my daughter .

The evidence for our palaeolithic ancestors having occupied this area is found in the eastern reaches of the Serengeti where the natural forces of erosion have cut a deep gash into the grasslands to expose the sun-baked deposits of Olduvai Gorge .
the evidence for our palaeolithic ancestors having occupied this area is found in the eastern reaches of the serengeti where the natural forces of erosion have cut a deep gash into the grasslands to [reveal] the sun-baked deposits of olduvai gorge .

( For the record , he claims never to have met the girl linked with him in a recent Sunday supplement expose . )
( for the record , he claims never to have met the girl linked with him in a recent sunday supplement [reveal] . )

The president was anxious to expose the thinking of his own advisers to outside criticism and review .
the president was anxious to [reveal] the thinking of his own advisers to outside criticism and review .

Since no amount of economic reductionism or political explanation alone will expose the roots and distinctive characteristics of the province of Ulster by the late Victorian period , the aim of this investigation is to concentrate specifically on the important contribution made by evangelical religion , from the early penetration by Methodism in the mid eighteenth century to the political crises surrounding Home Rule at the end of the nineteenth century .
since no amount of economic reductionism or political explanation alone will [reveal] the roots and distinctive characteristics of the province of ulster by the late victorian period , the aim of this investigation is to concentrate specifically on the important contribution made by evangelical religion , from the early penetration by methodism in the mid eighteenth century to the political crises surrounding home rule at the end of the nineteenth century .

The research programme consists of a number of related sub-projects all of which are designed to expose the motives behind firms ' investment , employment , and where possible , hours and energy demand decisions . These are :
the research programme consists of a number of related sub-projects all of which are designed to [reveal] the motives behind firms ' investment , employment , and where possible , hours and energy demand decisions . these are :

The value of the political talks so far has been to expose three basic truths .
the value of the political talks so far has been to [reveal] three basic truths .

Expose yourself to the fine arts .
[reveal] yourself to the fine arts .

And since whatever happened he would have to take the London train , could he really expose her — a woman who had one child and so could surely have another — to the risk of her own fertility ?
and since whatever happened he would have to take the london train , could he really [reveal] her — a woman who had one child and so could surely have another — to the risk of her own fertility ?

It should be noted that if any of these ineffective exclusion clauses are included in an advertisement , the trader responsible will expose himself to the risk of proceedings against him under the Control of Misleading Advertisements Regulations 1988 ( see paragraph 16 — 37 , below ) .
it should be noted that if any of these ineffective exclusion clauses are included in an advertisement , the trader responsible will [reveal] himself to the risk of proceedings against him under the control of misleading advertisements regulations 1988 ( see paragraph 16 — 37 , below ) .

Despite the recent legalization of homosexuality between consenting adults , in private , gay politics and gay life-style remained resolutely unnoticed even within the underground press — a silence only broken by the occasional tabloid expose .
despite the recent legalization of homosexuality between consenting adults , in private , gay politics and gay life-style remained resolutely unnoticed even within the underground press — a silence only broken by the occasional tabloid [reveal] .

Turning down the collar of his raincoat and arranging it to expose his clerical collar — for he was not ashamed of his calling — Mark entered the shop .
turning down the collar of his raincoat and arranging it to [reveal] his clerical collar — for he was not ashamed of his calling — mark entered the shop .

They claim the expulsions were a cover-up bid after they tried to expose a slush fund run by crooked officials .
they claim the expulsions were a cover-up bid after they tried to [reveal] a slush fund run by crooked officials .

In her catalogue essay , Rosemary Betterton draws attention to the development in the 1970s of a feminist politics of representation which justifiably set out to expose and dismantle the patriarchal jurisdiction over creative and institutional practices .
in her catalogue essay , rosemary betterton draws attention to the development in the 1970s of a feminist politics of representation which justifiably set out to [reveal] and dismantle the patriarchal jurisdiction over creative and institutional practices .

At the same time we expose local people to new developments that may be beneficial to cultural activities .
at the same time we [reveal] local people to new developments that may be beneficial to cultural activities .

He was keen to tell everyone the Great News about my dad coming back to life to expose Christianity .
he was keen to tell everyone the great news about my dad coming back to life to [reveal] christianity .

Even if the differences can not be resolved , it is useful to expose them .
even if the differences can not be resolved , it is useful to [reveal] them .

Or do away with wallcovering altogether : strip away the plaster to expose the bare brick underneath .
or do away with wallcovering altogether : strip away the plaster to [reveal] the bare brick underneath .

More likely she just ran into the tree and panicked as the sun threatened to rise like a spotlight and expose her .
more likely she just ran into the tree and panicked as the sun threatened to rise like a spotlight and [reveal] her .

It seemed as if this man would always somehow have the power to strip her of her narrow protective veneer to expose her vulnerability .
it seemed as if this man would always somehow have the power to strip her of her narrow protective veneer to [reveal] her vulnerability .

‘ If we can expose their dependence on feminizing women , ’ she says , we can show that this world system is also dependent on artificial notions of masculinity : this seemingly overwhelming world system may be more fragile and open to radical change than we have been led to imagine .
‘ if we can [reveal] their dependence on feminizing women , ’ she says , we can show that this world system is also dependent on artificial notions of masculinity : this seemingly overwhelming world system may be more fragile and open to radical change than we have been led to imagine .

That would be a major inroad into a constitutional safeguard and would expose the courts to the risk of pressure from interested third parties .
that would be a major inroad into a constitutional safeguard and would [reveal] the courts to the risk of pressure from interested third parties .

That would be a major inroad into a constitutional safeguard and would expose the courts to the risk of pressure from interested third parties .
that would be a major inroad into a constitutional safeguard and would [reveal] the courts to the risk of pressure from interested third parties .

He may not be able to call upon the driver who took over the car to support his defence and to help him discharge the balance of probabilities in his favour , because that driver would not want to expose himself to the criminal charges of aggravated car theft .
he may not be able to call upon the driver who took over the car to support his defence and to help him discharge the balance of probabilities in his favour , because that driver would not want to [reveal] himself to the criminal charges of aggravated car theft .

The best way of dealing with poisonous views is to expose and destroy them , and that is what free speech does .
the best way of dealing with poisonous views is to [reveal] and destroy them , and that is what free speech does .

Indeed , it was necessary for the Government to carry the management of those companies with them so that any radical measures to expose the industries to serious restructuring or competition were not on the agenda .
indeed , it was necessary for the government to carry the management of those companies with them so that any radical measures to [reveal] the industries to serious restructuring or competition were not on the agenda .

Successful Hackney ‘ No Through Road Campaign ’ visibility : Expose road lobby , e.g .
successful hackney ‘ no through road campaign ’ visibility : [reveal] road lobby , e.g .

On the contrary — she had sworn never to marry , never to expose herself to the mercy of a man 's rough or abusive treatment .
on the contrary — she had sworn never to marry , never to [reveal] herself to the mercy of a man 's rough or abusive treatment .

’ he rasped , turning her expertly with a spin of her slim shoulders and lifting her right hand to expose the pale , tender skin of her forearm .
’ he rasped , turning her expertly with a spin of her slim shoulders and lifting her right hand to [reveal] the pale , tender skin of her forearm .

Unwelcome tears threatened again to expose him for a big softie .
unwelcome tears threatened again to [reveal] him for a big softie .

‘ Except that you 'd never expose yourself like that .
‘ except that you 'd never [reveal] yourself like that .

It was from a man called Corosini , demanding the return of a key and threatening to expose her grandmother as a blackmailer .
it was from a man called corosini , demanding the return of a key and threatening to [reveal] her grandmother as a blackmailer .

He reached for her , pulling away the tight linen shift to expose a taut brown body with generous firm breasts .
he reached for her , pulling away the tight linen shift to [reveal] a taut brown body with generous firm breasts .

‘ Pig ! ’ Folly grabbed a pillow from behind her and threw it at Luke , then saw his face change with sudden desire as the sheet slipped down to expose her breasts .
‘ pig ! ’ folly grabbed a pillow from behind her and threw it at luke , then saw his face change with sudden desire as the sheet slipped down to [reveal] her breasts .

She did n't want involvement with any man ; it was simply a cruel twist of fate that she had got it , and there was no way that she was going to expose her vulnerability to him .
she did n't want involvement with any man ; it was simply a cruel twist of fate that she had got it , and there was no way that she was going to [reveal] her vulnerability to him .

And , having provided a generally pessimistic account of the evacuee children 's condition , Our Towns drew the conclusion that what was needed was primarily a reform of the education system that would ‘ lay the foundations for community life and expose the schools to the pressure of middle-class standards and requirements ’ , with an emphasis on ‘ training for future wives ’ .
and , having provided a generally pessimistic account of the evacuee children 's condition , our towns drew the conclusion that what was needed was primarily a reform of the education system that would ‘ lay the foundations for community life and [reveal] the schools to the pressure of middle-class standards and requirements ’ , with an emphasis on ‘ training for future wives ’ .

The immediate impact of war on the educational system was to expose the disparities of secondary provision between local authorities .
the immediate impact of war on the educational system was to [reveal] the disparities of secondary provision between local authorities .

The fall of the Olszewski government was complicated by its actions to expose alleged communist collaborators .
the fall of the olszewski government was complicated by its actions to [reveal] alleged communist collaborators .

Giving evidence at a judicial tribunal into Ouko 's killing , Troon said that Ouko 's attempt to expose governmental corruption and a dispute with Biwott had been the reasons for his murder .
giving evidence at a judicial tribunal into ouko 's killing , troon said that ouko 's attempt to [reveal] governmental corruption and a dispute with biwott had been the reasons for his murder .

He said that he was convinced that the country did not want change , and was calling the referendum to expose the `` lies `` spread by `` dissidents `` about the level of support for multiparty politics ; it would , he said , give `` people a chance to vote for me and my party … and to reject the introduction of other political parties `` .
he said that he was convinced that the country did not want change , and was calling the referendum to [reveal] the `` lies `` spread by `` dissidents `` about the level of support for multiparty politics ; it would , he said , give `` people a chance to vote for me and my party … and to reject the introduction of other political parties `` .

It must be made from a material which is structurally suitable for the hygienic environment , and be without any form of coating which could prove risky once the surface has been damaged and expose an unsuitable material such as mild steel , to the environment .
it must be made from a material which is structurally suitable for the hygienic environment , and be without any form of coating which could prove risky once the surface has been damaged and [reveal] an unsuitable material such as mild steel , to the environment .

It is possible that for all its lofty consequences , Nietzsche 's willingness to expose himself to Meistersinger in the first place arose out of nothing loftier than social contacts : the coincidence that a sister of Wagner 's living in Leipzig was friendly with Professor Ritschl and his wife , with whom Nietzsche was on excellent terms at the time .
it is possible that for all its lofty consequences , nietzsche 's willingness to [reveal] himself to meistersinger in the first place arose out of nothing loftier than social contacts : the coincidence that a sister of wagner 's living in leipzig was friendly with professor ritschl and his wife , with whom nietzsche was on excellent terms at the time .

Do n't expose babies under six months to strong sunlight at all ; after that they should wear a strong water-resistant sunblock .
do n't [reveal] babies under six months to strong sunlight at all ; after that they should wear a strong water-resistant sunblock .

When Speelman seemed to be getting the better of it , Timman suddenly sacrificed two pieces to expose his opponent 's king .
when speelman seemed to be getting the better of it , timman suddenly sacrificed two pieces to [reveal] his opponent 's king .

‘ Another man might 've attempted to expose Bo-Bo to herself .
‘ another man might 've attempted to [reveal] bo-bo to herself .

She knew that success would come if she could convince readers that it was not a novel designed as mere entertainment but a moral tale designed to expose an evil and enhance the moral status of the reader .
she knew that success would come if she could convince readers that it was not a novel designed as mere entertainment but a moral tale designed to [reveal] an evil and enhance the moral status of the reader .

Libyans knew of civilians imprisoned , officers hanged or shot for voicing opinions contrary to the regime , and they took care not to expose themselves by expressing hostility or opposition in public .
libyans knew of civilians imprisoned , officers hanged or shot for voicing opinions contrary to the regime , and they took care not to [reveal] themselves by expressing hostility or opposition in public .

But when it is discovered that a substance harms women 's reproductive health , women of childbearing age are usually kept from jobs that might expose them to it .
but when it is discovered that a substance harms women 's reproductive health , women of childbearing age are usually kept from jobs that might [reveal] them to it .

What is so wrong with Kinnock that even his own courtiers dare not expose him to challenge ?
what is so wrong with kinnock that even his own courtiers dare not [reveal] him to challenge ?

The single market and economic and monetary union will expose regions and firms to greater competition .
the single market and economic and monetary union will [reveal] regions and firms to greater competition .

Giant clams rest with their shells slightly apart , not because they are waiting to trap unwary divers , but so as to expose the algae within the fleshy mantle .
giant clams rest with their shells slightly apart , not because they are waiting to trap unwary divers , but so as to [reveal] the algae within the fleshy mantle .

For the most part they contented themselves with the material evidence available in the form of bones and artefacts , yet even when they began to observe living animals good behavioural description did not expose the factors that transformed the infrahuman primate society into a human one .
for the most part they contented themselves with the material evidence available in the form of bones and artefacts , yet even when they began to observe living animals good behavioural description did not [reveal] the factors that transformed the infrahuman primate society into a human one .

Obviously , individuals that either fail to find enough food for themselves or unwisely and fatally expose themselves to predators tend to die young and to leave few offspring .
obviously , individuals that either fail to find enough food for themselves or unwisely and fatally [reveal] themselves to predators tend to die young and to leave few offspring .

As Michael Goldman ( 1975 ) suggests , fashions in acting can be seen in terms of the varying degrees to which it is thought proper to expose the private feeling of the actor .
as michael goldman ( 1975 ) suggests , fashions in acting can be seen in terms of the varying degrees to which it is thought proper to [reveal] the private feeling of the actor .

• Does the machine have an effective cool zone into which loose particles of food can fall so as not to expose the oil to carbonisation , which will reduce the life of the oil ?
• does the machine have an effective cool zone into which loose particles of food can fall so as not to [reveal] the oil to carbonisation , which will reduce the life of the oil ?

This course of action would expose them to the prospect of mounting fines and eventual seizure of assets .
this course of action would [reveal] them to the prospect of mounting fines and eventual seizure of assets .

He accused his editor , Govindan Kasturi , of ‘ arbitrarily ’ deciding to discontinue the expose , even though the paper had more documents in its possession .
he accused his editor , govindan kasturi , of ‘ arbitrarily ’ deciding to discontinue the [reveal] , even though the paper had more documents in its possession .

Post-structuralist texts expose the role of language in deferring meaning and in constructing a subjectivity which is not fixed but is constantly negotiated through a whole range of forces — economic , social and political .
post-structuralist texts [reveal] the role of language in deferring meaning and in constructing a subjectivity which is not fixed but is constantly negotiated through a whole range of forces — economic , social and political .

Over-committing yourself to a foot sweep may expose you to your opponent 's full point counter
over-committing yourself to a foot sweep may [reveal] you to your opponent 's full point counter

The dog played with it , as dogs will , nose to the ground between his paws , retreating to full height with a sharp bark , rolling the toad over to expose its horrible pale underside .
the dog played with it , as dogs will , nose to the ground between his paws , retreating to full height with a sharp bark , rolling the toad over to [reveal] its horrible pale underside .

'68/'69 boots with concealed steel toecaps were often purposely worn to expose the metal .
'68/'69 boots with concealed steel toecaps were often purposely worn to [reveal] the metal .

You have to expose him to the temptation , do n't you ?
you have to [reveal] him to the temptation , do n't you ?

They can never expose themselves , nor deeply know themselves .
they can never [reveal] themselves , nor deeply know themselves .

This is why the search for true happiness will inevitably start to expose the shallowness of our lives .
this is why the search for true happiness will inevitably start to [reveal] the shallowness of our lives .

In practice , it is useful to expose test samples to daylight ( not direct sunlight ) and also to expose them continuously to a battery of fluorescent tubes .
in practice , it is useful to [reveal] test samples to daylight ( not direct sunlight ) and also to [reveal] them continuously to a battery of fluorescent tubes .

After cutting and initial drying of the exposed surface the swathes are turned over by hand or mechanical rake to expose the wet under-surface and to move the whole windrow onto dry ground .
after cutting and initial drying of the exposed surface the swathes are turned over by hand or mechanical rake to [reveal] the wet under-surface and to move the whole windrow onto dry ground .

People who show their dogs expose them to many new forms of stimuli .
people who show their dogs [reveal] them to many new forms of stimuli .

Where Eva Figes ' expose on homeownership during the Boom and Bust bingo economy of the 80s leaves off , Sheila McKechnie 's excellent article on the housing crises picks up .
where eva figes ' [reveal] on homeownership during the boom and bust bingo economy of the 80s leaves off , sheila mckechnie 's excellent article on the housing crises picks up .

Border chose not to expose his all-seam attack , so ineffective in the first innings and in the recent draw with New Zealand , to the chance of further indignity .
border chose not to [reveal] his all-seam attack , so ineffective in the first innings and in the recent draw with new zealand , to the chance of further indignity .

In order to expose what appears to be a series of monstrous , incomprehensible legal blunders , Mr Mathew gave up work in 1983 .
in order to [reveal] what appears to be a series of monstrous , incomprehensible legal blunders , mr mathew gave up work in 1983 .

Court actions in foreign countries expose a company to a number of risks :
court actions in foreign countries [reveal] a company to a number of risks :

She would not allow it to open up and expose her directly to the moon , and to the distant but approaching dragon .
she would not allow it to open up and [reveal] her directly to the moon , and to the distant but approaching dragon .

‘ What we have sought to do ’ , claims Francis speaking for the organisers of the exhibition , ‘ is not to reconstruct time past but to expose to the light things that have run the risk of acquiring the patina of nostalgia and the glamour of neglect .
‘ what we have sought to do ’ , claims francis speaking for the organisers of the exhibition , ‘ is not to reconstruct time past but to [reveal] to the light things that have run the risk of acquiring the patina of nostalgia and the glamour of neglect .

Shaw 's book , however , did encourage Eliot to think of the modern in terms of the ancient , of ‘ creative evolution ’ , of ‘ Darwin ' , ‘ biology ’ , and the ‘ ultimate questions ’ raised by ‘ the attempt to expose a panorama of human history ‘ as far as thought can reach ’ .
shaw 's book , however , did encourage eliot to think of the modern in terms of the ancient , of ‘ creative evolution ’ , of ‘ darwin ' , ‘ biology ’ , and the ‘ ultimate questions ’ raised by ‘ the attempt to [reveal] a panorama of human history ‘ as far as thought can reach ’ .

In particular there is anecdotal evidence to show that they are willing to expose the faults of other companies , including those that buy advertising space in the paper .
in particular there is anecdotal evidence to show that they are willing to [reveal] the faults of other companies , including those that buy advertising space in the paper .

However , in order to expose the nature of capitalism , Marx first had to show that capitalism is not based on some eternal immutable truth , as presented by economists , but is the product of a long history .
however , in order to [reveal] the nature of capitalism , marx first had to show that capitalism is not based on some eternal immutable truth , as presented by economists , but is the product of a long history .

Calculations make it possible to compare and contrast molecular configuration or perturbations with experimental results and ‘ at times ’ can expose them as possibly accurate or inaccurate .
calculations make it possible to compare and contrast molecular configuration or perturbations with experimental results and ‘ at times ’ can [reveal] them as possibly accurate or inaccurate .

Anne knew she had to expose Amelia and her friends .
anne knew she had to [reveal] amelia and her friends .

He had been moved alongside the combative Hughes in the second half , to try and expose a lack of pace at the heart of Southampton 's aggressive and rough defence .
he had been moved alongside the combative hughes in the second half , to try and [reveal] a lack of pace at the heart of southampton 's aggressive and rough defence .

As a cunning demonstration of the superiority of a free culture the scene required the girls to expose their pantied behinds to the visitor and a chorus boy to run his head beneath Shirley MacLaine 's petticoat and emerge with her underwear .
as a cunning demonstration of the superiority of a free culture the scene required the girls to [reveal] their pantied behinds to the visitor and a chorus boy to run his head beneath shirley maclaine 's petticoat and emerge with her underwear .

British companies , which are now considered to be leaders in the value-added sector , come to the show to expose their products and learn about this dynamic market .
british companies , which are now considered to be leaders in the value-added sector , come to the show to [reveal] their products and learn about this dynamic market .

To work the system , the operator first takes the normal cap from the spray container to expose the foil seal .
to work the system , the operator first takes the normal cap from the spray container to [reveal] the foil seal .

Scrape the soil away from the plant to expose some of its larger roots and cut off a few of these with a sharp knife .
scrape the soil away from the plant to [reveal] some of its larger roots and cut off a few of these with a sharp knife .

Strip any leaves from the portion to be buried , and then expose some of the inner tissues near a node by scraping bark from the underside , twisting the stem to break some of the fibres , or by making a long sloping cut into the centre of the stem to form a ‘ tongue ’ , held open with a matchstick .
strip any leaves from the portion to be buried , and then [reveal] some of the inner tissues near a node by scraping bark from the underside , twisting the stem to break some of the fibres , or by making a long sloping cut into the centre of the stem to form a ‘ tongue ’ , held open with a matchstick .

But Ridley 's attempts to expose the lush cornfields of Fifties middle America as a stunted psychic wasteland are ultimately carried by his visual confidence and imagination .
but ridley 's attempts to [reveal] the lush cornfields of fifties middle america as a stunted psychic wasteland are ultimately carried by his visual confidence and imagination .

( Marshalls ) Here the texture of stone is achieved by splitting the blocks to expose the rough sandstone finish inside .
( marshalls ) here the texture of stone is achieved by splitting the blocks to [reveal] the rough sandstone finish inside .

To expose the contradictions of the world economic system by identifying soil erosion in lesser developed countries is like expecting the tail to wag the dog .
to [reveal] the contradictions of the world economic system by identifying soil erosion in lesser developed countries is like expecting the tail to wag the dog .

By following the ‘ golden rule ’ of black and white photography — to expose for the shadows and develop for the highlights — negative contrast can be lowered or raised according to the subject 's original tonal contrast .
by following the ‘ golden rule ’ of black and white photography — to [reveal] for the shadows and develop for the highlights — negative contrast can be lowered or raised according to the subject 's original tonal contrast .

Federman presents Beckett as a practitioner of perversely inverted narrative values , in effect deconstructing the novel in order to expose the deceits of realism .
federman presents beckett as a practitioner of perversely inverted narrative values , in effect deconstructing the novel in order to [reveal] the deceits of realism .

The works which are aware of this predicament Federman has called ‘ surfiction ’ whose primary purpose ‘ will be to unmask its own fictionality , to expose the metaphor of its own fraudulence ’ .
the works which are aware of this predicament federman has called ‘ surfiction ’ whose primary purpose ‘ will be to unmask its own fictionality , to [reveal] the metaphor of its own fraudulence ’ .

It was also a didactic novel that set out to expose social injustice , to diagnose problems of national development or to vindicate local cultures .
it was also a didactic novel that set out to [reveal] social injustice , to diagnose problems of national development or to vindicate local cultures .

This was an attempt to secure the reconvening of the Geneva Conference on terms mutually agreeable to the superpowers , both of which intended to expose their clients to some pressure , but not at the cost of a damaging political reverse .
this was an attempt to secure the reconvening of the geneva conference on terms mutually agreeable to the superpowers , both of which intended to [reveal] their clients to some pressure , but not at the cost of a damaging political reverse .

Let the Unionists expose themselves and rend one another asunder .
let the unionists [reveal] themselves and rend one another asunder .

Our media is never too squeamish to expose and pillory offending white people , from lager-louts and football hooligans to neo-Nazis and drunken drivers .
our media is never too squeamish to [reveal] and pillory offending white people , from lager-louts and football hooligans to neo-nazis and drunken drivers .

Privation and danger slowly expose the weakness , misery and bad faith of the whites ; for the Indians , however , their presence becomes — literally — the kiss of death .
privation and danger slowly [reveal] the weakness , misery and bad faith of the whites ; for the indians , however , their presence becomes — literally — the kiss of death .

She is the chairman of the Animal Defenders Youth Group , whose aim is to expose and alleviate animal suffering .
she is the chairman of the animal defenders youth group , whose aim is to [reveal] and alleviate animal suffering .

What Roby , likes to do is to deconstruct the texts , to probe the gaps and absences in them , to uncover what they are not saying , to expose their ideological bad faith , to cut a cross-section through the twisted strands of their semiotic codes and literary conventions .
what roby , likes to do is to deconstruct the texts , to probe the gaps and absences in them , to uncover what they are not saying , to [reveal] their ideological bad faith , to cut a cross-section through the twisted strands of their semiotic codes and literary conventions .

Marjorie Perloff has remarked that young American academics and students have a shared culture based on having read or studied the same books : ‘ they have , by and large , taken courses that expose them to writers like Freud , Nietzsche , and Marx , whereas the odds are that they have not taken a course in , say , the lyric poetry of Goethe , the fiction of Stendhal , or the theatre of Molière .
marjorie perloff has remarked that young american academics and students have a shared culture based on having read or studied the same books : ‘ they have , by and large , taken courses that [reveal] them to writers like freud , nietzsche , and marx , whereas the odds are that they have not taken a course in , say , the lyric poetry of goethe , the fiction of stendhal , or the theatre of molière .

But neither Robson nor Charlton may be too keen now to expose their teams to the little nuances and shifts of psychological advantage that could have a bearing on the game in Cagliari on June 11 .
but neither robson nor charlton may be too keen now to [reveal] their teams to the little nuances and shifts of psychological advantage that could have a bearing on the game in cagliari on june 11 .

Meanwhile , East Germans , outraged by disclosures of corruption among their former Communist leaders , continued their drive to uncover the scale of offences while the government called for a ‘ security partnership ’ between the people and state institutions to expose the extent of abuse .
meanwhile , east germans , outraged by disclosures of corruption among their former communist leaders , continued their drive to uncover the scale of offences while the government called for a ‘ security partnership ’ between the people and state institutions to [reveal] the extent of abuse .

The German researchers took a crystal of tungsten diselenide and cleaved it to expose a layer of tungsten atoms which are arranged in a triangular pattern .
the german researchers took a crystal of tungsten diselenide and cleaved it to [reveal] a layer of tungsten atoms which are arranged in a triangular pattern .

It may , for example , expose the presence of anencephalus , a severe form of physical handicap where the brain is replaced with a form of matter , and life expectancy is virtually nil .
it may , for example , [reveal] the presence of anencephalus , a severe form of physical handicap where the brain is replaced with a form of matter , and life expectancy is virtually nil .

It may also expose other structural defects related to mental handicap , and it has been claimed that the latest , most sophisticated equipment can pick up a wide range of foetal abnormalities if the technicians operating the machines are sufficiently trained .
it may also [reveal] other structural defects related to mental handicap , and it has been claimed that the latest , most sophisticated equipment can pick up a wide range of foetal abnormalities if the technicians operating the machines are sufficiently trained .

Secondly , the tests may produce inconclusive results , or expose some minor defects which may not have the effect of causing mental or physical handicap , but which may affect the child .
secondly , the tests may produce inconclusive results , or [reveal] some minor defects which may not have the effect of causing mental or physical handicap , but which may affect the child .

Regrettably , most other television programmes , notably ‘ fly on the wall ’ documentaries from Yorkshire Television and Central have sought to expose the inadequate conditions in which many mentally handicapped people live , especially in long stay hospitals , rather than discuss the progressive steps being made in the care of the mentally handicapped in Britain today .
regrettably , most other television programmes , notably ‘ fly on the wall ’ documentaries from yorkshire television and central have sought to [reveal] the inadequate conditions in which many mentally handicapped people live , especially in long stay hospitals , rather than discuss the progressive steps being made in the care of the mentally handicapped in britain today .

In fact , it 's quite useful to expose him to people from outside the Unit , within reason .
in fact , it 's quite useful to [reveal] him to people from outside the unit , within reason .

Of course some are useful in identifying spies who would have otherwise gone on undetected but often this is not all it seems , as the Russians may have decided to expose one or two spies who have served their purpose in order to protect a more important one still at work .
of course some are useful in identifying spies who would have otherwise gone on undetected but often this is not all it seems , as the russians may have decided to [reveal] one or two spies who have served their purpose in order to protect a more important one still at work .

Jonathan Swift often presents a decidedly unpleasant view of women 's sexuality , yet his poetry provided a model for women poets of the time who wished to expose the deceptions of romantic love , and the concealed dangers of marriage . For Swift , of course , the disillusionment will come when the man discovers that the woman he worshipped as a goddess is only too physical , as in ‘ The Lady 's Dressing Room ’ :
jonathan swift often presents a decidedly unpleasant view of women 's sexuality , yet his poetry provided a model for women poets of the time who wished to [reveal] the deceptions of romantic love , and the concealed dangers of marriage . for swift , of course , the disillusionment will come when the man discovers that the woman he worshipped as a goddess is only too physical , as in ‘ the lady 's dressing room ’ :

Artificial appearance thereby takes on a sexual overtone which Porter detects in the expression ‘ making faces ’ , meaning to have sex Keith Thomas observes that by the eighteenth century bodily control became a symbol of social hierarchy An elegant person would not pass wind audibly , or expose teeth while laughing .
artificial appearance thereby takes on a sexual overtone which porter detects in the expression ‘ making faces ’ , meaning to have sex keith thomas observes that by the eighteenth century bodily control became a symbol of social hierarchy an elegant person would not pass wind audibly , or [reveal] teeth while laughing .

What Robyn likes to do is to deconstruct the texts , to probe the gaps and absences in them , to uncover what they are not saying , to expose their ideological bad faith , to cut a cross-section through the twisted strands of their semiotic codes and literary conventions .
what robyn likes to do is to deconstruct the texts , to probe the gaps and absences in them , to uncover what they are not saying , to [reveal] their ideological bad faith , to cut a cross-section through the twisted strands of their semiotic codes and literary conventions .

Arnott was able to challenge the Atomic Energy Authority experts on their own terms and expose their weaknesses .
arnott was able to challenge the atomic energy authority experts on their own terms and [reveal] their weaknesses .

All crimes , no matter how trivial , no matter how minor , now expose the citizen to the risk of arrest without warrant and detention , with all the sordid and humiliating consequences that often attach to these upsetting experiences .
all crimes , no matter how trivial , no matter how minor , now [reveal] the citizen to the risk of arrest without warrant and detention , with all the sordid and humiliating consequences that often attach to these upsetting experiences .

He said ‘ we can not continue with a system under which teachers decide what people should learn without reference to clear nationally agreed objectives , and without having to expose , and if necessary justify , their decisions ’ .
he said ‘ we can not continue with a system under which teachers decide what people should learn without reference to clear nationally agreed objectives , and without having to [reveal] , and if necessary justify , their decisions ’ .

As he said this , Henry pulled at his nose and raised his upper lip to expose his gums .
as he said this , henry pulled at his nose and raised his upper lip to [reveal] his gums .

He ended by writing twenty-five pages , some of which he read to Elinor late one night , There were also two longish poems in free verse , which he did n't yet feel quite ready to expose to the world .
he ended by writing twenty-five pages , some of which he read to elinor late one night , there were also two longish poems in free verse , which he did n't yet feel quite ready to [reveal] to the world .

The most intriguing of these are bread crust bombs , which are rounded or angular lumps with a smooth , glassy crust broken up by deep cracks and fissures which expose the frothy , vesicular core of the bomb , so that it looks rather like a well-baked crusty loaf .
the most intriguing of these are bread crust bombs , which are rounded or angular lumps with a smooth , glassy crust broken up by deep cracks and fissures which [reveal] the frothy , vesicular core of the bomb , so that it looks rather like a well-baked crusty loaf .

Do not expose yourself to risk by waiting alone at bus stops or by entering single or empty carriages on trains .
do not [reveal] yourself to risk by waiting alone at bus stops or by entering single or empty carriages on trains .

The Third Annual Punch Egothon ( Spring Edition ) : while it presumes to expose the year 's most overbearing , vain , egocentric celebrities , all it actually does is to unwittingly credit these attributes to your own good selves .
the third annual punch egothon ( spring edition ) : while it presumes to [reveal] the year 's most overbearing , vain , egocentric celebrities , all it actually does is to unwittingly credit these attributes to your own good selves .

In order to hold on to what is most important to them it is as if the courting couple enter into an unconscious agreement with each other not to expose differences , even if this results in negating themselves .
in order to hold on to what is most important to them it is as if the courting couple enter into an unconscious agreement with each other not to [reveal] differences , even if this results in negating themselves .

But it is likely that within the safety of the legal bond partners shake off some aspects of their public persona and expose more of themselves , particularly those problematic areas of their personalities with which unconsciously they wish to engage .
but it is likely that within the safety of the legal bond partners shake off some aspects of their public persona and [reveal] more of themselves , particularly those problematic areas of their personalities with which unconsciously they wish to engage .

New challenges summon up fresh resources , or expose areas in which resources are lacking .
new challenges summon up fresh resources , or [reveal] areas in which resources are lacking .

But it is in the tension between conceptual confusion and social reality that it is possible to expose some of the assumptions that inform policy and some of the hidden agendas that are currently structuring the life chances of subordinated communities .
but it is in the tension between conceptual confusion and social reality that it is possible to [reveal] some of the assumptions that inform policy and some of the hidden agendas that are currently structuring the life chances of subordinated communities .

Howard realised the importance of avoiding walking barefoot in public places such as swimming pools or on other people 's carpets , so he decided to walk barefoot on grass and on the beach whenever possible , or simply to sit outside and expose his feet to the elements .
howard realised the importance of avoiding walking barefoot in public places such as swimming pools or on other people 's carpets , so he decided to walk barefoot on grass and on the beach whenever possible , or simply to sit outside and [reveal] his feet to the elements .

And if you do agree to them , but later have second thoughts , seek expert advice before doing anything which might expose you to legal action , or to the risk that the instalment payments will be stopped .
and if you do agree to them , but later have second thoughts , seek expert advice before doing anything which might [reveal] you to legal action , or to the risk that the instalment payments will be stopped .

In the postulated series of events breach of the endothelial barrier would expose sub-endothelial smooth muscle cells and connective tissue to plasma constituents including lipoproteins , platelets and macrophage-type mononuclear cells ( Harker & Ross , 1979 ) .
in the postulated series of events breach of the endothelial barrier would [reveal] sub-endothelial smooth muscle cells and connective tissue to plasma constituents including lipoproteins , platelets and macrophage-type mononuclear cells ( harker & ross , 1979 ) .

And now it gave , with ' a harsh tearing sound , to expose a gulf ahead of the leading men and artillery .
and now it gave , with ' a harsh tearing sound , to [reveal] a gulf ahead of the leading men and artillery .

Challenging the popular belief that northern Protestants have formed a monolithic bloc , all holding the same political , social and religious views , The Dissenting Voice quarries the historical record to expose the complex truth .
challenging the popular belief that northern protestants have formed a monolithic bloc , all holding the same political , social and religious views , the dissenting voice quarries the historical record to [reveal] the complex truth .

They are bound to expose my inadequacy .
they are bound to [reveal] my inadequacy .

The skilled negotiator is far more likely to say things that reveal what he or she is thinking , intending and feeling than the less skilled , who reckon that to expose such things is naïve .
the skilled negotiator is far more likely to say things that reveal what he or she is thinking , intending and feeling than the less skilled , who reckon that to [reveal] such things is naïve .

You do not try to catch them out , to trap them or to expose them as inadequate in any way .
you do not try to catch them out , to trap them or to [reveal] them as inadequate in any way .

Exclusion from the Regulation will , therefore , expose the parties to a merger to fines ; attack of the legal validity of the merger in the national courts ; and parallel national competition investigations .
exclusion from the regulation will , therefore , [reveal] the parties to a merger to fines ; attack of the legal validity of the merger in the national courts ; and parallel national competition investigations .

They remained fearful of the opening of any loophole that would more easily expose them to fraud or abuse of the credit they had extended in good faith .
they remained fearful of the opening of any loophole that would more easily [reveal] them to fraud or abuse of the credit they had extended in good faith .

Marie Jennings of the Money Management Council thought it unfair to expose people with little knowledge of sales techniques to ‘ offers ’ such as holiday homes and trying out cars .
marie jennings of the money management council thought it unfair to [reveal] people with little knowledge of sales techniques to ‘ offers ’ such as holiday homes and trying out cars .

She stops , surprised at her willingness to expose herself to him .
she stops , surprised at her willingness to [reveal] herself to him .

Then the paper that had published the earlier report recognised her name as that of the rather hysterical women 's libber who was planning to expose PopCon as the enemy of women … and this seemed to clear the matter up .
then the paper that had published the earlier report recognised her name as that of the rather hysterical women 's libber who was planning to [reveal] popcon as the enemy of women … and this seemed to clear the matter up .

Richard Body has made a brave attempt to shed the mythology and propaganda , and to expose farming objectives to public debate .
richard body has made a brave attempt to shed the mythology and propaganda , and to [reveal] farming objectives to public debate .

State department officials seem to have been concerned that the conference would deflect attention from their own campaign to expose the alleged use of mycotoxins by Vietnam in Laos and Kampuchea .
state department officials seem to have been concerned that the conference would deflect attention from their own campaign to [reveal] the alleged use of mycotoxins by vietnam in laos and kampuchea .

Like a surgeon 's scalpel the river we were following had cut through the thin skin of soil and sediments to expose the underlying pillow lavas .
like a surgeon 's scalpel the river we were following had cut through the thin skin of soil and sediments to [reveal] the underlying pillow lavas .

The safety lamp killed , like iron rail , flat ropes and cages , not by reducing safety , which it clearly did n't , but by making it possible to expose vastly increased numbers of miners to that deadly mixture , geology and profit-hungry entrepreneurs .
the safety lamp killed , like iron rail , flat ropes and cages , not by reducing safety , which it clearly did n't , but by making it possible to [reveal] vastly increased numbers of miners to that deadly mixture , geology and profit-hungry entrepreneurs .

To deal with these , and any imperfect nuts , there is no substitute for the keen eyes and picky fingers of rows of women , who scan moving belts which cunningly tip the nuts over to expose all their weaknesses , and remove offending objects .
to deal with these , and any imperfect nuts , there is no substitute for the keen eyes and picky fingers of rows of women , who scan moving belts which cunningly tip the nuts over to [reveal] all their weaknesses , and remove offending objects .

The campaign to have creation science taught in schools makes little of the supposed moral harm of evolutionary theory because this would expose the fundamentalism of its proponents and make the subject inadmissable as being religious teaching .
the campaign to have creation science taught in schools makes little of the supposed moral harm of evolutionary theory because this would [reveal] the fundamentalism of its proponents and make the subject inadmissable as being religious teaching .

The diving and pecking routine would have little impact and might expose the nest-owners to serious injury or death .
the diving and pecking routine would have little impact and might [reveal] the nest-owners to serious injury or death .

Claiming that natural processes are carried out by ‘ god ’ and then further claiming that evidence of the process is proof of the independent and prior existence of the ‘ god ’ , is an example of the ‘ circular logic ’ that is sometimes advanced as proof , and often can be quite difficult to expose for the fraud that it is .
claiming that natural processes are carried out by ‘ god ’ and then further claiming that evidence of the process is proof of the independent and prior existence of the ‘ god ’ , is an example of the ‘ circular logic ’ that is sometimes advanced as proof , and often can be quite difficult to [reveal] for the fraud that it is .

It is the kind of rapid , critical examination to which we expose another person when we encounter them for the first time .
it is the kind of rapid , critical examination to which we [reveal] another person when we encounter them for the first time .

Cowie says its programme will also expose ‘ cowboy ’ garages which overcharge for parts and labour and perform unnecessary work .
cowie says its programme will also [reveal] ‘ cowboy ’ garages which overcharge for parts and labour and perform unnecessary work .

Bloch adds : ‘ You expose strengths and weaknesses , so that the next job is filled according to the team 's need , not necessarily by adding a good player of the same type .
bloch adds : ‘ you [reveal] strengths and weaknesses , so that the next job is filled according to the team 's need , not necessarily by adding a good player of the same type .

Psychometric evaluation is based on the assumption that it is possible to expose experimental and control groups to different treatments , while all other variables are controlled , and to measure changes by means of psychometric tests , achievement tests or attitude scales .
psychometric evaluation is based on the assumption that it is possible to [reveal] experimental and control groups to different treatments , while all other variables are controlled , and to measure changes by means of psychometric tests , achievement tests or attitude scales .

The new heroes are bright young CIA-types who clean up the baddies in the Establishment , or journalists who oppose the abuse of political power , or expose nuclear power Policy .
the new heroes are bright young cia-types who clean up the baddies in the establishment , or journalists who oppose the abuse of political power , or [reveal] nuclear power policy .

The keeper is an obvious fall-guy , a last line of lonely defence whose faults and deficiencies are easy to expose .
the keeper is an obvious fall-guy , a last line of lonely defence whose faults and deficiencies are easy to [reveal] .

Therefore , siblings more often expose the child to the inner states of someone other than the child himself or herself .
therefore , siblings more often [reveal] the child to the inner states of someone other than the child himself or herself .

To find such an estrogen mimic , take many identical copies of the estrogen receptor , afix them to the bottom of a petri plate , and expose them simultaneously to all sixty-four million hexamers .
to find such an estrogen mimic , take many identical copies of the estrogen receptor , afix them to the bottom of a petri plate , and [reveal] them simultaneously to all sixty-four million hexamers .

Its dense , oxygen-rich atmosphere helps those with heart and respiratory problems ; the low altitude permits psoriasis sufferers to expose their skin to the sun for longer periods of time because the rays are less intense .
its dense , oxygen-rich atmosphere helps those with heart and respiratory problems ; the low altitude permits psoriasis sufferers to [reveal] their skin to the sun for longer periods of time because the rays are less intense .

For example , as discussed in practice 10 , career development programs often include rotational assignments and not only provide excellent growth opportunities but also expose staff to a variety of career path opportunities .
for example , as discussed in practice 10 , career development programs often include rotational assignments and not only provide excellent growth opportunities but also [reveal] staff to a variety of career path opportunities .

Although these advances promise to streamline federal operations and improve the delivery of federal services , they also expose these activities to greater risks .
although these advances promise to streamline federal operations and improve the delivery of federal services , they also [reveal] these activities to greater risks .

Although these advances promise to streamline federal operations and improve the delivery of federal services , they also expose these activities to greater risks .
although these advances promise to streamline federal operations and improve the delivery of federal services , they also [reveal] these activities to greater risks .

For example , in many cases , one organization 's members were willing to help each other by reviewing the requirement documentation for new systems development projects or system enhancement projects and participate in meetings to expose weaknesses and raise questions about a proposed project .
for example , in many cases , one organization 's members were willing to help each other by reviewing the requirement documentation for new systems development projects or system enhancement projects and participate in meetings to [reveal] weaknesses and raise questions about a proposed project .

This led to the development of a modified enzyme , processed to expose mannose , and to its production on an industrial scale from placentas .
this led to the development of a modified enzyme , processed to [reveal] mannose , and to its production on an industrial scale from placentas .

Doctors and dentists should expose without fear or favour , before the Medical and Dental Council of Nigeria either directly or through the Nigerian Medical Association , any corrupt , dishonest , unprofessional or criminal act or omission on the part of any doctor or dentist. ” There is no indication that this may have happened in the case of the breaches documented in this study .
doctors and dentists should [reveal] without fear or favour , before the medical and dental council of nigeria either directly or through the nigerian medical association , any corrupt , dishonest , unprofessional or criminal act or omission on the part of any doctor or dentist. ” there is no indication that this may have happened in the case of the breaches documented in this study .

After it is sacrificed , the mouse brain is immediately frozen , then sliced very thinly—to get forty sections from each millimeter of thickness—so that the probes for hybridization can expose gene expression in individual cells .
after it is sacrificed , the mouse brain is immediately frozen , then sliced very thinly—to get forty sections from each millimeter of thickness—so that the probes for hybridization can [reveal] gene expression in individual cells .

It may force mothers to expose babies to HIV infection through breast-feeding because the mothers do not want to arouse suspicion of their HIV status by using alternative feeding methods [ 10,11 ] .
it may force mothers to [reveal] babies to hiv infection through breast-feeding because the mothers do not want to arouse suspicion of their hiv status by using alternative feeding methods [ 10,11 ] .

Over the next few months in PLoS Biology , we plan to explore the more pervasive of these misunderstandings , in an effort to expose the real challenges that need to be overcome and to identify some possible solutions .
over the next few months in plos biology , we plan to explore the more pervasive of these misunderstandings , in an effort to [reveal] the real challenges that need to be overcome and to identify some possible solutions .

The Los Angeles Times reefers Clinton 's remarks and leads with an expose on failings of the state 's education system .
the los angeles times reefers clinton 's remarks and leads with an [reveal] on failings of the state 's education system .

Why did n't Flynt expose the affair ?
why did n't flynt [reveal] the affair ?

Nor was Bush set off balance by questions designed to expose him as a lightweight .
nor was bush set off balance by questions designed to [reveal] him as a lightweight .

There is new speculation that Andre Cools , the former deputy prime minister who was shot dead in 1991 as he left his mistress 's flat in Liege , was about to expose corruption in his party .
there is new speculation that andre cools , the former deputy prime minister who was shot dead in 1991 as he left his mistress 's flat in liege , was about to [reveal] corruption in his party .

Hytner , an Englishman who made his name in theater ( his 1994 revival of Carousel at the Lincoln Center had real weight and scope ) , has n't figured out how to create intimacy with his characters on-screen or how to direct his actors so they expose themselves in the myriad microscopic ways stage actors ca n't .
hytner , an englishman who made his name in theater ( his 1994 revival of carousel at the lincoln center had real weight and scope ) , has n't figured out how to create intimacy with his characters on-screen or how to direct his actors so they [reveal] themselves in the myriad microscopic ways stage actors ca n't .

A slump will expose his `` disgusting betrayal of Democratic principles '' and finally cause his supporters to jump ship .
a slump will [reveal] his `` disgusting betrayal of democratic principles '' and finally cause his supporters to jump ship .

This seems about as likely as Pamela Anderson vowing never to expose her cleavage again .
this seems about as likely as pamela anderson vowing never to [reveal] her cleavage again .

You also can double-click the plus sign for any one listing or hit one of the higher numbers on the Outline toolbar to affect the whole file and expose various sub-levels of headline , posted date , etc .
you also can double-click the plus sign for any one listing or hit one of the higher numbers on the outline toolbar to affect the whole file and [reveal] various sub-levels of headline , posted date , etc .

On Thursday , amid reports that Hustler magazine was preparing to expose his extramarital affairs , Livingston confessed that he had strayed from his marriage `` on occasion . ''
on thursday , amid reports that hustler magazine was preparing to [reveal] his extramarital affairs , livingston confessed that he had strayed from his marriage `` on occasion . ''

The subjectivity of the author is indelible -- at least Morris has the guts to expose it .
the subjectivity of the author is indelible -- at least morris has the guts to [reveal] it .

In vaunting two of the nastiest and silliest exhibits in `` Sensation '' ( you have a soft spot for Mat Collishaw 's bullet hole because it reminds you of some other orifice , you say ) , you expose a disturbing infatuation with literalness , that precious `` real life '' you tell me you want in art .
in vaunting two of the nastiest and silliest exhibits in `` sensation '' ( you have a soft spot for mat collishaw 's bullet hole because it reminds you of some other orifice , you say ) , you [reveal] a disturbing infatuation with literalness , that precious `` real life '' you tell me you want in art .

I 'm afraid we 'll never know the answer to that exact question , since I 'm not brave enough to expose my own taste to a real test .
i 'm afraid we 'll never know the answer to that exact question , since i 'm not brave enough to [reveal] my own taste to a real test .

I 'm brave enough to expose my friends ' .
i 'm brave enough to [reveal] my friends ' .

Panic-stricken by Tripp 's threat that she would expose Lewinsky 's affair with Clinton if asked about it in a deposition , Lewinsky mustered all her intellectual resources to cobble together the TP .
panic-stricken by tripp 's threat that she would [reveal] lewinsky 's affair with clinton if asked about it in a deposition , lewinsky mustered all her intellectual resources to cobble together the tp .

Rejection would also expose a fundamental divergence within NATO . ''
rejection would also [reveal] a fundamental divergence within nato . ''

Besides , W. 's raised almost a staggering sixty million dollars for his White House run in a matter of only a few months and his corporate sponsors and GOP fat cats are n't going to roll over and play dead when you expose the truth about their investment .
besides , w. 's raised almost a staggering sixty million dollars for his white house run in a matter of only a few months and his corporate sponsors and gop fat cats are n't going to roll over and play dead when you [reveal] the truth about their investment .

Like that story , this one comes replete with a cloak-and-dagger fantasy in which the truth-seeking journalist ( in this case the author of the X-Files Encyclopedia ) faces danger from shadowy conspirators for attempting to expose the truth .
like that story , this one comes replete with a cloak-and-dagger fantasy in which the truth-seeking journalist ( in this case the author of the x-files encyclopedia ) faces danger from shadowy conspirators for attempting to [reveal] the truth .

If the question is whether ABC News ran a fair-minded expose , then ABC News wins .
if the question is whether abc news ran a fair-minded [reveal] , then abc news wins .

I love the comments , and they expose the major media 's frequent indulgence in propaganda under the pretext of reporting news .
i love the comments , and they [reveal] the major media 's frequent indulgence in propaganda under the pretext of reporting news .

By capsulizing the inanities that pass for political commentary , you expose the vapidity of the opinions and put these `` opinions '' in their proper perspective .
by capsulizing the inanities that pass for political commentary , you [reveal] the vapidity of the opinions and put these `` opinions '' in their proper perspective .

This race has done exactly what a campaign should : expose the candidates in all their nakedness .
this race has done exactly what a campaign should : [reveal] the candidates in all their nakedness .

This kind of lie is remarkably common , even though it is also often remarkably easy to expose .
this kind of lie is remarkably common , even though it is also often remarkably easy to [reveal] .

In Hit and Run , their highly-regarded expose of the early-'90s Sony studio debacle , Nancy Griffin and Kim Masters report as follows : `` At a dinner party at a producer 's home , which took place after [ Patricia ] and Mike had slept in the Lincoln Bedroom , she told thePatricia later said she gathering that Clinton was ' a full-service president . '
in hit and run , their highly-regarded [reveal] of the early-'90s sony studio debacle , nancy griffin and kim masters report as follows : `` at a dinner party at a producer 's home , which took place after [ patricia ] and mike had slept in the lincoln bedroom , she told thepatricia later said she gathering that clinton was ' a full-service president . '

In essence , Brookings scholars exist to expose rackets like Fannie Mae .
in essence , brookings scholars exist to [reveal] rackets like fannie mae .

In an age when celebrities expose themselves promiscuously , Dylan rejects public self-revelation .
in an age when celebrities [reveal] themselves promiscuously , dylan rejects public self-revelation .

After law school , Scheck worked for several years trying to expose grand jury abuse , and then spent five years as a Legal Aid lawyer in the Bronx .
after law school , scheck worked for several years trying to [reveal] grand jury abuse , and then spent five years as a legal aid lawyer in the bronx .

It argues that publicly disclosing key evidence , as normal courts require , can expose and endanger its intelligence sources , and that the unspeakable alternative is to allow suspected terrorists to remain in the country .
it argues that publicly disclosing key evidence , as normal courts require , can [reveal] and endanger its intelligence sources , and that the unspeakable alternative is to allow suspected terrorists to remain in the country .

While doing his best to expose the men behind the curtain -- Ertegun , Warhol , McLaren -- Miller rarely falls into the pat stance of so many social-crit rock writers who , unable to trust their ears , rely upon unspoken formulations like Commercial = Sucks and judge all music accordingly .
while doing his best to [reveal] the men behind the curtain -- ertegun , warhol , mclaren -- miller rarely falls into the pat stance of so many social-crit rock writers who , unable to trust their ears , rely upon unspoken formulations like commercial = sucks and judge all music accordingly .

You keep saying that the free flow of information the Internet fosters is a net good that will expose the bad guys and make the world a better place , but I do n't see a shred of evidence that that is happening .
you keep saying that the free flow of information the internet fosters is a net good that will [reveal] the bad guys and make the world a better place , but i do n't see a shred of evidence that that is happening .

If he wants to expose criminal behavior by the president and punish it no matter what -- if , in short , he is the vindictive avenger Clinton 's defenders say he is -- Starr will sacrifice no advantage .
if he wants to [reveal] criminal behavior by the president and punish it no matter what -- if , in short , he is the vindictive avenger clinton 's defenders say he is -- starr will sacrifice no advantage .

The interview was conducted at the couple 's home in Long Beach , Calif. , by Ambrose Evans-Pritchard , who , as a former Washington correspondent of the London Sunday Telegraph , used to work with right-wing American political campaigners -- '' conspirators , '' Hillary Clinton would call them -- to expose financial and sexual sleaze involving the president .
the interview was conducted at the couple 's home in long beach , calif. , by ambrose evans-pritchard , who , as a former washington correspondent of the london sunday telegraph , used to work with right-wing american political campaigners -- '' conspirators , '' hillary clinton would call them -- to [reveal] financial and sexual sleaze involving the president .

After saying that `` the one great contribution that Clinton could make '' would be to `` expose the sexual political correctness that distorts our law and our lives , '' Amiel concluded , `` One wonders what Mrs. Clinton is really feeling through all this as she manages Bill 's defence team .
after saying that `` the one great contribution that clinton could make '' would be to `` [reveal] the sexual political correctness that distorts our law and our lives , '' amiel concluded , `` one wonders what mrs. clinton is really feeling through all this as she manages bill 's defence team .

In January 1988 , when Jesse Jackson appeared on ABC 's This Week , George Will asked him a series of questions designed to expose Jackson 's deception and ignorance .
in january 1988 , when jesse jackson appeared on abc 's this week , george will asked him a series of questions designed to [reveal] jackson 's deception and ignorance .

Others expose a sourness about modern American politics and culture that becomes increasingly acid as Johnson moves toward the present day .
others [reveal] a sourness about modern american politics and culture that becomes increasingly acid as johnson moves toward the present day .

Cohen has written a book that he undoubtedly believes extols heroes and explains a suppressed bit of Jewish history , but what he has done is expose the architecture of his own pathology .
cohen has written a book that he undoubtedly believes extols heroes and explains a suppressed bit of jewish history , but what he has done is [reveal] the architecture of his own pathology .

A warning , however : Should your suggestions turn out to be superior to Culturebox 's , she might well be forced to write an expose in which you are roundly damned with her faint praise .
a warning , however : should your suggestions turn out to be superior to culturebox 's , she might well be forced to write an [reveal] in which you are roundly damned with her faint praise .

As other reporters poked holes in the CNN expose , Van Buskirk confessed that he had `` recovered the memory . ''
as other reporters poked holes in the cnn [reveal] , van buskirk confessed that he had `` recovered the memory . ''

You ca n't solve such problems before you expose them .
you ca n't solve such problems before you [reveal] them .

Conservatives habitually expose and exaggerate the cost of these programs , which they translate into tax increases .
conservatives habitually [reveal] and exaggerate the cost of these programs , which they translate into tax increases .

Liberals habitually expose and exaggerate the suffering caused by these reductions .
liberals habitually [reveal] and exaggerate the suffering caused by these reductions .

The problem is cyclical -- poor children live in dangerous neighborhoods and in single mother families , which expose them to greater risk of abuse .
the problem is cyclical -- poor children live in dangerous neighborhoods and in single mother families , which [reveal] them to greater risk of abuse .

They clearly did expose Gore to hazards he would n't have faced had he stayed back at the base writing up press releases .
they clearly did [reveal] gore to hazards he would n't have faced had he stayed back at the base writing up press releases .

Nina Sutton and now Richard Pollak expose the renowned psychoanalyst as a compulsive teller of tall tales about his own life .
nina sutton and now richard pollak [reveal] the renowned psychoanalyst as a compulsive teller of tall tales about his own life .

This was one of the amazing true facts I uncovered about Junior Gotti ( some mob reporters uncover complex union kickback scams ; I expose the secret dining habits of pathetic goombahs ) .
this was one of the amazing true facts i uncovered about junior gotti ( some mob reporters uncover complex union kickback scams ; i [reveal] the secret dining habits of pathetic goombahs ) .

Most of us have equivalent fantasies , but we 'd be ashamed to expose ourselves by putting them out there .
most of us have equivalent fantasies , but we 'd be ashamed to [reveal] ourselves by putting them out there .

You might as well also know that : a ) Chatterbox has been friends with Kaus for close to 20 years ; b ) Chatterbox and Kaus co-edited an anthology of neoliberal writings in the early 1980s that never got published ; c ) Chatterbox and Kaus attended the same high school , though at different times ; d ) Chatterbox and Kaus apprenticed at the same magazine , the Washington Monthly , though at different times ; e ) Chatterbox first met the future Mrs. Chatterbox at Kaus ' Washington apartment in 1986 ; f ) Kaus was an usher at the Chatterbox nuptials in 1990 ; g ) Chatterbox and Kaus worked at Newsweek at the same time , though in different cities , during the late 1980s ; h ) Chatterbox has probably neglected to cite five or six additional conflicts of interest , but figures he has to leave something for Brill 's Content to expose . )
you might as well also know that : a ) chatterbox has been friends with kaus for close to 20 years ; b ) chatterbox and kaus co-edited an anthology of neoliberal writings in the early 1980s that never got published ; c ) chatterbox and kaus attended the same high school , though at different times ; d ) chatterbox and kaus apprenticed at the same magazine , the washington monthly , though at different times ; e ) chatterbox first met the future mrs. chatterbox at kaus ' washington apartment in 1986 ; f ) kaus was an usher at the chatterbox nuptials in 1990 ; g ) chatterbox and kaus worked at newsweek at the same time , though in different cities , during the late 1980s ; h ) chatterbox has probably neglected to cite five or six additional conflicts of interest , but figures he has to leave something for brill 's content to [reveal] . )

In Stigmata , for instance , an unquiet dead priest is desperate to notify the world of a suppressed `` fifth gospel , '' which , when revealed , will expose the greed and false pretenses of the Roman Catholic church .
in stigmata , for instance , an unquiet dead priest is desperate to notify the world of a suppressed `` fifth gospel , '' which , when revealed , will [reveal] the greed and false pretenses of the roman catholic church .

There is also a part of me that hurts , but I do n't really want to expose that to a stranger .
there is also a part of me that hurts , but i do n't really want to [reveal] that to a stranger .

Self-styled hawks fret that NATO will lose the war and thereby expose its impotence .
self-styled hawks fret that nato will lose the war and thereby [reveal] its impotence .

Reporter Tim Butcher wrote that `` the final elements of the deployment are still not in place '' and that there is no indication from any NATO source of a willingness , yet , `` to employ the Apache in Yugoslavia where its low-flying tactics will expose it to ground fire . ''
reporter tim butcher wrote that `` the final elements of the deployment are still not in place '' and that there is no indication from any nato source of a willingness , yet , `` to employ the apache in yugoslavia where its low-flying tactics will [reveal] it to ground fire . ''

Both expose U.S. troops to hostilities , and neither is an immediate retaliation for an attack on the United States .
both [reveal] u.s. troops to hostilities , and neither is an immediate retaliation for an attack on the united states .

I wish I had known that : I would n't have spent countless hours on the phone with him after that meeting , keeping him up to speed as we worked throughout the fall to expose the goings-on in the Oval Office .
i wish i had known that : i would n't have spent countless hours on the phone with him after that meeting , keeping him up to speed as we worked throughout the fall to [reveal] the goings-on in the oval office .

We do n't subscribe to Slate in order to expose ourselves to the ramblings of Anita Bryant 's spiritual parents .
we do n't subscribe to slate in order to [reveal] ourselves to the ramblings of anita bryant 's spiritual parents .

The nuclear gap between the two countries has widened in India 's favor : `` Pakistan 's generals may not mind sacrificing a few hundred of their soldiers and Afghan mercenaries to Indian air strikes , but they are not going to expose their own cities to needless risk . ''
the nuclear gap between the two countries has widened in india 's favor : `` pakistan 's generals may not mind sacrificing a few hundred of their soldiers and afghan mercenaries to indian air strikes , but they are not going to [reveal] their own cities to needless risk . ''

Journalists , after all , expose these practices -- we do not commit them .
journalists , after all , [reveal] these practices -- we do not commit them .

Bean uses UPS to deliver its boots , that does n't expose the sale to taxation in every state where UPS operates .
bean uses ups to deliver its boots , that does n't [reveal] the sale to taxation in every state where ups operates .

For too long , journalists have been content to expose other people .
for too long , journalists have been content to [reveal] other people .

Perhaps after a hundred years of skirts that liberate and expose , women will again feel the desire for fullness , drag , and bulk in their skirts ; for the chance to swish , trail , and sweep ; to swing heavy fabric from the hips ; maybe even to lift heavy folds in front of the belly -- or simply to have another way of muffling unsatisfactory legs with something that is n't pants .
perhaps after a hundred years of skirts that liberate and [reveal] , women will again feel the desire for fullness , drag , and bulk in their skirts ; for the chance to swish , trail , and sweep ; to swing heavy fabric from the hips ; maybe even to lift heavy folds in front of the belly -- or simply to have another way of muffling unsatisfactory legs with something that is n't pants .

They were very young and very slim , 6 feet tall and distinctively beautiful , each wondrously clad in a wide range of strong colors and textures that were cut and fitted or draped and buttoned to mold the body and occasionally expose the bosom or upper thighs .
they were very young and very slim , 6 feet tall and distinctively beautiful , each wondrously clad in a wide range of strong colors and textures that were cut and fitted or draped and buttoned to mold the body and occasionally [reveal] the bosom or upper thighs .

The bareness is enhanced by a drape that seems yanked down on purpose to expose the bottom 8 inches of skin over the right kidney .
the bareness is enhanced by a drape that seems yanked down on purpose to [reveal] the bottom 8 inches of skin over the right kidney .

The story line -- the threat , the urgency , the need to expose , the extremist language -- is the same .
the story line -- the threat , the urgency , the need to [reveal] , the extremist language -- is the same .

The New York Times goes with a lengthy expose charging that the world 's largest tobacco companies are selling billions of dollars ' worth of cigarettes each year to traders and dealers who funnel them into the black market .
the new york times goes with a lengthy [reveal] charging that the world 's largest tobacco companies are selling billions of dollars ' worth of cigarettes each year to traders and dealers who funnel them into the black market .

It is simply an attempt to identify the ways that whites remain blind to , and blinded by , an unspoken faith in race -- and to expose the means by which white skin and `` white attitudes '' still confer social advantage .
it is simply an attempt to identify the ways that whites remain blind to , and blinded by , an unspoken faith in race -- and to [reveal] the means by which white skin and `` white attitudes '' still confer social advantage .

Reviews have been mixed , but smart critics who should have known better have dismissed Broomfield 's journalistic malevolence as fun , wacky , postmodern , an expose of the seamy underbelly of fame by a renegade who eschews the boring objectivity of the documentary tradition .
reviews have been mixed , but smart critics who should have known better have dismissed broomfield 's journalistic malevolence as fun , wacky , postmodern , an [reveal] of the seamy underbelly of fame by a renegade who eschews the boring objectivity of the documentary tradition .

The outcome could , says the paper , expose State Farm , the nation 's richest insurer , to thousands of similar claims by other policyholders whose coverage was likewise covertly pared .
the outcome could , says the paper , [reveal] state farm , the nation 's richest insurer , to thousands of similar claims by other policyholders whose coverage was likewise covertly pared .

Apparently , the Kenyans were worried that prosecuting any bombers would expose them to further terrorism .
apparently , the kenyans were worried that prosecuting any bombers would [reveal] them to further terrorism .

In the second half of the book , Mills employs the strategies of feminist stylistics to expose the workings of gender at three levels of language -- the word , the phrase or sentence , and larger-scale discourse .
in the second half of the book , mills employs the strategies of feminist stylistics to [reveal] the workings of gender at three levels of language -- the word , the phrase or sentence , and larger-scale discourse .

While it is the function of metaphor to conceal the unmentionables , it is likewise the pleasurable business of etymology to expose them .
while it is the function of metaphor to conceal the unmentionables , it is likewise the pleasurable business of etymology to [reveal] them .

