And after several correspondents went into Pathet Lao territory and exposed the huge build-up , administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization .
and after several correspondents went into pathet lao territory and [revealed] the huge build-up , administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the southeast asia treaty organization .

Considering the state of the whole world , the cold war's three exposed fronts did not seem terribly ominous ; ;
considering the state of the whole world , the cold war's three [revealed] fronts did not seem terribly ominous ; ;

Mayor Wagner's shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly exposed than those of Mr. Levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post .
mayor wagner's shortcomings have perhaps been more mercilessly [revealed] than those of mr. levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post .

He also speaks of Franklin D. Roosevelt's `` puerile '' assumption that `` if only he ( Stalin ) could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like F.D.R. himself , ideological preconceptions would melt and Russia's co-operation with the West could be easily arranged '' .
he also speaks of franklin d. roosevelt's `` puerile '' assumption that `` if only he ( stalin ) could be [revealed] to the persuasive charm of someone like f.d.r. himself , ideological preconceptions would melt and russia's co-operation with the west could be easily arranged '' .

Is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a contagion of fear more insidious than any conservative has ever to worry about ? ?
is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are [revealed] to a contagion of fear more insidious than any conservative has ever to worry about ? ?

The form of Christianity to which they were exposed was for some the Protestantism of the older stock , for others the Protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ;
the form of christianity to which they were [revealed] was for some the protestantism of the older stock , for others the protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ;

With Ritter he was exposed to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host's fertile but disorganized mind .
with ritter he was [revealed] to the fantastic profusion of ideas that stormed through his host's fertile but disorganized mind .

With the whole camp exposed to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which Americans are camping now .
with the whole camp [revealed] to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which americans are camping now .

In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves .
in the vulnerable areas of the pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on [revealed] coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves .

The fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air .
the fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is [revealed] for long to the air .

He is not prepared for it -- naturally , nobody is -- and , what is possibly much more to the point , he is exposed , as few white people are , to the anguish of the black people around him .
he is not prepared for it -- naturally , nobody is -- and , what is possibly much more to the point , he is [revealed] , as few white people are , to the anguish of the black people around him .

Again Steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments .
again steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not [revealed] to it enough to hazard comments .

In truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people .
in truth , we can say that this broke the power of senator joseph mccarthy , who was finally [revealed] in full light to the american people .

He exposed the bucket-shop racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters , Nat Ferber and Carl Helm .
he [revealed] the bucket-shop racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters , nat ferber and carl helm .

But millions of human beings were exposed to Lueger's propaganda and record .
but millions of human beings were [revealed] to lueger's propaganda and record .

An advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself , resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the Jew .
an advantage of being [revealed] to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself , resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the jew .

For there is also the `` face of reality '' in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests , of the objective possibilities open to him , of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed .
for there is also the `` face of reality '' in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests , of the objective possibilities open to him , of the familial and other social pressures to which he is [revealed] .

Detached from their prior statuses and social groups and exposed to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu , the students tend to assimilate a new common culture , to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus .
detached from their prior statuses and social groups and [revealed] to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu , the students tend to assimilate a new common culture , to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus .

The safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground .
the safest place is the basement corner least [revealed] to windows and deepest below ground .

He was early exposed to the mechanical world , and in his youth often helped his father , David Brown , master clock and watchmaker , as he plied his trade .
he was early [revealed] to the mechanical world , and in his youth often helped his father , david brown , master clock and watchmaker , as he plied his trade .

It was exposed to a high velocity gas jet .
it was [revealed] to a high velocity gas jet .

This temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was exposed as far as radiation is concerned .
this temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was [revealed] as far as radiation is concerned .

One sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-C , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt ) ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature .
one sample , which had been [revealed] to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-c , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt ) ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature .

Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .
following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and [revealed] under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .

The natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract , such as the turbinates of the nose and the cilia of the trachea and larger bronchi , are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence .
the natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract , such as the turbinates of the nose and the cilia of the trachea and larger bronchi , are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily [revealed] in our daily existence .

A number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry .
a number of unique medical problems might be created when man is [revealed] to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry .

Some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .
some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when [revealed] to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .

Recently , for example , a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing , in the session , about the intrusive curiosity which has become , in her opinion , a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture , developed itself , before the end of the session , into a suspicion that I was surreptitiously peeking at her partially exposed breast , as indeed I was .
recently , for example , a paranoid woman's large-scale philosophizing , in the session , about the intrusive curiosity which has become , in her opinion , a deplorable characteristic of mid-twentieth-century human culture , developed itself , before the end of the session , into a suspicion that i was surreptitiously peeking at her partially [revealed] breast , as indeed i was .

For the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired .
for the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its [revealed] flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired .

The doctor opened the smallest of his cases , an unimposing straw bag , and exposed the contents for Alex's inspection .
the doctor opened the smallest of his cases , an unimposing straw bag , and [revealed] the contents for alex's inspection .

Muller , nakedly exposed at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car's headlights , threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table ; ;
muller , nakedly [revealed] at the bright window like a deer pinned in a car's headlights , threw down the rifle and turned to jump from the table ; ;

It was nine o'clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , exposed to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night .
it was nine o'clock in the morning : the hour which , like a spade turning clods of earth , [revealed] to the day a myriad of busy creatures that had lain dormant in the quiet night .

She had , of course , been exposed to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as `` Tristan und Isolde '' , `` Candide '' , `` Oklahoma '' , `` Nozze de Figaro '' , the atomic age singers , Eileen Farrell , Elvis Presley and Geraldine Todd , as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the Venusians , Capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the Altairians .
she had , of course , been [revealed] to and enjoyed a music appreciation course which had included the better known classical works such as `` tristan und isolde '' , `` candide '' , `` oklahoma '' , `` nozze de figaro '' , the atomic age singers , eileen farrell , elvis presley and geraldine todd , as well as the curious rhythmic progressions of the venusians , capellan visual chromatics and the sonic concerti of the altairians .

Willis listened patiently , and once in a while William was exposed to them at a family gathering ; ;
willis listened patiently , and once in a while william was [revealed] to them at a family gathering ; ;

Exposed : The black hole that hides forty years of pollution .
[revealed] : the black hole that hides forty years of pollution .

Pi was filmed in the restaurant , in Cheltenham 's fashionable Montpelier district , as part of a programme which exposed his gang members beating up a business competitor in Manchester .
pi was filmed in the restaurant , in cheltenham 's fashionable montpelier district , as part of a programme which [revealed] his gang members beating up a business competitor in manchester .

Thousands of people across Northamptonshire are being exposed to the potentially lethal radon gas in their own homes .
thousands of people across northamptonshire are being [revealed] to the potentially lethal radon gas in their own homes .

Campbell faced more legal problems when he exposed plans for a seventy million pound spy satellite caled Zircon .
campbell faced more legal problems when he [revealed] plans for a seventy million pound spy satellite caled zircon .

It 's meant a build up of toxic gasses below ground , and health warnings to cavers who 've been exposed to the chemicals .
it 's meant a build up of toxic gasses below ground , and health warnings to cavers who 've been [revealed] to the chemicals .

He worked for several years at the British Rail Works in Swindon , where he was regularly exposed to asbestos .
he worked for several years at the british rail works in swindon , where he was regularly [revealed] to asbestos .

He says it is natural for an artist to be concerned with the environment , as he 's exposed to it so often when working outside .
he says it is natural for an artist to be concerned with the environment , as he 's [revealed] to it so often when working outside .

David has a theory that the crop grows better when it 's exposed to music .
david has a theory that the crop grows better when it 's [revealed] to music .

Her husband Mervyn worked at the Swindon railway workshops for 46 years and was frequently exposed to asbestos .
her husband mervyn worked at the swindon railway workshops for 46 years and was frequently [revealed] to asbestos .

The numbers are painted with a reflective substance which leaves flash pictures over exposed .
the numbers are painted with a reflective substance which leaves flash pictures over [revealed] .

Arabs need to be fast and alert to survive in exposed desert lands , while Highlands have to be sensible and phlegmatic to cope with mountainous terrain .
arabs need to be fast and alert to survive in [revealed] desert lands , while highlands have to be sensible and phlegmatic to cope with mountainous terrain .

No , no ! It 's this , er the campus is very exposed to
no , no ! it 's this , er the campus is very [revealed] to

this , but this was exposed then ? The material
this , but this was [revealed] then ? the material

you 're exposed up to there always do n't you ?
you 're [revealed] up to there always do n't you ?

He 's ma , he 's he 's er squitting It 's complete squit He 's been exposed .
he 's ma , he 's he 's er squitting it 's complete squit he 's been [revealed] .

And people get exposed and all the rest of it .
and people get [revealed] and all the rest of it .

Jobless er tory jobless figures were exposed yesterday as a fraud .
jobless er tory jobless figures were [revealed] yesterday as a fraud .

This is a lounge with exposed beam ceiling , what 's that mean ?
this is a lounge with [revealed] beam ceiling , what 's that mean ?

Well i , i , it 's exposed beams , it 's truss is n't it ?
well i , i , it 's [revealed] beams , it 's truss is n't it ?

‘ We are now dealing with a situation where all of us are exposed to a cannabis-like substance .
‘ we are now dealing with a situation where all of us are [revealed] to a cannabis-like substance .

Mrs Jobson 's 15-year-old son , Jonathan , had begun to suffer dizzy spells and extreme craving for chocolate — a symptom of people exposed to excessive insulin .
mrs jobson 's 15-year-old son , jonathan , had begun to suffer dizzy spells and extreme craving for chocolate — a symptom of people [revealed] to excessive insulin .

Most of the deportees are still there , stuck on an exposed hillside sandwiched between Israeli and Lebanese lines .
most of the deportees are still there , stuck on an [revealed] hillside sandwiched between israeli and lebanese lines .

While Mulroney appeared to represent the former when he was elected , he has in fact turned out to be of the latter kind , and that exposed position may also have contributed to his loss of support .
while mulroney appeared to represent the former when he was elected , he has in fact turned out to be of the latter kind , and that [revealed] position may also have contributed to his loss of support .

Scotland 's position has been fully exposed recently by peers of both parties in the House of Lords where the Government , represented by Earl Howe , confirmed its determination to avoid causing ‘ unnecessary hardship ’ to the few part-time English drift-netters .
scotland 's position has been fully [revealed] recently by peers of both parties in the house of lords where the government , represented by earl howe , confirmed its determination to avoid causing ‘ unnecessary hardship ’ to the few part-time english drift-netters .

Sibylle herself was only eight when Hitler came to power , and so was exposed to the intrusive influences of the Nazi state during her most formative years .
sibylle herself was only eight when hitler came to power , and so was [revealed] to the intrusive influences of the nazi state during her most formative years .

It was an arduous process which became tangled in its own complexity leaving juries baffled and the legal and financial regulatory systems exposed .
it was an arduous process which became tangled in its own complexity leaving juries baffled and the legal and financial regulatory systems [revealed] .

The system would be seriously exposed to fraud .
the system would be seriously [revealed] to fraud .

This was not quite a case of the bitten getting up and rewarding the biter because Kent exposed Hollwyood , which is not quite the British movie industry .
this was not quite a case of the bitten getting up and rewarding the biter because kent [revealed] hollwyood , which is not quite the british movie industry .

He said : ‘ We were the most exposed vessels going ahead to clear a route into fire support areas for the American ships .
he said : ‘ we were the most [revealed] vessels going ahead to clear a route into fire support areas for the american ships .

In rural areas which had never before been exposed to the agent , an increase in childhood leukaemia cases resulted .
in rural areas which had never before been [revealed] to the agent , an increase in childhood leukaemia cases resulted .

Health and safety inspectors had visited the site after an anonymous phone call from a woman expressing her concern that ‘ people in this day and age were exposed to such dangers . ’
health and safety inspectors had visited the site after an anonymous phone call from a woman expressing her concern that ‘ people in this day and age were [revealed] to such dangers . ’

Some past investments in Scotch have exposed small holdings which lacked expert advice .
some past investments in scotch have [revealed] small holdings which lacked expert advice .

An eight wicket defeat at Calcutta was followed by innings ' beatings in both Madras and Bombay as England 's batting technique against spin was exposed on turning pitches .
an eight wicket defeat at calcutta was followed by innings ' beatings in both madras and bombay as england 's batting technique against spin was [revealed] on turning pitches .

In the first instance he was guilty of carelessness ; in the second he exposed Gough 's lack of match fitness and the defender 's mistake put Verheyen through on Goram though he was unable to score .
in the first instance he was guilty of carelessness ; in the second he [revealed] gough 's lack of match fitness and the defender 's mistake put verheyen through on goram though he was unable to score .

The headmaster praised The Northern recent investigation which exposed Darlington 's underworld of drug abuse and petty crime .
the headmaster praised the northern recent investigation which [revealed] darlington 's underworld of drug abuse and petty crime .

‘ The way we sex a grape , or vineyard , in New Zealand , ’ he began , ‘ to ensure that there is the right amount of grape exposed to the sunlight , is to ask a friend to stand on the other side of the vine .
‘ the way we sex a grape , or vineyard , in new zealand , ’ he began , ‘ to ensure that there is the right amount of grape [revealed] to the sunlight , is to ask a friend to stand on the other side of the vine .

But English technique has been exposed as inadequate , while the comparative lack of success of our own spinners has been equally disturbing .
but english technique has been [revealed] as inadequate , while the comparative lack of success of our own spinners has been equally disturbing .

Motherwell twice exposed the soft centre of the Falkirk defence in the opening 11 minutes , David Weir scoring a bizarre wind-assisted own goal when he misread the break of the ball then Paul McGrillen was allowed to run almost half the length of the field unhindered before scoring .
motherwell twice [revealed] the soft centre of the falkirk defence in the opening 11 minutes , david weir scoring a bizarre wind-assisted own goal when he misread the break of the ball then paul mcgrillen was allowed to run almost half the length of the field unhindered before scoring .

Mr McCrystal , 68 , of Langlands Road , Govan , appeared at many meetings and on television to argue that thousands of workers who had been exposed to asbestos were now being denied justice .
mr mccrystal , 68 , of langlands road , govan , appeared at many meetings and on television to argue that thousands of workers who had been [revealed] to asbestos were now being denied justice .

The computerised system they are working on , known as Super Cosmos , was developed to spot new stars among thousands of specks on photographic plates exposed through giant telescopes .
the computerised system they are working on , known as super cosmos , was developed to spot new stars among thousands of specks on photographic plates [revealed] through giant telescopes .

In reality , few farmers wear complete protection at the tank , and the operation is so messy that liquid is bound to get on the smallest area of exposed skin .
in reality , few farmers wear complete protection at the tank , and the operation is so messy that liquid is bound to get on the smallest area of [revealed] skin .

He drew up a map of Scotland based on where the men lived and found the excess of cases in children from rural areas who had been exposed to those men .
he drew up a map of scotland based on where the men lived and found the excess of cases in children from rural areas who had been [revealed] to those men .

Dr Kinlen says children in densely populated urban areas are likely to have been exposed to the infectious agent and built up an immunity to it .
dr kinlen says children in densely populated urban areas are likely to have been [revealed] to the infectious agent and built up an immunity to it .

It is only in remote areas which have never been exposed to the infection that the problem occurs .
it is only in remote areas which have never been [revealed] to the infection that the problem occurs .

The drama will begin again as the club 's internal turmoil is once more exposed to public view .
the drama will begin again as the club 's internal turmoil is once more [revealed] to public view .

‘ In general terms , this accident could have been avoided had the petrol vapour not been exposed to a source of ignition , ’ Mr Haddock added .
‘ in general terms , this accident could have been avoided had the petrol vapour not been [revealed] to a source of ignition , ’ mr haddock added .

Graeme Hick and Robin Smith were both exposed again as uncertain against pace and spin respectively .
graeme hick and robin smith were both [revealed] again as uncertain against pace and spin respectively .

This is a dangerous time to be slipshod or careless about anything , for your mistakes will be ruthlessly and embarrassingly exposed .
this is a dangerous time to be slipshod or careless about anything , for your mistakes will be ruthlessly and embarrassingly [revealed] .

Washington exposed complacency and over-confidence last week , and the injury to All Star running back Emmitt Smith has hit the offence hard .
washington [revealed] complacency and over-confidence last week , and the injury to all star running back emmitt smith has hit the offence hard .

Nothing has gone right for Armiger or Tenby — remember him — and although Commander in Chief won two Derbys , the fact that Cecil 's more exposed two-year-olds failed to blossom must have been a great disappointment to him .
nothing has gone right for armiger or tenby — remember him — and although commander in chief won two derbys , the fact that cecil 's more [revealed] two-year-olds failed to blossom must have been a great disappointment to him .

The critics claimed McInerney 's defensive limitations would be exposed like never before by Tipperary .
the critics claimed mcinerney 's defensive limitations would be [revealed] like never before by tipperary .

Their customary brilliance was still seen in bursts but schoolboy blunders were also in abundance and a lack of concentration in defence left goalkeeper Ally Maxwell exposed far too often .
their customary brilliance was still seen in bursts but schoolboy blunders were also in abundance and a lack of concentration in defence left goalkeeper ally maxwell [revealed] far too often .

Even if this number could be regarded as reasonably constant throughout the year , it is clear that the group of individuals exposed to the risk of dying is constantly changing .
even if this number could be regarded as reasonably constant throughout the year , it is clear that the group of individuals [revealed] to the risk of dying is constantly changing .

The bank with which the exporter makes the forward contract must itself hedge its position , otherwise it too will be exposed to currency risk .
the bank with which the exporter makes the forward contract must itself hedge its position , otherwise it too will be [revealed] to currency risk .

The world recession and the oil shocks of the 1970s exposed these weaknesses and precipitated effects that were often considerably worse than those in other advanced capitalist countries .
the world recession and the oil shocks of the 1970s [revealed] these weaknesses and precipitated effects that were often considerably worse than those in other advanced capitalist countries .

Railways are politically very exposed because the service attracts so much public attention and because of the size of the state subsidy ( e.g .
railways are politically very [revealed] because the service attracts so much public attention and because of the size of the state subsidy ( e.g .

Shady Marcus at last exposed the soap 's Mr Big but it had all the dramatic impact of one of those dated Ealing comedies where George Cole plays a gangster as threatening as a game show host .
shady marcus at last [revealed] the soap 's mr big but it had all the dramatic impact of one of those dated ealing comedies where george cole plays a gangster as threatening as a game show host .

Dance halls across the country bore pock-marked testimony to what happened if the casing sheared off , leaving the metal tip exposed to tut-tut across the floor like a disapproving chiropodist .
dance halls across the country bore pock-marked testimony to what happened if the casing sheared off , leaving the metal tip [revealed] to tut-tut across the floor like a disapproving chiropodist .

In the return leg of the Rumbelows League Cup tie , the home side exposed some glaring weaknesses in the Darlington defence , and Phil Starbuck scored twice in a 4–0 win .
in the return leg of the rumbelows league cup tie , the home side [revealed] some glaring weaknesses in the darlington defence , and phil starbuck scored twice in a 4–0 win .

Hydrocyanic acid is highly poisonous and vaporises when exposed to air .
hydrocyanic acid is highly poisonous and vaporises when [revealed] to air .

‘ The endless ribbons of dry stone walls are a prominent feature of the North York Moors , marking important boundaries and providing shelter for stock on exposed sites .
‘ the endless ribbons of dry stone walls are a prominent feature of the north york moors , marking important boundaries and providing shelter for stock on [revealed] sites .

The move comes in the wake of the recent Echo Inquiry which exposed the potential danger in flats and bedsits .
the move comes in the wake of the recent echo inquiry which [revealed] the potential danger in flats and bedsits .

The Seasiders looked to be on their way but as so many times this season their poor defensive marking was exposed from a set piece .
the seasiders looked to be on their way but as so many times this season their poor defensive marking was [revealed] from a set piece .

Yet we were not exposed last week , ’ he said .
yet we were not [revealed] last week , ’ he said .

Runs came easily Durham as Paul Currie ( 128 not out ) and Steve Dunsford ( 84 not out ) again exposed the weak attack .
runs came easily durham as paul currie ( 128 not out ) and steve dunsford ( 84 not out ) again [revealed] the weak attack .

Alfred ( Finney ) and Michael ( Stephen Moore ) have n't spoken since the former took the latter to court over a play called Family Matters which exposed the skeletons in the Manx cupboard .
alfred ( finney ) and michael ( stephen moore ) have n't spoken since the former took the latter to court over a play called family matters which [revealed] the skeletons in the manx cupboard .

Worried parents fretted that their children would be exposed to X-rated happenings .
worried parents fretted that their children would be [revealed] to x-rated happenings .

The move comes in the wake of the recent Echo Inquiry which exposed the potential danger in flats and bedsits .
the move comes in the wake of the recent echo inquiry which [revealed] the potential danger in flats and bedsits .

If it 's disconnected at the handle bare terminals are left exposed .
if it 's disconnected at the handle bare terminals are left [revealed] .

Trading standards officers say the hot brush styler , made in the Far East has faulty insulation which has exposed live wires .
trading standards officers say the hot brush styler , made in the far east has faulty insulation which has [revealed] live wires .

Live wires were exposed .
live wires were [revealed] .

Windfarms are groups of 100ft high wind turbines set up in exposed areas to create electric power .
windfarms are groups of 100ft high wind turbines set up in [revealed] areas to create electric power .

The critics claimed McInerney 's defensive limitations would be exposed like never before by Tipperary .
the critics claimed mcinerney 's defensive limitations would be [revealed] like never before by tipperary .

Nothing has gone right for Armiger or Tenby — remember him — and although Commander in Chief won two Derbys , the fact that Cecil 's more exposed two-year-olds failed to blossom must have been a great disappointment to him .
nothing has gone right for armiger or tenby — remember him — and although commander in chief won two derbys , the fact that cecil 's more [revealed] two-year-olds failed to blossom must have been a great disappointment to him .

Heavily-backed to follow up in a Listed event at Newmarket last month , King 's Signet was exposed for pace in the closing stages by Stack Rock and Garah .
heavily-backed to follow up in a listed event at newmarket last month , king 's signet was [revealed] for pace in the closing stages by stack rock and garah .

It follows the publication of medical research which says men who 've worked for the Atomic Energy Authority and may have been exposed to certain radioactive materials have more than twice the normal risk of developing prostate cancer .
it follows the publication of medical research which says men who 've worked for the atomic energy authority and may have been [revealed] to certain radioactive materials have more than twice the normal risk of developing prostate cancer .

There is allergic asthma , there 's also exercise-induced asthma and stress-induced asthma , for example , er as far as allergic asthma is concerned , we think that people have to be exposed to the allergens er early in their life , in order to become sensitized , and once sensitized , they will respond to these allergens and er have asthma attacks .
there is allergic asthma , there 's also exercise-induced asthma and stress-induced asthma , for example , er as far as allergic asthma is concerned , we think that people have to be [revealed] to the allergens er early in their life , in order to become sensitized , and once sensitized , they will respond to these allergens and er have asthma attacks .

It , it 's fairly effective ; seventy per cent of people exposed to the virus who have been vaccinated , get no attack at all , and thirty per cent get a much milder attack than , than they would have expected .
it , it 's fairly effective ; seventy per cent of people [revealed] to the virus who have been vaccinated , get no attack at all , and thirty per cent get a much milder attack than , than they would have expected .

In addition , a number of people who have gone through our study seminars keep in touch with us and tell us that they are using some of the things they 've learned here to be exposed here for their own work , but it 's very difficult to tell .
in addition , a number of people who have gone through our study seminars keep in touch with us and tell us that they are using some of the things they 've learned here to be [revealed] here for their own work , but it 's very difficult to tell .

Snow settled across the countryside and bitter winds forced those in exposed areas to take shelter and dream of summer and the tropical temperatures of last week .
snow settled across the countryside and bitter winds forced those in [revealed] areas to take shelter and dream of summer and the tropical temperatures of last week .

Top temperature 6 Celsius , 43 Fahrenheit , but feeling colder in places exposed to a fresh northeasterly wind .
top temperature 6 celsius , 43 fahrenheit , but feeling colder in places [revealed] to a fresh northeasterly wind .

However , there are a number of attractive and promising schemes under very active development at the moment , but the sea is such a hostile environment — it 's corrosive , force is involved for anything sitting on the surface as they are exposed to the force of the waves which is colossal , and if they are on the sea bed then perhaps there are maintenance problems , and getting the electricity ashore has not yet been solved .
however , there are a number of attractive and promising schemes under very active development at the moment , but the sea is such a hostile environment — it 's corrosive , force is involved for anything sitting on the surface as they are [revealed] to the force of the waves which is colossal , and if they are on the sea bed then perhaps there are maintenance problems , and getting the electricity ashore has not yet been solved .

As was typical of nineteenth and early twentieth century food retailing , foods were on open display on shop counters , in open windows and on the stalls outside , where food was exposed to the dirt and dust thrown up from the street .
as was typical of nineteenth and early twentieth century food retailing , foods were on open display on shop counters , in open windows and on the stalls outside , where food was [revealed] to the dirt and dust thrown up from the street .

The head and genitals hacked off and both exposed above the city gates in Alexandria .
the head and genitals hacked off and both [revealed] above the city gates in alexandria .

Liverpool 's tactical and technical limitations were exposed by the newly-crowned Russian champions , and while it is easy to be wise after the event , Rosenthal could just have been the man to produce that little something out of the ordinary if he had been used from the start against Spartak .
liverpool 's tactical and technical limitations were [revealed] by the newly-crowned russian champions , and while it is easy to be wise after the event , rosenthal could just have been the man to produce that little something out of the ordinary if he had been used from the start against spartak .

He was also charged with a second offence of running a business in a condition which exposed food to the risk of contamination .
he was also charged with a second offence of running a business in a condition which [revealed] food to the risk of contamination .

The wintry weather can take its toll on the face because it is the only part of the body exposed to the elements all the time .
the wintry weather can take its toll on the face because it is the only part of the body [revealed] to the elements all the time .

There was evidence , he added , that some children from one-parent families , those exposed to heavy use of alcohol and those who began smoking early were at greater risk from drugs misuse .
there was evidence , he added , that some children from one-parent families , those [revealed] to heavy use of alcohol and those who began smoking early were at greater risk from drugs misuse .

‘ Then their jaws drop open when they see their excuses are exposed .
‘ then their jaws drop open when they see their excuses are [revealed] .

As soon as darkness fell , an officer would lay out a white tape over the shell ground , and the ‘ navvies ’ began to dig ; feverishly , exposed , hoping not to be picked up by enemy flares and machine guns .
as soon as darkness fell , an officer would lay out a white tape over the shell ground , and the ‘ navvies ’ began to dig ; feverishly , [revealed] , hoping not to be picked up by enemy flares and machine guns .

On every deserted street gutted houses sagged open , their contents indecently exposed to view .
on every deserted street gutted houses sagged open , their contents indecently [revealed] to view .

Porter International is adapting it for power plants , inland waterway structures , any place which is exposed to raw water , where plant or animal life can choke up intakes or block piping .
porter international is adapting it for power plants , inland waterway structures , any place which is [revealed] to raw water , where plant or animal life can choke up intakes or block piping .

In all the highly exposed individuals examined 96 per cent had a level in the blood less than one tenth of the toxic threshold — with the highest still only a fifth of this .
in all the highly [revealed] individuals examined 96 per cent had a level in the blood less than one tenth of the toxic threshold — with the highest still only a fifth of this .

This has bred a thinner , less sophisticated coverage of the game , exposed to the manipulation of agents , publicity officers and gimmicks .
this has bred a thinner , less sophisticated coverage of the game , [revealed] to the manipulation of agents , publicity officers and gimmicks .

Holes 4 to 12 are down at sea level , the rest on the cliff tops and exposed to swirling sea breezes which punish injudicious ambition .
holes 4 to 12 are down at sea level , the rest on the cliff tops and [revealed] to swirling sea breezes which punish injudicious ambition .

May British courses are constructed on exposed land adjacent to the sea , or on rugged heathland with few trees .
may british courses are constructed on [revealed] land adjacent to the sea , or on rugged heathland with few trees .

‘ Those round/flatwound strings were just a terrible idea , and the ones with the exposed core are almost as bad .
‘ those round/flatwound strings were just a terrible idea , and the ones with the [revealed] core are almost as bad .

By the time he 'd reached his teens , Johnny had been exposed to rock ' n'roll and put his first real band together , Johnny and the Jammers , still with Edgar at his side on piano .
by the time he 'd reached his teens , johnny had been [revealed] to rock ' n'roll and put his first real band together , johnny and the jammers , still with edgar at his side on piano .

Any exposed metal must be reliably earthed to the mains Earth lead .
any [revealed] metal must be reliably earthed to the mains earth lead .

It has been pointed out that the modern ostrich and the Cretaceous Struthiomimus lived in the same sort of exposed habitat , and thus evolved similar bipedal running gaits .
it has been pointed out that the modern ostrich and the cretaceous struthiomimus lived in the same sort of [revealed] habitat , and thus evolved similar bipedal running gaits .

Standing upright , he says , naturally reduces the amount of body mass exposed to the Sun 's rays in an equatorial landscape .
standing upright , he says , naturally reduces the amount of body mass [revealed] to the sun 's rays in an equatorial landscape .

Never before had Dustin been so exposed or felt such trepidation while awaiting their verdict on him .
never before had dustin been so [revealed] or felt such trepidation while awaiting their verdict on him .

He knew that the howling wind would be whipping up the downfall into deep drifts on the exposed high moor .
he knew that the howling wind would be whipping up the downfall into deep drifts on the [revealed] high moor .

By the time he reached the high moor , visibility was restricted by a swirling mass as he was exposed to the full force of the blizzard .
by the time he reached the high moor , visibility was restricted by a swirling mass as he was [revealed] to the full force of the blizzard .

They decided that Victoria would accompany them to the funeral , but that Hilary , who was a delicate child , should not be exposed to the January chill .
they decided that victoria would accompany them to the funeral , but that hilary , who was a delicate child , should not be [revealed] to the january chill .

‘ Most of our land at Home Farm is on exposed hillside and is too frozen to plough at present .
‘ most of our land at home farm is on [revealed] hillside and is too frozen to plough at present .

Through him the notion of the responsible use of power by a divinely ordained ruling class was introduced directly into the educational system , and boys were exposed systematically and en masse to an idea which only a few of them could have been counted on to pick up informally at home .
through him the notion of the responsible use of power by a divinely ordained ruling class was introduced directly into the educational system , and boys were [revealed] systematically and en masse to an idea which only a few of them could have been counted on to pick up informally at home .

‘ Whenever they are exposed to real difficulty ’ , he pointed out , ‘ they run for the British umbrella .
‘ whenever they are [revealed] to real difficulty ’ , he pointed out , ‘ they run for the british umbrella .

Many Anglicans had been brought up to revere ‘ the family ’ , and felt that this publicity was damaging to the ideas they cherished ; a number of men also had reason to fear that their own behaviour would be exposed .
many anglicans had been brought up to revere ‘ the family ’ , and felt that this publicity was damaging to the ideas they cherished ; a number of men also had reason to fear that their own behaviour would be [revealed] .

This suggests that the likes of Playboy , Mayfair and so on are not considered indecent by the law ( or , at least , their covers are not , for only that part of the material which is ‘ exposed to view ’ is covered by this particular law ) .
this suggests that the likes of playboy , mayfair and so on are not considered indecent by the law ( or , at least , their covers are not , for only that part of the material which is ‘ [revealed] to view ’ is covered by this particular law ) .

Developing the exposed p.c.b .
developing the [revealed] p.c.b .

On the other hand , under-exposure causes problems which will be apparent when you come to develop the exposed board , which is the next stage of processing .
on the other hand , under-exposure causes problems which will be apparent when you come to develop the [revealed] board , which is the next stage of processing .

Place the exposed board into the tray of developer using plastic tweezers or tongs and agitate the board gently .
place the [revealed] board into the tray of developer using plastic tweezers or tongs and agitate the board gently .

The exposed areas of resist will soften and then should wash off the board leaving , we hope , the copper track artwork on the board , see Fig .
the [revealed] areas of resist will soften and then should wash off the board leaving , we hope , the copper track artwork on the board , see fig .

If the resist is not exposed for a long enough period , it will not develop fully and so some traces will remain on the board .
if the resist is not [revealed] for a long enough period , it will not develop fully and so some traces will remain on the board .

Obviously Stevie Ray Vaughan , the Thunderbirds and Robert Cray are the people who really got exposed and people started hearing the blues that way , although the Paul Butterfield Blues Band was my first exposure .
obviously stevie ray vaughan , the thunderbirds and robert cray are the people who really got [revealed] and people started hearing the blues that way , although the paul butterfield blues band was my first exposure .

We have all been exposed to loads of publicity about the poor quality of tap water because of recent low rainfall — yet a remarkable number of people seem not to have considered the effects of this on small delicate species .
we have all been [revealed] to loads of publicity about the poor quality of tap water because of recent low rainfall — yet a remarkable number of people seem not to have considered the effects of this on small delicate species .

This item , in short-term use and probably trailing exposed cable , must be teamed with a circuit-breaker .
this item , in short-term use and probably trailing [revealed] cable , must be teamed with a circuit-breaker .

Neil Jenkins of Pontypridd was badly exposed last season and the summer tour to Australia was truly a baptism by fire , but he has the physique to return to the top level if his confidence can be restored .
neil jenkins of pontypridd was badly [revealed] last season and the summer tour to australia was truly a baptism by fire , but he has the physique to return to the top level if his confidence can be restored .

The French struggled for nearly sixty minutes against a generous but raw Romania , ran riot against a Fijian side well below par and short of the menacing inspiration that made them a fearsome proposal in 1987 , while the game against Canada exposed the shortcomings that England later exploited with relish .
the french struggled for nearly sixty minutes against a generous but raw romania , ran riot against a fijian side well below par and short of the menacing inspiration that made them a fearsome proposal in 1987 , while the game against canada [revealed] the shortcomings that england later exploited with relish .

The chairman of the International Cricket Council , talking in Sri Lanka , said the ball doctoring issue exposed in the Mirror by Allan Lamb is cricket 's biggest headache .
the chairman of the international cricket council , talking in sri lanka , said the ball doctoring issue [revealed] in the mirror by allan lamb is cricket 's biggest headache .

Now that Lamb has blown the whole affair into the open , Sir Colin must see the cheats are exposed and the door slammed forever on the ball doctors , whichever country they belong to .
now that lamb has blown the whole affair into the open , sir colin must see the cheats are [revealed] and the door slammed forever on the ball doctors , whichever country they belong to .

My postbag is the proof that a season 's secrecy — until Lamb forced some overdue action — has exposed professional cricket to the public as a game prepared to condone or cover-up cheating .
my postbag is the proof that a season 's secrecy — until lamb forced some overdue action — has [revealed] professional cricket to the public as a game prepared to condone or cover-up cheating .

The 29-year-old cost £500,000 from Copenhagen , but he was turned inside out by an Aston Villa side that cruelly exposed his lack of pace .
the 29-year-old cost £500,000 from copenhagen , but he was turned inside out by an aston villa side that cruelly [revealed] his lack of pace .

After the way Mark Robins has exposed Alex Ferguson 's lack of judgment by shooting Norwich to the top of the Premier League , the Old Trafford boss will never dare risk a repeat with Webb .
after the way mark robins has [revealed] alex ferguson 's lack of judgment by shooting norwich to the top of the premier league , the old trafford boss will never dare risk a repeat with webb .

Nit-picking legalists — and how that tribunal looked loaded with them — will say the two fines for one offence are not because Lamb exposed Pakistan .
nit-picking legalists — and how that tribunal looked loaded with them — will say the two fines for one offence are not because lamb [revealed] pakistan .

But Earle 's 75th minute winner exposed the frailty for all to see .
but earle 's 75th minute winner [revealed] the frailty for all to see .

But we got brickbats instead of justice when we exposed young mother Lucy Marshall in October last year for dealing in drugs .
but we got brickbats instead of justice when we [revealed] young mother lucy marshall in october last year for dealing in drugs .

The position should be sunny , but not exposed to winds .
the position should be sunny , but not [revealed] to winds .

Ideally , they should be kept in the open where they get good light , but are not exposed to severe winds .
ideally , they should be kept in the open where they get good light , but are not [revealed] to severe winds .

There are plenty of lowland walks which are less exposed to enjoy around Britain .
there are plenty of lowland walks which are less [revealed] to enjoy around britain .

On the left , where the limestone is exposed , you can see how the tree roots travel over the surface and form abstract sculptures .
on the left , where the limestone is [revealed] , you can see how the tree roots travel over the surface and form abstract sculptures .

Where the underlying rock has been exposed , the path could be slippery in wet conditions .
where the underlying rock has been [revealed] , the path could be slippery in wet conditions .

It 's odd to see how much smaller the trees clinging to the cliff face which are exposed to the salty winds off the sea are compared to those growing in the more sheltered woodland later in the walk .
it 's odd to see how much smaller the trees clinging to the cliff face which are [revealed] to the salty winds off the sea are compared to those growing in the more sheltered woodland later in the walk .

The scare was caused by a report which showed that cavers were sometimes being exposed to levels of radiation , in the form of radon , up to 800 times the official safety limit in homes .
the scare was caused by a report which showed that cavers were sometimes being [revealed] to levels of radiation , in the form of radon , up to 800 times the official safety limit in homes .

Some exposed scrambling is involved in these routes .
some [revealed] scrambling is involved in these routes .

Another steep descent leads on to grassy col and then yet more superb ridge walking , narrow and exposed , over Sgurr nan Saighead ( 3,047ft ) .
another steep descent leads on to grassy col and then yet more superb ridge walking , narrow and [revealed] , over sgurr nan saighead ( 3,047ft ) .

At the bottom of the Grand Canyon the oldest rocks of all are exposed in a gorge lined with vertical cliffs .
at the bottom of the grand canyon the oldest rocks of all are [revealed] in a gorge lined with vertical cliffs .

And cases that may have been tampered with by high-ranking legal figures who feared being exposed will be reviewed .
and cases that may have been tampered with by high-ranking legal figures who feared being [revealed] will be reviewed .

Election promises exposed as sham
election promises [revealed] as sham

The dramatic move — effectively devaluing our currency — exposed the Prime Minister 's general election pledges of economic recovery as worthless .
the dramatic move — effectively devaluing our currency — [revealed] the prime minister 's general election pledges of economic recovery as worthless .

Yesterday 's events were the culmination of weeks of trauma that have dogged Mrs Mellor since the Minister 's steamy affair with actress Antonia de Sancha was exposed .
yesterday 's events were the culmination of weeks of trauma that have dogged mrs mellor since the minister 's steamy affair with actress antonia de sancha was [revealed] .

Mellor 's resignation was the final act in a drama running since July , when his romance with Antonia was exposed .
mellor 's resignation was the final act in a drama running since july , when his romance with antonia was [revealed] .

Tory deceit had been exposed since the election , he said .
tory deceit had been [revealed] since the election , he said .

‘ People are entitled to be angry — the cynical deceit of the Tory election campaign , the easy promise that all the economy needed was the reassurance of a Tory victory , all now exposed in the harsh light of the real world . ’
‘ people are entitled to be angry — the cynical deceit of the tory election campaign , the easy promise that all the economy needed was the reassurance of a tory victory , all now [revealed] in the harsh light of the real world . ’

But he is now being exposed for what some of us always warned that he was .
but he is now being [revealed] for what some of us always warned that he was .

The clay exposed by the peat digging was also excavated and used in the manufacture of bricks and pottery .
the clay [revealed] by the peat digging was also excavated and used in the manufacture of bricks and pottery .

The Krypton gas-peril of the new reprocessing plant in Cumbria has been exposed by the Mirror .
the krypton gas-peril of the new reprocessing plant in cumbria has been [revealed] by the mirror .

The racket was exposed at a refugee centre in Croatia .
the racket was [revealed] at a refugee centre in croatia .

The photos , which sent shockwaves around the world , exposed the sham of Bryan 's insistence that their relationship was purely professional .
the photos , which sent shockwaves around the world , [revealed] the sham of bryan 's insistence that their relationship was purely professional .

It was the Mirror too which exposed the massive government cover-up last year over the poisonous waste being dumped on our beaches .
it was the mirror too which [revealed] the massive government cover-up last year over the poisonous waste being dumped on our beaches .

She exposed her wrist , and jabbed the painkiller into her bloodstream .
she [revealed] her wrist , and jabbed the painkiller into her bloodstream .

Her mainly exposed bosoms wobbled over the top of her black corset .
her mainly [revealed] bosoms wobbled over the top of her black corset .

As the flaw is exposed and the doubt sweeps in with its impressive academic credentials and powerful , emotional threat , the doubt is unanswerable , because there is no reason why not .
as the flaw is [revealed] and the doubt sweeps in with its impressive academic credentials and powerful , emotional threat , the doubt is unanswerable , because there is no reason why not .

If he appears to believe , it is only because his underlying lack of conviction is covered by other supports for faith , such as the encouragement of fellow believers , so that the weakness is not exposed .
if he appears to believe , it is only because his underlying lack of conviction is covered by other supports for faith , such as the encouragement of fellow believers , so that the weakness is not [revealed] .

Subsoil Principally Belemnite chalk , with some Micraster chalk at the edge of the lower slopes and lignite , sand , sandstone , clay and flinty-clay exposed in a thin strip on the highest slopes .
subsoil principally belemnite chalk , with some micraster chalk at the edge of the lower slopes and lignite , sand , sandstone , clay and flinty-clay [revealed] in a thin strip on the highest slopes .

The slopes which produce these prized vines are generally east-facing , but in a few specific cases they are exposed in northern and southern directions .
the slopes which produce these prized vines are generally east-facing , but in a few specific cases they are [revealed] in northern and southern directions .

On either side of the village the vines are exposed on north-facing slopes , ranging between 140 and 200 metres in height .
on either side of the village the vines are [revealed] on north-facing slopes , ranging between 140 and 200 metres in height .

Already weak and exposed where Midnight was concerned , this unexpected consideration broke down the last of the barriers Jess had constructed against the old woman .
already weak and [revealed] where midnight was concerned , this unexpected consideration broke down the last of the barriers jess had constructed against the old woman .

Establishing the upper hand with the habit of a lifetime , Anthea tapped her way out of the room , leaving Meryl feeling unpleasantly exposed .
establishing the upper hand with the habit of a lifetime , anthea tapped her way out of the room , leaving meryl feeling unpleasantly [revealed] .

This is a clear , liquid adhesive for glass that sets when exposed to natural daylight .
this is a clear , liquid adhesive for glass that sets when [revealed] to natural daylight .

She seemed so exposed , so ridiculous , he wanted to point and laugh .
she seemed so [revealed] , so ridiculous , he wanted to point and laugh .

Unfortunately , as is well known , a simple design leaves all elements within it exposed so the simpler the concept , the better the execution required to pull it off successfully .
unfortunately , as is well known , a simple design leaves all elements within it [revealed] so the simpler the concept , the better the execution required to pull it off successfully .

In places vehicles which had preceded them along the track had exposed the sterile moss .
in places vehicles which had preceded them along the track had [revealed] the sterile moss .

Most crucially it means identifying the population which is at ‘ risk ’ of being exposed to the noxious or infectious agent via proximity or because of certain characteristics which make them more vulnerable .
most crucially it means identifying the population which is at ‘ risk ’ of being [revealed] to the noxious or infectious agent via proximity or because of certain characteristics which make them more vulnerable .

At a push boiling oil on its own will do the job , but a typical mixture has corrosive properties and is sticky so that it adheres to exposed flesh .
at a push boiling oil on its own will do the job , but a typical mixture has corrosive properties and is sticky so that it adheres to [revealed] flesh .

The detachment forms up close to the main unit where it can offer support , either by using long range weapons such as bows or hand guns , or by employing hand-to-hand weapons to threaten an advancing enemy 's exposed flanks .
the detachment forms up close to the main unit where it can offer support , either by using long range weapons such as bows or hand guns , or by employing hand-to-hand weapons to threaten an advancing enemy 's [revealed] flanks .

Within government itself the practicalities of administering controls in peacetime became increasingly difficult and , in the process , exposed the crucial lack of any coherent and comprehensive theory of planning .
within government itself the practicalities of administering controls in peacetime became increasingly difficult and , in the process , [revealed] the crucial lack of any coherent and comprehensive theory of planning .

The failure to identify bed sharing as a risk factor in non-Maori children was probably due to the very small proportion of infants in this group who both shared a bed and were exposed to maternal smoking .
the failure to identify bed sharing as a risk factor in non-maori children was probably due to the very small proportion of infants in this group who both shared a bed and were [revealed] to maternal smoking .

They stared at each other for a moment in tense silence ; then gripping the aide of the bedclothes , he swung them upwards and exposed to his amazed gaze her grey outdoor coat .
they stared at each other for a moment in tense silence ; then gripping the aide of the bedclothes , he swung them upwards and [revealed] to his amazed gaze her grey outdoor coat .

Although much of the Dark Peak , as these Northerly uplands are called , is very exposed , it is also full of famous beauty spots .
although much of the dark peak , as these northerly uplands are called , is very [revealed] , it is also full of famous beauty spots .

North-eastern England and the Midlands contain most of the exposed coalfields in England , and there is always a large number of enquiries on matters relating to coal .
north-eastern england and the midlands contain most of the [revealed] coalfields in england , and there is always a large number of enquiries on matters relating to coal .

To the north , however , at the south-western end of the Faeroe-Shetland Channel , the stronger bottom currents have locally exposed debris-flow sediments at the sea bed .
to the north , however , at the south-western end of the faeroe-shetland channel , the stronger bottom currents have locally [revealed] debris-flow sediments at the sea bed .

Others , clutching large and not so large towels to their exposed crotches , stood rooted to the spot appalled .
others , clutching large and not so large towels to their [revealed] crotches , stood rooted to the spot appalled .

In practice , this may mean that old people are exposed to risk in their own homes and that there will be , on occasion , tragic consequences .
in practice , this may mean that old people are [revealed] to risk in their own homes and that there will be , on occasion , tragic consequences .

They may become very anxious about the risk to which the old person is exposed and urge admission to residential care .
they may become very anxious about the risk to which the old person is [revealed] and urge admission to residential care .

They no longer function adequately ‘ on automatic ’ and may therefore be exposed to unacceptable risks .
they no longer function adequately ‘ on automatic ’ and may therefore be [revealed] to unacceptable risks .

As a result your hair is totally defenceless against everything it is exposed to .
as a result your hair is totally defenceless against everything it is [revealed] to .

It will have a genuine inglenook fireplace , exposed posts and beams , low overhanging eaves — maybe even a minstrel gallery … Exuding period style and atmosphere but using the best of modern building technology to make your home the comfortable and luxurious haven you deserve .
it will have a genuine inglenook fireplace , [revealed] posts and beams , low overhanging eaves — maybe even a minstrel gallery … exuding period style and atmosphere but using the best of modern building technology to make your home the comfortable and luxurious haven you deserve .

She had exposed her most vulnerable part to a vicious archer .
she had [revealed] her most vulnerable part to a vicious archer .

Rokeya looked like a figure in a strangely exposed photograph , silhouetted , caught , highly defined by the light , like a prisoner running from a concentration camp , cruelly and horribly revealed by a roof-top guard 's spotlight .
rokeya looked like a figure in a strangely [revealed] photograph , silhouetted , caught , highly defined by the light , like a prisoner running from a concentration camp , cruelly and horribly revealed by a roof-top guard 's spotlight .

The failure of imagination to embrace the needs and possibilities of reuniting Europe and to support the democratic change in the former Soviet Union have exposed the shallowness of current leaders and the outdatedness of existing political systems .
the failure of imagination to embrace the needs and possibilities of reuniting europe and to support the democratic change in the former soviet union have [revealed] the shallowness of current leaders and the outdatedness of existing political systems .

The rest of the children were seated on the ground so that all five of them were now very exposed .
the rest of the children were seated on the ground so that all five of them were now very [revealed] .

He looked up at her from the bed , his cheeks flushed with the exertions of his performance , the taps on his shoes exposed to her scrutiny .
he looked up at her from the bed , his cheeks flushed with the exertions of his performance , the taps on his shoes [revealed] to her scrutiny .

Those exposed to it often make changes in themselves , but that is because they want to , not because we are dissatisfied with them as they are .
those [revealed] to it often make changes in themselves , but that is because they want to , not because we are dissatisfied with them as they are .

At various stations a number of final spot and seam welds are made , and then power grinders are used to smooth down exposed welds and any high spots .
at various stations a number of final spot and seam welds are made , and then power grinders are used to smooth down [revealed] welds and any high spots .

In some cases , the lack of forensic evidence had actually disproved the allegations and exposed the witnesses as perjurors .
in some cases , the lack of forensic evidence had actually disproved the allegations and [revealed] the witnesses as perjurors .

Between the mouths of the rivers are high cliffs , some of the highest in the world , with vertical columns of basalt and layers of red and yellow tufa exposed in some places .
between the mouths of the rivers are high cliffs , some of the highest in the world , with vertical columns of basalt and layers of red and yellow tufa [revealed] in some places .

Above the forest the land is rocky and exposed and is left to sheep and goats .
above the forest the land is rocky and [revealed] and is left to sheep and goats .

To a large extent the crops grown vary with altitude — they can be grown to a higher altitude on the warmer , less exposed south side .
to a large extent the crops grown vary with altitude — they can be grown to a higher altitude on the warmer , less [revealed] south side .

Among his public works ( mentioned in Elucidario Madeirense by Silva and Meneses ) , he was responsible for building houses of refuge near the exposed mountain passes , and public fountains for thirsty travellers all over Funchal , at his own expense .
among his public works ( mentioned in elucidario madeirense by silva and meneses ) , he was responsible for building houses of refuge near the [revealed] mountain passes , and public fountains for thirsty travellers all over funchal , at his own expense .

Ten fictitious cover-ups you wish had been exposed ( courtesy of Mat Coward )
ten fictitious cover-ups you wish had been [revealed] ( courtesy of mat coward )

Today , in the former East Germany , weekly revelations about the cooperation of even leading figures in the pre-1989 underground opposition with the secret police has exposed the shocking totality of society 's complicity .
today , in the former east germany , weekly revelations about the cooperation of even leading figures in the pre-1989 underground opposition with the secret police has [revealed] the shocking totality of society 's complicity .

Cracked sink , lead pipes exposed —
cracked sink , lead pipes [revealed] —

So , in summary , we 're looking for a clear site , exposed to wind , preferably on rising ground or on beach dunes where there are no buildings to break up the breeze .
so , in summary , we 're looking for a clear site , [revealed] to wind , preferably on rising ground or on beach dunes where there are no buildings to break up the breeze .

Outdoors , on all kinds of surfaces where the lines can be abraded as they are dragged , in a range of temperatures and exposed to ultra-violet rays , and often made wet from dew in the grass , all the lab tests become suspect .
outdoors , on all kinds of surfaces where the lines can be abraded as they are dragged , in a range of temperatures and [revealed] to ultra-violet rays , and often made wet from dew in the grass , all the lab tests become suspect .

They fling them in with all the other paraphernalia , only to have the line exposed to the hard bits , hooks , swivels and carbon tubes in one glorious fight for survival !
they fling them in with all the other paraphernalia , only to have the line [revealed] to the hard bits , hooks , swivels and carbon tubes in one glorious fight for survival !

It is only by making property sacred , guarded by the fiery sword of divine justice that it can be safe from the dangers to which it is everywhere and always exposed .
it is only by making property sacred , guarded by the fiery sword of divine justice that it can be safe from the dangers to which it is everywhere and always [revealed] .

The court heard that when the Deputy County Engineer inspected the dump site on 15 April , he found four bags of pelleted asbestos exposed on the site , pellets scattered on part of the site and for 70 yards along the access road and one pellet at the entrance gate to the site .
the court heard that when the deputy county engineer inspected the dump site on 15 april , he found four bags of pelleted asbestos [revealed] on the site , pellets scattered on part of the site and for 70 yards along the access road and one pellet at the entrance gate to the site .

This provided an element of stability to counterbalance the mental extremity to which they were continually exposed .
this provided an element of stability to counterbalance the mental extremity to which they were continually [revealed] .

These bodies changed within twelve hours after they were exposed .
these bodies changed within twelve hours after they were [revealed] .

Had the bodies viewed by Kirkpatrick been embalmed then they would not have ‘ changed within twelve hours after they were exposed ’ .
had the bodies viewed by kirkpatrick been embalmed then they would not have ‘ changed within twelve hours after they were [revealed] ’ .

Gone are the ties round the feet and in comes a full , loosely fitting single-piece garment , pleated at the neck but still with the top-knot ; the face is completely exposed , showing the features in a peaceful attitude of repose , the limbs no longer with a stiff formality but a far more relaxed naturalism .
gone are the ties round the feet and in comes a full , loosely fitting single-piece garment , pleated at the neck but still with the top-knot ; the face is completely [revealed] , showing the features in a peaceful attitude of repose , the limbs no longer with a stiff formality but a far more relaxed naturalism .

And here we learn something new , for though the sculptor has chosen to leave the left hand exposed he gives us an indication as to how shrouds were placed once the body had been encoffined : the right sleeve has been pulled down over its hands and gently tucked under the fingers .
and here we learn something new , for though the sculptor has chosen to leave the left hand [revealed] he gives us an indication as to how shrouds were placed once the body had been encoffined : the right sleeve has been pulled down over its hands and gently tucked under the fingers .

The enveloping shroud covered a multitude of sins but , now that the corpse was exposed , greater attention had to be paid to posture .
the enveloping shroud covered a multitude of sins but , now that the corpse was [revealed] , greater attention had to be paid to posture .

One is now no longer on view : when the church of St Peter 's , Exton , Somerset , was being reordered in 1984 a clay-puddled grave shaft beneath the ledger stone of William Averie ( d.1608 ) was exposed .
one is now no longer on view : when the church of st peter 's , exton , somerset , was being reordered in 1984 a clay-puddled grave shaft beneath the ledger stone of william averie ( d.1608 ) was [revealed] .

Your feet can get burned when patches of skin are exposed when you wear sandals .
your feet can get burned when patches of skin are [revealed] when you wear sandals .

Dermatologists recommend : stay inside when the sun rays are strongest and make sure you wear a factor 15 or more on exposed skin .
dermatologists recommend : stay inside when the sun rays are strongest and make sure you wear a factor 15 or more on [revealed] skin .

Like your hair , nails are primarily composed of keratin , a fibrous , porous protein , whose cells stretch when nails are exposed to water .
like your hair , nails are primarily composed of keratin , a fibrous , porous protein , whose cells stretch when nails are [revealed] to water .

With Will Hay 's backing , she starred in a film that exposed drug trafficking , Human Wreckage .
with will hay 's backing , she starred in a film that [revealed] drug trafficking , human wreckage .

Loose-laid cables have the advantage of quick installation and flexibility , not to mention price , but exposed cables are vulnerable .
loose-laid cables have the advantage of quick installation and flexibility , not to mention price , but [revealed] cables are vulnerable .

In confirming the wealth of the district the subsidy exposed a scale of poverty that more closely approached what was to be found in the rest of Suffolk .
in confirming the wealth of the district the subsidy [revealed] a scale of poverty that more closely approached what was to be found in the rest of suffolk .

Union members were exposed to both the rhetoric about union solidarity and the real need to support the class interest of their fellow workers .
union members were [revealed] to both the rhetoric about union solidarity and the real need to support the class interest of their fellow workers .

Arguing that a dominant group may be so well entrenched that it is unaware of any potential challenge , Lukes points to the importance of socially and culturally patterned behaviour , to ways of acting and thinking which are taken for granted and which are rarely exposed to serious challenge .
arguing that a dominant group may be so well entrenched that it is unaware of any potential challenge , lukes points to the importance of socially and culturally patterned behaviour , to ways of acting and thinking which are taken for granted and which are rarely [revealed] to serious challenge .

If the shaman is exposed to the insidious effects of the fungus for too long he may eventually turn into a giant shaman mushroom .
if the shaman is [revealed] to the insidious effects of the fungus for too long he may eventually turn into a giant shaman mushroom .

Equally they recognise that their pupils are exposed to sophisticated and easily accessible media which graphically , and at times gratu-itously , portray the violence and disharmony that exists in society .
equally they recognise that their pupils are [revealed] to sophisticated and easily accessible media which graphically , and at times gratu-itously , portray the violence and disharmony that exists in society .

Indeed the evidence ( Wilson 1980 , Evans 1981 ) suggests that disruptive pupils are exposed to an inferior curriculum which may only add to their difficulties .
indeed the evidence ( wilson 1980 , evans 1981 ) suggests that disruptive pupils are [revealed] to an inferior curriculum which may only add to their difficulties .

In fact , that is allied to their one main fault : they are rather tender , do n't like exposed positions and can be badly cut about by cold winds .
in fact , that is allied to their one main fault : they are rather tender , do n't like [revealed] positions and can be badly cut about by cold winds .

Indeed , several are at the other extreme and are so hardy as to be used for screening and protection in exposed positions .
indeed , several are at the other extreme and are so hardy as to be used for screening and protection in [revealed] positions .

Always make cuts clean and smooth with no ragged , broken edges to the cut , or slivers of stem left exposed .
always make cuts clean and smooth with no ragged , broken edges to the cut , or slivers of stem left [revealed] .

Always make a cut just above a bud or eye where the exposed surface is near the nodal storage cells and will quickly form healing callus , and where the growth bud will receive the diverted energy .
always make a cut just above a bud or eye where the [revealed] surface is near the nodal storage cells and will quickly form healing callus , and where the growth bud will receive the diverted energy .

Bushes are on short , almost non-existent , stems , whereas standard top growth is exposed high up , and is more vulnerable to the consequences of weak and incorrect pruning .
bushes are on short , almost non-existent , stems , whereas standard top growth is [revealed] high up , and is more vulnerable to the consequences of weak and incorrect pruning .

Especially in exposed positions , it is sensible , for example , to trim back long stems and tallish growth in order to reduce the sail effect in wind and the resulting problem called ‘ wind rock ’ .
especially in [revealed] positions , it is sensible , for example , to trim back long stems and tallish growth in order to reduce the sail effect in wind and the resulting problem called ‘ wind rock ’ .

Pulverized bark or even wood shavings can be used as it is so exposed to the air that denitrification is avoided .
pulverized bark or even wood shavings can be used as it is so [revealed] to the air that denitrification is avoided .

As control of pests and diseases consists basically of subjecting them to conditions or substances that are harmful to them , we have to recognize that , as they have all evolved defences of one kind or another — and very successfully too , which is why they are still on this Earth and contending with us for our roses — somewhere in their life cycles are periods and stages when they are more exposed and vulnerable .
as control of pests and diseases consists basically of subjecting them to conditions or substances that are harmful to them , we have to recognize that , as they have all evolved defences of one kind or another — and very successfully too , which is why they are still on this earth and contending with us for our roses — somewhere in their life cycles are periods and stages when they are more [revealed] and vulnerable .

They are normally found on the plant , exposed as with caterpillars , or concealed , like sawfly and tortrix larvae .
they are normally found on the plant , [revealed] as with caterpillars , or concealed , like sawfly and tortrix larvae .

As soon as the stigma is revealed and exposed , you can not be sure that some keen and inquisitive insect wo n't beat you to it and carry in pollen from heaven knows where .
as soon as the stigma is revealed and [revealed] , you can not be sure that some keen and inquisitive insect wo n't beat you to it and carry in pollen from heaven knows where .

They exposed the inequalities of society in order to change them .
they [revealed] the inequalities of society in order to change them .

We are therefore exposed to incomplete explanations of events : we know of the famine but can not comprehend its causes , we are made aware of problems but can not fathom their resolution .
we are therefore [revealed] to incomplete explanations of events : we know of the famine but can not comprehend its causes , we are made aware of problems but can not fathom their resolution .

This transaction ‘ exposed the myth of the Fourth Estate ’ because it confirmed in a stark fashion the well established close connections between the press and politics .
this transaction ‘ [revealed] the myth of the fourth estate ’ because it confirmed in a stark fashion the well established close connections between the press and politics .

Because they are only accountable to themselves and to their shareholders , they would leave themselves exposed and vulnerable to those who do not take kindly to being dictated to by ‘ outsiders ’ .
because they are only accountable to themselves and to their shareholders , they would leave themselves [revealed] and vulnerable to those who do not take kindly to being dictated to by ‘ outsiders ’ .

Also , ‘ for the first time since 1906 union funds were exposed to the threat of damages claims if official support was even to action which was no longer immune ’ .
also , ‘ for the first time since 1906 union funds were [revealed] to the threat of damages claims if official support was even to action which was no longer immune ’ .

This has been the case with many traditional British companies and it is only now that they are really being exposed to greater change .
this has been the case with many traditional british companies and it is only now that they are really being [revealed] to greater change .

Only when it is exposed to chemicals that harden the tissue and inhibit decay , a method known as fixation , is the brain easily studied and only then will it reveal the complexities of its organization .
only when it is [revealed] to chemicals that harden the tissue and inhibit decay , a method known as fixation , is the brain easily studied and only then will it reveal the complexities of its organization .

If the visual cortex of a monkey is exposed to a stain that highlights the enzyme cytochrome oxidase it is possible to identify densely labelled blobs , which indicate high concentrations of the enzyme , in the upper layers of the visual cortex ( Livingstone and Hubel 1984 ) .
if the visual cortex of a monkey is [revealed] to a stain that highlights the enzyme cytochrome oxidase it is possible to identify densely labelled blobs , which indicate high concentrations of the enzyme , in the upper layers of the visual cortex ( livingstone and hubel 1984 ) .

One of the great attractions of the area is the way many of the finest walks combine high exposed moorland sections with exploration of the sheltered dales .
one of the great attractions of the area is the way many of the finest walks combine high [revealed] moorland sections with exploration of the sheltered dales .

Exposed to the same hazards as the continent — .
[revealed] to the same hazards as the continent — .

‘ War puts nations to the test ; and just as Egyptian mummies crumbled into dust when exposed to the shock of air , war spells the sentence of death upon any social institution which has become calcified ’ .
‘ war puts nations to the test ; and just as egyptian mummies crumbled into dust when [revealed] to the shock of air , war spells the sentence of death upon any social institution which has become calcified ’ .

Gournia ( Figure 18 ) was excavated by the pioneer Minoan archaeologist Harriet Boyd at the turn of the century and the entire plan of the town stands completely exposed .
gournia ( figure 18 ) was excavated by the pioneer minoan archaeologist harriet boyd at the turn of the century and the entire plan of the town stands completely [revealed] .

The road leading south from the crossroads seems to have followed the course of the modern road and may have led to the south-west corner of the Labyrinth 's West Court , where a part of an access road has been exposed .
the road leading south from the crossroads seems to have followed the course of the modern road and may have led to the south-west corner of the labyrinth 's west court , where a part of an access road has been [revealed] .

The belt tying the skirt on drew the bodice edges in round the breasts ( if they were to be exposed ) and presumably lent them some support from the sides and from below .
the belt tying the skirt on drew the bodice edges in round the breasts ( if they were to be [revealed] ) and presumably lent them some support from the sides and from below .

‘ It 's great that you arrived here , Jaq , ’ enthused Zephro Carnelian as he folded away the hoods . ‘ Without wishing to expose myself to obloquy , as you exposed friend Harq before we all became colleagues — ’
‘ it 's great that you arrived here , jaq , ’ enthused zephro carnelian as he folded away the hoods . ‘ without wishing to expose myself to obloquy , as you [revealed] friend harq before we all became colleagues — ’

Are there technical difficulties which would bother any members of the group — things like scrambling sections or exposed ridges ? The superb high-level walks in the Italian Dolomites , for example , often involve steep , exposed climbs , traverses and descents , aided by fixed cables and ladders .
are there technical difficulties which would bother any members of the group — things like scrambling sections or [revealed] ridges ? the superb high-level walks in the italian dolomites , for example , often involve steep , [revealed] climbs , traverses and descents , aided by fixed cables and ladders .

The terrain is very rough in places , often requiring easy scrambling in fairly exposed situations .
the terrain is very rough in places , often requiring easy scrambling in fairly [revealed] situations .

To the right of Walker 's Gully is a steep wall with a series of exposed ramp/grooves running diagonally across it .
to the right of walker 's gully is a steep wall with a series of [revealed] ramp/grooves running diagonally across it .

Much of the perched loose rock in this area has been cleared off ( probably 30 tonnes or so ) although this has left a largish patch of newly exposed rock surface .
much of the perched loose rock in this area has been cleared off ( probably 30 tonnes or so ) although this has left a largish patch of newly [revealed] rock surface .

The child and parents may need to be exposed to intensive care and contact with each other ( Iwaniec and Herbert 1982 ) .
the child and parents may need to be [revealed] to intensive care and contact with each other ( iwaniec and herbert 1982 ) .

Decorative , framed mirrors can be hung against a wall in much the same way as a picture , but to avoid having an exposed wire or chain , glass plates are often used .
decorative , framed mirrors can be hung against a wall in much the same way as a picture , but to avoid having an [revealed] wire or chain , glass plates are often used .

Water well , cover with glass , and leave over winter in exposed position .
water well , cover with glass , and leave over winter in [revealed] position .

Quality is the most important factor since your brickwork will be exposed to everything the elements can throw at it .
quality is the most important factor since your brickwork will be [revealed] to everything the elements can throw at it .

Ordinary-quality facing bricks will be ideal for most outdoor walling , but you may want to consider using special-quality bricks in particularly exposed areas .
ordinary-quality facing bricks will be ideal for most outdoor walling , but you may want to consider using special-quality bricks in particularly [revealed] areas .

This diagram shows what happens if a red light is flashed every time a person is exposed to a sudden loud noise .
this diagram shows what happens if a red light is flashed every time a person is [revealed] to a sudden loud noise .

Chomsky 's claim that the young child is exposed to degenerate samples of language which distort the relationship between surface forms and meanings has been challenged by a considerable amount of recent research .
chomsky 's claim that the young child is [revealed] to degenerate samples of language which distort the relationship between surface forms and meanings has been challenged by a considerable amount of recent research .

While it may be possible to say , on the basis of a diagnosis , that a child will continue to experience considerable difficulties with various aspects of language , it remains true that the course and speed of language development will depend , to a great extent , upon the kinds of experience to which the child is subsequently exposed .
while it may be possible to say , on the basis of a diagnosis , that a child will continue to experience considerable difficulties with various aspects of language , it remains true that the course and speed of language development will depend , to a great extent , upon the kinds of experience to which the child is subsequently [revealed] .

Thus the crucial determiner of the therapeutic experiences to which the child will be exposed is whether or not the child is categorised as ‘ having ’ a particular condition .
thus the crucial determiner of the therapeutic experiences to which the child will be [revealed] is whether or not the child is categorised as ‘ having ’ a particular condition .

In this kind of evaluation of change over time , it is argued that it is easier to attribute changes directly to the planned intervention , since it is unlikely that other experiences to which the child might be exposed would produce the same pattern of differential progress across different aspects of language .
in this kind of evaluation of change over time , it is argued that it is easier to attribute changes directly to the planned intervention , since it is unlikely that other experiences to which the child might be [revealed] would produce the same pattern of differential progress across different aspects of language .

The view from the exposed summit of Ben Crom is one of the best in the Mournes , taking in , as it does , the Silent Valley , Binnian , Lamagan and beyond Donard .
the view from the [revealed] summit of ben crom is one of the best in the mournes , taking in , as it does , the silent valley , binnian , lamagan and beyond donard .

Oxidisation — the physical and chemical reaction that takes place when your hair is exposed to daylight .
oxidisation — the physical and chemical reaction that takes place when your hair is [revealed] to daylight .

Most fish would not be seriously affected by temperatures somewhat outside this range especially if only exposed to them for a short time .
most fish would not be seriously affected by temperatures somewhat outside this range especially if only [revealed] to them for a short time .

The Vimy was too large to construct a hangar around it and so , exposed to the elements , rebuilding work commenced with only a set of canvas screens for shelter .
the vimy was too large to construct a hangar around it and so , [revealed] to the elements , rebuilding work commenced with only a set of canvas screens for shelter .

Thirdly , the myth that ethnic minority elders inevitably prefer to be and always are looked after by their own is being exposed ( Grant , 1988 ) .
thirdly , the myth that ethnic minority elders inevitably prefer to be and always are looked after by their own is being [revealed] ( grant , 1988 ) .

Dr John Bromley , senior partner at the practice , in Monkgate , York , admitted failing to prevent John being exposed to a hazardous substance and was fined £750 under the Health and Safety Act .
dr john bromley , senior partner at the practice , in monkgate , york , admitted failing to prevent john being [revealed] to a hazardous substance and was fined £750 under the health and safety act .

The threat was apparently rescinded after the Whips feared their actions may be exposed .
the threat was apparently rescinded after the whips feared their actions may be [revealed] .

On her visit Diana took France by storm and she has shown the world how happy she is carrying out official engagements on her own — in contrast to the Korean trip which she shared with her husband and which exposed their coldness towards each other when they spent most days unsmiling and glum .
on her visit diana took france by storm and she has shown the world how happy she is carrying out official engagements on her own — in contrast to the korean trip which she shared with her husband and which [revealed] their coldness towards each other when they spent most days unsmiling and glum .

With continued care they exposed an intact skeleton .
with continued care they [revealed] an intact skeleton .

The ‘ bomb ’ was sent 700 miles south to Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico where it was exposed to a beam of muons produced in the laboratory 's particle accelerator .
the ‘ bomb ’ was sent 700 miles south to los alamos national laboratory in new mexico where it was [revealed] to a beam of muons produced in the laboratory 's particle accelerator .

It was so absorbed in its feast that it ignored the soft approach of the man who had treated it so kindly , and could do no more than scratch and struggle as it was grasped by the neck , and lifted from the ground , its belly exposed to the flashing steel blade of a fish knife .
it was so absorbed in its feast that it ignored the soft approach of the man who had treated it so kindly , and could do no more than scratch and struggle as it was grasped by the neck , and lifted from the ground , its belly [revealed] to the flashing steel blade of a fish knife .

Lit by a single , battery powered lamp hung from the exposed rafters , even with the bits of carpet and drapes hung down the walls the place was a prison cell , and felt like it .
lit by a single , battery powered lamp hung from the [revealed] rafters , even with the bits of carpet and drapes hung down the walls the place was a prison cell , and felt like it .

The danger for Leeds was that as they began to over-extend themselves they would become exposed at the back , where they are at their weakest .
the danger for leeds was that as they began to over-extend themselves they would become [revealed] at the back , where they are at their weakest .

Against Rangers in the European Cup , Leeds ' deficiencies and lack of subtlety in attack were fully exposed , and Cantona 's £1.2 million departure to Manchester United will increase the load even more on Lee Chapman , 33 next month .
against rangers in the european cup , leeds ' deficiencies and lack of subtlety in attack were fully [revealed] , and cantona 's £1.2 million departure to manchester united will increase the load even more on lee chapman , 33 next month .

Her robe fell open to the waist , her small jutting breasts exposed , heaving with indignation .
her robe fell open to the waist , her small jutting breasts [revealed] , heaving with indignation .

She had never before been exposed to the ruthless face of terrorism .
she had never before been [revealed] to the ruthless face of terrorism .

In her attempt to ascertain why anorexia nervosa is a girls ' rather than a boys ' disease , Selvini Palazzoli emphasises the manner in which the adolescent girl ‘ is exposed to lewd looks , subjected to menstruation , about to be penetrated in sexual embraces , to be invaded by the foetus , to be suckled by a child , etc .
in her attempt to ascertain why anorexia nervosa is a girls ' rather than a boys ' disease , selvini palazzoli emphasises the manner in which the adolescent girl ‘ is [revealed] to lewd looks , subjected to menstruation , about to be penetrated in sexual embraces , to be invaded by the foetus , to be suckled by a child , etc .

While the Bush camp exposed Clinton 's sexual peccadilloes in the hope of lowering his public esteem , the revelations seemed actually to increase his sex appeal rating among women voters .
while the bush camp [revealed] clinton 's sexual peccadilloes in the hope of lowering his public esteem , the revelations seemed actually to increase his sex appeal rating among women voters .

Richard Ryder is friendly , tactful and warm but has a ruthless streak which has been exposed in recent days .
richard ryder is friendly , tactful and warm but has a ruthless streak which has been [revealed] in recent days .

One by one , the royal marriages have come crashing down — Princess Anne and Captain Mark Phillips divorced , the Duke and Duchess of York separated and now Prince Charles and Princess Diana 's marriage is exposed as a sham .
one by one , the royal marriages have come crashing down — princess anne and captain mark phillips divorced , the duke and duchess of york separated and now prince charles and princess diana 's marriage is [revealed] as a sham .

His receding hair exposed a noble curved brow .
his receding hair [revealed] a noble curved brow .

Chemical reactions in our body involving oxygen give us the energy we need to live ( some types of bacteria , anaerobic bacteria , curl up and die when exposed to oxygen , but they are in the minority ) .
chemical reactions in our body involving oxygen give us the energy we need to live ( some types of bacteria , anaerobic bacteria , curl up and die when [revealed] to oxygen , but they are in the minority ) .

Quite clearly , then , if a child is brought up so that it is exposed constantly to a critical parent , she or he may spend much of the time being an adapted child .
quite clearly , then , if a child is brought up so that it is [revealed] constantly to a critical parent , she or he may spend much of the time being an adapted child .

But if you only listen well and make little contribution yourself , you risk suppressing your own needs and leaving the other party feeling cheated and exposed at the end of the conversation .
but if you only listen well and make little contribution yourself , you risk suppressing your own needs and leaving the other party feeling cheated and [revealed] at the end of the conversation .

When you are presenting to high-status people , who have the power to promote or demote you , you can feel justifiably vulnerable and exposed .
when you are presenting to high-status people , who have the power to promote or demote you , you can feel justifiably vulnerable and [revealed] .

‘ That you ’ Proof of the identity of an accused exposing his/her person may be difficult and apart from an admission a witness is required to say that the man/woman in the court dock is the person who exposed their person .
‘ that you ’ proof of the identity of an accused exposing his/her person may be difficult and apart from an admission a witness is required to say that the man/woman in the court dock is the person who [revealed] their person .

‘ did wilfully , openly , lewdly and obscenely ’ These terms are proved by a witness stating the penis was exposed openly and not accidently and that it was erect , stiff or swollen etc .
‘ did wilfully , openly , lewdly and obscenely ’ these terms are proved by a witness stating the penis was [revealed] openly and not accidently and that it was erect , stiff or swollen etc .

Note that justices may convict where it can be inferred that at the material time , the penis was exposed .
note that justices may convict where it can be inferred that at the material time , the penis was [revealed] .

‘ with intent to insult a certain female named … The intent can best be proved by an admission from the accused or what he said to the female to whom he exposed himself .
‘ with intent to insult a certain female named … the intent can best be proved by an admission from the accused or what he said to the female to whom he [revealed] himself .

‘ to the annoyance of the residents ( or passengers ) ’ 'Annoyance ' can be proved by the person ( s ) who was exposed to including their feelings of annoyance in their evidence .
‘ to the annoyance of the residents ( or passengers ) ’ 'annoyance ' can be proved by the person ( s ) who was [revealed] to including their feelings of annoyance in their evidence .

‘ It 's too exposed here .
‘ it 's too [revealed] here .

He hated being exposed like this .
he hated being [revealed] like this .

Masklin pulled himself up the wire and on to the table , feeling very exposed .
masklin pulled himself up the wire and on to the table , feeling very [revealed] .

Munich fully exposed the divisions and confusions within the peace movement . The Peace Pledge Union , which had praised Chamberlain 's efforts , subsequently issued a leaflet describing Munich as a pacifist victory :
munich fully [revealed] the divisions and confusions within the peace movement . the peace pledge union , which had praised chamberlain 's efforts , subsequently issued a leaflet describing munich as a pacifist victory :

Exposed for a long time to moist , saturated , air timber might settle down to a moisture content of 22 per cent or 23 per cent .
[revealed] for a long time to moist , saturated , air timber might settle down to a moisture content of 22 per cent or 23 per cent .

Most of the original infections in plywood are killed in the hot pressing process , but if the material is subsequently exposed to bacteria or fungi and water it will rot quite quickly .
most of the original infections in plywood are killed in the hot pressing process , but if the material is subsequently [revealed] to bacteria or fungi and water it will rot quite quickly .

He sold his tape to The Sun and was later exposed as the ‘ supersnoop ’ who had eavesdropped on the royals .
he sold his tape to the sun and was later [revealed] as the ‘ supersnoop ’ who had eavesdropped on the royals .

This latest leak might have been designed to expose the Chancellor but it has instead exposed the extremely lax security of Britain 's banks and credit card companies .
this latest leak might have been designed to expose the chancellor but it has instead [revealed] the extremely lax security of britain 's banks and credit card companies .

The frictions between nations and inconsistencies in the Community have been exposed as never before .
the frictions between nations and inconsistencies in the community have been [revealed] as never before .

Another parallel between football and industry exposed by the research is the frequent failure of managers to communicate with their players and discover where their strengths lie .
another parallel between football and industry [revealed] by the research is the frequent failure of managers to communicate with their players and discover where their strengths lie .

As soon as we are exposed to light , production of the hormone abruptly ends .
as soon as we are [revealed] to light , production of the hormone abruptly ends .

Walker relies on his speed to the ball and the change of the back-pass law has exposed his weakness in releasing it constructively .
walker relies on his speed to the ball and the change of the back-pass law has [revealed] his weakness in releasing it constructively .

Any suggestion from the other contenders that the men from Anfield are dangerous dark horses was exposed as a sham .
any suggestion from the other contenders that the men from anfield are dangerous dark horses was [revealed] as a sham .

FoE does , however , have sympathy for businesses exposed to liabilities because they have unknowingly become owners of contaminated land that they did not themselves pollute ; as a result , for example , of buying land defiled by a previous owner .
foe does , however , have sympathy for businesses [revealed] to liabilities because they have unknowingly become owners of contaminated land that they did not themselves pollute ; as a result , for example , of buying land defiled by a previous owner .

The frenzied Stock Exchange activity of the 1980s , followed by recession , then exposed the weaknesses in the system of regulating financial reporting .
the frenzied stock exchange activity of the 1980s , followed by recession , then [revealed] the weaknesses in the system of regulating financial reporting .

Any cell exposed to this situation experiences a powerful rise in its energy level .
any cell [revealed] to this situation experiences a powerful rise in its energy level .

for physics there is only one true measurement from any one position , and it can be more accurate than ever before ; writing and painting communicate look and feel from a viewpoint with more sophistication than ever before ; with a Cubist vision which constructs reality from the different facets exposed from different angles one is better orientated than ever before .
for physics there is only one true measurement from any one position , and it can be more accurate than ever before ; writing and painting communicate look and feel from a viewpoint with more sophistication than ever before ; with a cubist vision which constructs reality from the different facets [revealed] from different angles one is better orientated than ever before .

The trolley mast was of the Blackwell ‘ Dublin ’ type with an exposed hinge and swivel at the top .
the trolley mast was of the blackwell ‘ dublin ’ type with an [revealed] hinge and swivel at the top .

Unsurprisingly , Socks was fine until his owner 's presidential victory exposed him to the unwelcome attention of the world 's media and turned his little world upside down .
unsurprisingly , socks was fine until his owner 's presidential victory [revealed] him to the unwelcome attention of the world 's media and turned his little world upside down .

He was removed quickly and taken to hospital to have ten stitches in an ear so badly lacerated that the cartilage was exposed .
he was removed quickly and taken to hospital to have ten stitches in an ear so badly lacerated that the cartilage was [revealed] .

The top players might be exposed to the ruthless rigours of international rugby four times a season , with perhaps a fortnight between games .
the top players might be [revealed] to the ruthless rigours of international rugby four times a season , with perhaps a fortnight between games .

Another time he passed a copse of exposed trees that had been battered by the prevailing wind for so long that the trees were permanently bent over .
another time he passed a copse of [revealed] trees that had been battered by the prevailing wind for so long that the trees were permanently bent over .

Given the comments above , we would have our doubts over the likely benefits for sectors that are heavily exposed to Europe .
given the comments above , we would have our doubts over the likely benefits for sectors that are heavily [revealed] to europe .

Only Sussex , not yet exposed to his political style , offered a refuge and he spent the next five years there , converting the natives and negotiating his return .
only sussex , not yet [revealed] to his political style , offered a refuge and he spent the next five years there , converting the natives and negotiating his return .

An ambulance spokesman said the ‘ vast majority ’ of the casualties were suffering from minor injuries , shock and the effects of cold on the exposed stretch of trans-Pennine motorway .
an ambulance spokesman said the ‘ vast majority ’ of the casualties were suffering from minor injuries , shock and the effects of cold on the [revealed] stretch of trans-pennine motorway .

He is tipped to succeed Charles by royal author Andrew Morton , the man whose book , Diana : Her True Story , exposed the sham of the royal marriage .
he is tipped to succeed charles by royal author andrew morton , the man whose book , diana : her true story , [revealed] the sham of the royal marriage .

event , at least in the short term , most of these multifarious properties would be safe : North Parade was cut east of Pig Street itself , with the result that Charles Titford 's shop , already exposed on its south side in 1783 , would now have a naked eastern flank as well , leaving it on a kind of promontory .
event , at least in the short term , most of these multifarious properties would be safe : north parade was cut east of pig street itself , with the result that charles titford 's shop , already [revealed] on its south side in 1783 , would now have a naked eastern flank as well , leaving it on a kind of promontory .

With many companies ' insurance arrangements due for renewal from December 31 , financial institutions had faced starting the New Year exposed to ruin should other City buildings become the terrorist targets .
with many companies ' insurance arrangements due for renewal from december 31 , financial institutions had faced starting the new year [revealed] to ruin should other city buildings become the terrorist targets .

Learners acquire a particular language by receiving comprehensible input , that is to say by being exposed to messages expressed in language which is within the current acquired competence of the learners , together with language which is due to appear in the next stage of acquisition , and which can be eased into the mind by the help of context , knowledge of the world and so on .
learners acquire a particular language by receiving comprehensible input , that is to say by being [revealed] to messages expressed in language which is within the current acquired competence of the learners , together with language which is due to appear in the next stage of acquisition , and which can be eased into the mind by the help of context , knowledge of the world and so on .

Both blackish and Magellanic oystercatchers feed on the rocky reefs exposed by the ebb tide , while two-banded plovers and white-rumped sandpipers seek out little crustaceans and marine worms in the sand .
both blackish and magellanic oystercatchers feed on the rocky reefs [revealed] by the ebb tide , while two-banded plovers and white-rumped sandpipers seek out little crustaceans and marine worms in the sand .

To test this , we marked the boundaries of the exposed mesenchyme immediately after wounding by applying spots of the lipophilic dye DiI , which , once incorporated , remains confined to the cells that have taken it up .
to test this , we marked the boundaries of the [revealed] mesenchyme immediately after wounding by applying spots of the lipophilic dye dii , which , once incorporated , remains confined to the cells that have taken it up .

The exposed mesenchyme flattens to form an almost epithelium-like surface , whereas the free edge of the epidermis forms a smooth arc around most of the perimeter .
the [revealed] mesenchyme flattens to form an almost epithelium-like surface , whereas the free edge of the epidermis forms a smooth arc around most of the perimeter .

3 ) , the wound front generally has a rounded or only slightly angular profile , rather than the flattened cellular protrusions one might expect at a leading edge that was actively crawling forwards over the exposed mesenchyme .
3 ) , the wound front generally has a rounded or only slightly angular profile , rather than the flattened cellular protrusions one might expect at a leading edge that was actively crawling forwards over the [revealed] mesenchyme .

The absence of lamellipodia tallies with another observation : when we grafted a small patch of embryonic skin onto a denuded region of the limb bud surface , we found that the grafted epidermis , far from expanding over the adjacent vacant territory , actually retracted , leaving its own mesenchyme exposed .
the absence of lamellipodia tallies with another observation : when we grafted a small patch of embryonic skin onto a denuded region of the limb bud surface , we found that the grafted epidermis , far from expanding over the adjacent vacant territory , actually retracted , leaving its own mesenchyme [revealed] .

Detail from c , showing the taut , smooth appearance of the free edge of the epidermis at the wound margin and the flattened , epithelioid surface ( littered with a certain amount of debris ) formed by the exposed mesenchyme .
detail from c , showing the taut , smooth appearance of the free edge of the epidermis at the wound margin and the flattened , epithelioid surface ( littered with a certain amount of debris ) formed by the [revealed] mesenchyme .

The free edge of the epidermis has clearly moved in over the marked wound mesenchyme , leaving less than 10 % of it exposed by this stage .
the free edge of the epidermis has clearly moved in over the marked wound mesenchyme , leaving less than 10 % of it [revealed] by this stage .

METHODS.DiI was dissolved at a concentration of 1 % in ethanol and pressure-ejected onto the exposed mesenchyme , at a series of points around the wound margin , from a glass micropipette with a tip diameter of about 10μm .
methods.dii was dissolved at a concentration of 1 % in ethanol and pressure-ejected onto the [revealed] mesenchyme , at a series of points around the wound margin , from a glass micropipette with a tip diameter of about 10μm .

Elsewhere , the dip of this detachment structure may have flattened at deeper crustal levels , resulting in an along-strike warped geometry , with only the structurally highest level ( the South Mountains ) currently exposed at the surface .
elsewhere , the dip of this detachment structure may have flattened at deeper crustal levels , resulting in an along-strike warped geometry , with only the structurally highest level ( the south mountains ) currently [revealed] at the surface .

Networking , too , has got a bad name these days , as the scandalous links between Tokyo 's politicians , bureaucrats and businessmen are exposed .
networking , too , has got a bad name these days , as the scandalous links between tokyo 's politicians , bureaucrats and businessmen are [revealed] .

Government deregulation has exposed previously protected service industries to competition and forced managers to make the job cuts they should have made years ago .
government deregulation has [revealed] previously protected service industries to competition and forced managers to make the job cuts they should have made years ago .

What is undeniably true is that Mr Perot 's extraordinary performance at last November 's election , when he won more of the vote than any third-party candidate since 1912 , has exposed a deep distrust in the electorate for the familiar old kind of politician .
what is undeniably true is that mr perot 's extraordinary performance at last november 's election , when he won more of the vote than any third-party candidate since 1912 , has [revealed] a deep distrust in the electorate for the familiar old kind of politician .

Travellers are often forced to live in exposed public situations where social inequality and harsh conditions are not hidden from more affluent members of society as they would be in an outlying council estate or an inner city back street .
travellers are often forced to live in [revealed] public situations where social inequality and harsh conditions are not hidden from more affluent members of society as they would be in an outlying council estate or an inner city back street .

These substances , which tend to accumulate in tumour cells , turn from relatively benign chemicals into killers when they are exposed to red light .
these substances , which tend to accumulate in tumour cells , turn from relatively benign chemicals into killers when they are [revealed] to red light .

His thick black curly hair seemed to grow around his head like a crown , leaving his forehead exposed where it had receded .
his thick black curly hair seemed to grow around his head like a crown , leaving his forehead [revealed] where it had receded .

But when he has been exposed as a liar and a traitor , left alone on stage , Shakespeare allows him to end the scene with a soliloquy in verse : .
but when he has been [revealed] as a liar and a traitor , left alone on stage , shakespeare allows him to end the scene with a soliloquy in verse : .

The pretensions of Cade and Pistol are exposed by representatives of legitimacy .
the pretensions of cade and pistol are [revealed] by representatives of legitimacy .

In another place Christ , too , forecast that hypocrisy would eventually be exposed : The Church Fathers inveighed bitterly against hypocrisy , associating it with all forms of evil , depravity , and the work of the devil .
in another place christ , too , forecast that hypocrisy would eventually be [revealed] : the church fathers inveighed bitterly against hypocrisy , associating it with all forms of evil , depravity , and the work of the devil .

It is never the case that a writer creates a hypocrite without giving us some clue , however subtle , to his dissimulation ; and it is seldom the case that he is not exposed within the bounds of the artwork .
it is never the case that a writer creates a hypocrite without giving us some clue , however subtle , to his dissimulation ; and it is seldom the case that he is not [revealed] within the bounds of the artwork .

Deception is set against pretence , and the hypocrite , once exposed , is punished , exiled , or forgiven .
deception is set against pretence , and the hypocrite , once [revealed] , is punished , exiled , or forgiven .

In Macbeth the first hypocrite we hear of , the Thane of Cawdor , has already been exposed .
in macbeth the first hypocrite we hear of , the thane of cawdor , has already been [revealed] .

His guilt has been exposed by his own actions .
his guilt has been [revealed] by his own actions .

But the level of pretence he sustains after the murder is penetrated and exposed by the arrival of the very being whose absence he so insincerely deplores : ‘ Here had we now our country 's honour roofed , /Were the graced person of our Banquo present ’ ( III.iv.40ff . )
but the level of pretence he sustains after the murder is penetrated and [revealed] by the arrival of the very being whose absence he so insincerely deplores : ‘ here had we now our country 's honour roofed , /were the graced person of our banquo present ’ ( iii.iv.40ff . )

But in fact he has already been exposed .
but in fact he has already been [revealed] .

When Gaitskell met the chairmen on 22 July 1948 , however , he mercilessly exposed many of their arguments as the specious reasoning of bigoted men .
when gaitskell met the chairmen on 22 july 1948 , however , he mercilessly [revealed] many of their arguments as the specious reasoning of bigoted men .

The preference of ministers and mandarins — none of whom had a desire to be exposed to public criticism — for the ‘ gentleman 's agreement ’ rather than the public discussion of serious policy issues was equally understandable .
the preference of ministers and mandarins — none of whom had a desire to be [revealed] to public criticism — for the ‘ gentleman 's agreement ’ rather than the public discussion of serious policy issues was equally understandable .

This conclusion was , of course , extremely uncomfortable for the chairmen , since , if correct , it exposed as baseless their assurances to the Ministry on pricing policy .
this conclusion was , of course , extremely uncomfortable for the chairmen , since , if correct , it [revealed] as baseless their assurances to the ministry on pricing policy .

The stories of what it was like there in the hours that followed , and of the lingering deaths of 31 of the most exposed people , make the hair stand up on the back of your neck .
the stories of what it was like there in the hours that followed , and of the lingering deaths of 31 of the most [revealed] people , make the hair stand up on the back of your neck .

The idea that monetary policy can be used to fine-tune the real economy has long been exposed as a myth .
the idea that monetary policy can be used to fine-tune the real economy has long been [revealed] as a myth .

It is in these situations , particularly following a public inquiry into a case where a child has died , that poor co-operation tends to be most exposed .
it is in these situations , particularly following a public inquiry into a case where a child has died , that poor co-operation tends to be most [revealed] .

After the photographic plate was exposed , it was separated from the screen , developed as normal into a negative , then turned into a positive black and white transparency .
after the photographic plate was [revealed] , it was separated from the screen , developed as normal into a negative , then turned into a positive black and white transparency .

The mono emulsion behind the screen was therefore exposed in relation to the colours of the subject .
the mono emulsion behind the screen was therefore [revealed] in relation to the colours of the subject .

But so far as an answer can be found , it must be sought in the influences to which he was exposed during his exile .
but so far as an answer can be found , it must be sought in the influences to which he was [revealed] during his exile .

Well , let brother Spencer enjoy his ill-gotten gains while he may , the day was coming shortly when his fraud would be exposed for all to see .
well , let brother spencer enjoy his ill-gotten gains while he may , the day was coming shortly when his fraud would be [revealed] for all to see .

One of the preserved scenes depicts a Libyan , with tattooed loins and exposed genitals , wearing a long white cloak , about to cut the throat of a prostrate Egyptian .
one of the preserved scenes depicts a libyan , with tattooed loins and [revealed] genitals , wearing a long white cloak , about to cut the throat of a prostrate egyptian .

Because of the delicacy of the pigments and potential damage if exposed for too long to light , the papyrus will not be on continuous show .
because of the delicacy of the pigments and potential damage if [revealed] for too long to light , the papyrus will not be on continuous show .

Although the area between the Colosseum and the Arch of Constantine is now for pedestrians only , one-third of the Colosseum is still exposed to heavy traffic , including large tourist buses .
although the area between the colosseum and the arch of constantine is now for pedestrians only , one-third of the colosseum is still [revealed] to heavy traffic , including large tourist buses .

The point is made more seriously , and more savagely , in Bradbury 's The History Man ( 1975 ) , a fiercely partisan novel where an academic militant is exposed as a manipulative hypocrite , his ambitions directed more to sex and money than to revolution .
the point is made more seriously , and more savagely , in bradbury 's the history man ( 1975 ) , a fiercely partisan novel where an academic militant is [revealed] as a manipulative hypocrite , his ambitions directed more to sex and money than to revolution .

It needs this cooling device because it is more exposed to the direct heat of the sun .
it needs this cooling device because it is more [revealed] to the direct heat of the sun .

In the House of Commons , their loudest advocate , Tom Wing , sustained by resolutions from local pensions-committees and trades councils , exposed cases where elderly people had relinquished their pensions and drawn out-relief instead .
in the house of commons , their loudest advocate , tom wing , sustained by resolutions from local pensions-committees and trades councils , [revealed] cases where elderly people had relinquished their pensions and drawn out-relief instead .

But time and tide and neglect had eaten away at the structure so that even at low tide , with the slabs fully exposed , crossing would be tricky .
but time and tide and neglect had eaten away at the structure so that even at low tide , with the slabs fully [revealed] , crossing would be tricky .

To give the appearance of aging Joni could have mixed extra glue with the pigments which , when exposed to heat ( as in an oven ) would crack in a convincing way .
to give the appearance of aging joni could have mixed extra glue with the pigments which , when [revealed] to heat ( as in an oven ) would crack in a convincing way .

On the other hand , the limitations of the supranational institutions and the unwillingness of member states totally to set aside their own national interests were starkly exposed in 1959 .
on the other hand , the limitations of the supranational institutions and the unwillingness of member states totally to set aside their own national interests were starkly [revealed] in 1959 .

People-contact may be important to you and having your work exposed and publicised can be advantageous .
people-contact may be important to you and having your work [revealed] and publicised can be advantageous .

Right : Exposed moves on The Needle .
right : [revealed] moves on the needle .

The word list has been created with an eye to current concerns so that students will be exposed to an up-to-date vocabulary that is relevant to them .
the word list has been created with an eye to current concerns so that students will be [revealed] to an up-to-date vocabulary that is relevant to them .

The most crucial factor to have emerged from the recent research into language learning is not what language the learners are exposed to but what the learner does with the language .
the most crucial factor to have emerged from the recent research into language learning is not what language the learners are [revealed] to but what the learner does with the language .

Learners are exposed to the voices of children and adults , native and non-native speakers , and a number of different regional and national accents .
learners are [revealed] to the voices of children and adults , native and non-native speakers , and a number of different regional and national accents .

At each level , the word list has been created with an eye to current concerns so that students are exposed to an up-to-date vocabulary which is really relevant to their needs .
at each level , the word list has been created with an eye to current concerns so that students are [revealed] to an up-to-date vocabulary which is really relevant to their needs .

The activities are recorded on the cassette , so that even non-specialist English teachers will be confident that their pupils are exposed to the correct pronunciation .
the activities are recorded on the cassette , so that even non-specialist english teachers will be confident that their pupils are [revealed] to the correct pronunciation .

Abolitionists were no longer exposed in their use of public meetings ; indeed , compared with the disorder which sometimes accompanied agitation for parliamentary reform , large antislavery meetings were able to project the eminent respectability which could be attained by popular reform enterprise .
abolitionists were no longer [revealed] in their use of public meetings ; indeed , compared with the disorder which sometimes accompanied agitation for parliamentary reform , large antislavery meetings were able to project the eminent respectability which could be attained by popular reform enterprise .

Remember that cold water storage tanks , header tanks , and all exposed pipework must be insulated to prevent freeze-ups .
remember that cold water storage tanks , header tanks , and all [revealed] pipework must be insulated to prevent freeze-ups .

He will tell you whether there are any restrictions on the type of insulation that can be used ( urea-formaldehyde foam is not generally recommended in areas exposed to severe driving rain , for example ) .
he will tell you whether there are any restrictions on the type of insulation that can be used ( urea-formaldehyde foam is not generally recommended in areas [revealed] to severe driving rain , for example ) .

An attractive exposed aggregate look can be created by brushing the surface with a stiff household broom about an hour after initial watering and rolling .
an attractive [revealed] aggregate look can be created by brushing the surface with a stiff household broom about an hour after initial watering and rolling .

Sanding floors : Where old floorboards are very uneven , or you want to leave them exposed and they are badly stained and marked , hire a floor sanding machine .
sanding floors : where old floorboards are very uneven , or you want to leave them [revealed] and they are badly stained and marked , hire a floor sanding machine .

Kevin had exposed the connection with the previous pipe , so the easiest thing to do was to carefully break the pipe at the connector , and cut the other end about 100mm away from the hardcore .
kevin had [revealed] the connection with the previous pipe , so the easiest thing to do was to carefully break the pipe at the connector , and cut the other end about 100mm away from the hardcore .

Visiting a school is so much easier than sitting exposed in the waiting room of a specialist institution .
visiting a school is so much easier than sitting [revealed] in the waiting room of a specialist institution .

The size of the establishment could reasonably be expected to affect the number of young people being exposed to the different recruitment strategies ( although the relative numbers of small employers would also have to be borne in mind ) .
the size of the establishment could reasonably be expected to affect the number of young people being [revealed] to the different recruitment strategies ( although the relative numbers of small employers would also have to be borne in mind ) .

The porch was commissioned by Bishop John Jewel , and its design may have been influenced by the neo-classical architecture to which Jewel had been exposed during his years of exile in Mary 's reign .
the porch was commissioned by bishop john jewel , and its design may have been influenced by the neo-classical architecture to which jewel had been [revealed] during his years of exile in mary 's reign .

In the event , Paris was saved because Galliéni recognized that the moment had come to strike at the Germans when Kluck , wheeling northeast of the city , exposed his right flank to the Sixth Army .
in the event , paris was saved because galliéni recognized that the moment had come to strike at the germans when kluck , wheeling northeast of the city , [revealed] his right flank to the sixth army .

This manoeuvre exposed the Russian Fifth Army 's flank to Auffenberg 's Fourth Army , still advancing northward , so Conrad commanded it to turn about and strike at the left flank of the Russian Third Army .
this manoeuvre [revealed] the russian fifth army 's flank to auffenberg 's fourth army , still advancing northward , so conrad commanded it to turn about and strike at the left flank of the russian third army .

Moreover , the north shore of the strait consisted mainly of steep sandy cliffs , rising from the sea to a height of 30–90m/100–300ft , terrain that provided ideal cover and artillery sites for the Turks , while leaving the invaders perilously exposed .
moreover , the north shore of the strait consisted mainly of steep sandy cliffs , rising from the sea to a height of 30–90m/100–300ft , terrain that provided ideal cover and artillery sites for the turks , while leaving the invaders perilously [revealed] .

This , in turn , exposed the flank of Russian troops in the Carpathians under General Brusilov , and they , too , were obliged to withdraw .
this , in turn , [revealed] the flank of russian troops in the carpathians under general brusilov , and they , too , were obliged to withdraw .

Since at heart these men were friendly to the Slav cause , Allied propaganda claimed that those who were posted to the east were always stationed in the most exposed positions , and at the slightest sign of wavering , or what might be termed ‘ treason ’ , were shot at from the rear .
since at heart these men were friendly to the slav cause , allied propaganda claimed that those who were posted to the east were always stationed in the most [revealed] positions , and at the slightest sign of wavering , or what might be termed ‘ treason ’ , were shot at from the rear .

As Philip Gibbs , correspondent for the London Daily Telegraph who was present at the battles as an observer , wrote : ‘ The suffering of all the German troops , huddled together in exposed places , must be as hideous as anything in the agony of mankind , slashed to bits by storms of shells and urged forward to counter-attacks which they know will be their death .
as philip gibbs , correspondent for the london daily telegraph who was present at the battles as an observer , wrote : ‘ the suffering of all the german troops , huddled together in [revealed] places , must be as hideous as anything in the agony of mankind , slashed to bits by storms of shells and urged forward to counter-attacks which they know will be their death .

Brush out all loose debris and treat exposed soil with a weed killer
brush out all loose debris and treat [revealed] soil with a weed killer

For larger areas of damage where soil is exposed , ram rubble into any soft areas , taking it at least 25mm below the path surface
for larger areas of damage where soil is [revealed] , ram rubble into any soft areas , taking it at least 25mm below the path surface

In the absence of any agreement with your neighbour , you will not have any rights to carry out repairs or general maintenance works to the exposed face of your wall .
in the absence of any agreement with your neighbour , you will not have any rights to carry out repairs or general maintenance works to the [revealed] face of your wall .

It gives the water a greater sense of depth , and if a bit of liner does become exposed it does n't look so conspicuous .
it gives the water a greater sense of depth , and if a bit of liner does become [revealed] it does n't look so conspicuous .

Make sure all exposed pipes are lagged with insulating bandage or foam tubes .
make sure all [revealed] pipes are lagged with insulating bandage or foam tubes .

In practice , very few Romanians would have recognized Valentin Ceauşescu before his family was exposed to public denunciation after his parents ' fall .
in practice , very few romanians would have recognized valentin ceauşescu before his family was [revealed] to public denunciation after his parents ' fall .

’ One such obsolete mentality was religion , which scientists sponsored by Elena Ceauşescu had exposed as a delusion caused by neurological disorders , and which could be cured by simple surgical interventions into the brains of believers .
’ one such obsolete mentality was religion , which scientists sponsored by elena ceauşescu had [revealed] as a delusion caused by neurological disorders , and which could be cured by simple surgical interventions into the brains of believers .

During the years 11 to 16 pupils will be exposed increasingly to works not written specifically or exclusively for their age group .
during the years 11 to 16 pupils will be [revealed] increasingly to works not written specifically or exclusively for their age group .

Pupils exposed to this type of participatory , exploratory approach to literature can acquire a firm foundation from which to proceed to more formal literary responses , should they subsequently choose to do so .
pupils [revealed] to this type of participatory , exploratory approach to literature can acquire a firm foundation from which to proceed to more formal literary responses , should they subsequently choose to do so .

Getting started on the groove is tricky , then good but spaced holds lead up and left to more exposed rock .
getting started on the groove is tricky , then good but spaced holds lead up and left to more [revealed] rock .

Today the very exposed 4b traverse on the former requires a cool head and skilful ropework and the top pitch of the latter will make many a leader sweat with mental and physical effort .
today the very [revealed] 4b traverse on the former requires a cool head and skilful ropework and the top pitch of the latter will make many a leader sweat with mental and physical effort .

This vast , sepia-toned tableland of peat hags , weather-worn boulders , groughs , heather , cottongrass and exposed bedrock , which is sandy in places , can be a wild and unforgiving place in bad weather .
this vast , sepia-toned tableland of peat hags , weather-worn boulders , groughs , heather , cottongrass and [revealed] bedrock , which is sandy in places , can be a wild and unforgiving place in bad weather .

Below Grains , the River Alport threads a sinuous trail through Alport Dale and offers a fascinating mixture of rockpools , waterslides , exposed bedrock and two fine waterfalls .
below grains , the river alport threads a sinuous trail through alport dale and offers a fascinating mixture of rockpools , waterslides , [revealed] bedrock and two fine waterfalls .

The 12-pounder exposed on a turntable mounting , the mortars and the oerlikons all fired at the flashes of German guns , as did the commandos in the MLs , firing brens in a pre-arranged fire-plan that helped conserve ammunition .
the 12-pounder [revealed] on a turntable mounting , the mortars and the oerlikons all fired at the flashes of german guns , as did the commandos in the mls , firing brens in a pre-arranged fire-plan that helped conserve ammunition .

However , the effective force was soon down to 50 men : their issue shorts exposed men to malaria mosquitoes , and as the quinine powder had to be taken rolled in a cigarette paper — an anti-malaria dose many men dodged — illness spread quickly .
however , the effective force was soon down to 50 men : their issue shorts [revealed] men to malaria mosquitoes , and as the quinine powder had to be taken rolled in a cigarette paper — an anti-malaria dose many men dodged — illness spread quickly .

The corporal lay that afternoon among hot stones on an exposed and open slope , his skin scorched by the stones ; nevertheless , he stayed flat to the ground and escaped being captured or shot .
the corporal lay that afternoon among hot stones on an [revealed] and open slope , his skin scorched by the stones ; nevertheless , he stayed flat to the ground and escaped being captured or shot .

Brush liberally on to the exposed wood until the soft wood fibres are saturated .
brush liberally on to the [revealed] wood until the soft wood fibres are saturated .

All toilet pans are made from vitreous china , and if the cistern is exposed , this will often be vitreous china as well .
all toilet pans are made from vitreous china , and if the cistern is [revealed] , this will often be vitreous china as well .

You may not be able to match brick exactly , because facing bricks wo n't be suitable for an exposed garden wall , but a close match is usually possible .
you may not be able to match brick exactly , because facing bricks wo n't be suitable for an [revealed] garden wall , but a close match is usually possible .

Good for exposed positions .
good for [revealed] positions .

Robin-Anne had her mother 's fair hair , so fair that it looked bleached , and she had her mother 's delicate good looks etched on to a face so pale that it seemed as though her skin must burn if it was exposed to anything more powerful than a light bulb .
robin-anne had her mother 's fair hair , so fair that it looked bleached , and she had her mother 's delicate good looks etched on to a face so pale that it seemed as though her skin must burn if it was [revealed] to anything more powerful than a light bulb .

Old paintings that have gold or silver in them and are on gesso ground are often found with the gold leaf or gilding scraped off down to the ground and the exposed gesso painted .
old paintings that have gold or silver in them and are on gesso ground are often found with the gold leaf or gilding scraped off down to the ground and the [revealed] gesso painted .

The counteroffensive launched by the industrial bourgeoisie with the aid of the state , however , exposed the fragility of the position of semiskilled workers ; despite their strategic position in the production process , without support of skilled sections they could not halt production .
the counteroffensive launched by the industrial bourgeoisie with the aid of the state , however , [revealed] the fragility of the position of semiskilled workers ; despite their strategic position in the production process , without support of skilled sections they could not halt production .

Unemployment exposed more effectively than Labour 's pragmatic programme the sectional basis of the Alliance appeal , and the potentially harsh realities of ‘ efficiency and economy ’ in public expenditure .
unemployment [revealed] more effectively than labour 's pragmatic programme the sectional basis of the alliance appeal , and the potentially harsh realities of ‘ efficiency and economy ’ in public expenditure .

The extensive , systematic and ‘ unalterable ’ inequalities between different groups ' economic muscle and political influence are exposed .
the extensive , systematic and ‘ unalterable ’ inequalities between different groups ' economic muscle and political influence are [revealed] .

The Company got on as well with the local population as any European settlers anywhere in the world , but it was very exposed to attacks from New France .
the company got on as well with the local population as any european settlers anywhere in the world , but it was very [revealed] to attacks from new france .

By the end of the seventeenth century the Anglican church in England was developing institutions to serve American needs : the Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge was launched in 1699 and the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts in 1701 so that the established church could help its brothers in the colonies who were exposed to much more competition from other Protestants .
by the end of the seventeenth century the anglican church in england was developing institutions to serve american needs : the society for the propagation of christian knowledge was launched in 1699 and the society for the propagation of the gospel in foreign parts in 1701 so that the established church could help its brothers in the colonies who were [revealed] to much more competition from other protestants .

So it was not surprising that George found that nobody would accept the dangerously exposed position of Prime Minister and that Pitt was indispensable even though he had no majority in the Commons .
so it was not surprising that george found that nobody would accept the dangerously [revealed] position of prime minister and that pitt was indispensable even though he had no majority in the commons .

The former lovers of the men were often compromised in such stories , while the former male lovers of women are never similarly exposed .
the former lovers of the men were often compromised in such stories , while the former male lovers of women are never similarly [revealed] .

At the initial training level , we now find an insistence that all teachers in training must be exposed to a compulsory component concerned with meeting special needs in the ordinary school .
at the initial training level , we now find an insistence that all teachers in training must be [revealed] to a compulsory component concerned with meeting special needs in the ordinary school .

Nevertheless it is necessary to use some specialised terminology in order to define pupils who have little or no sight , so that their needs can be realistically exposed and appropriately met .
nevertheless it is necessary to use some specialised terminology in order to define pupils who have little or no sight , so that their needs can be realistically [revealed] and appropriately met .

In fact , the fibreglass decor was artificially aged by being exposed in the desert for a week before fitting , by the first owners , emigrants from Europe who had reason to foresee the nostalgia boom .
in fact , the fibreglass decor was artificially aged by being [revealed] in the desert for a week before fitting , by the first owners , emigrants from europe who had reason to foresee the nostalgia boom .

The award of the Nobel prize to Rigoberta Menchu means that Guatemala is exposed to international scrutiny in a way it has never been exposed before .
the award of the nobel prize to rigoberta menchu means that guatemala is [revealed] to international scrutiny in a way it has never been [revealed] before .

At the major shows , winners are often exposed to the glare of television lights , and expected to parade for the cameras as well , before journeying back home after a long day .
at the major shows , winners are often [revealed] to the glare of television lights , and expected to parade for the cameras as well , before journeying back home after a long day .

Take particular care not to leave live electrical flexes trailing in an exposed position or even behind a chair where the puppy could conceal itself .
take particular care not to leave live electrical flexes trailing in an [revealed] position or even behind a chair where the puppy could conceal itself .

The cuckoo , especially the male when singing , spends a great deal of time sitting on exposed perches , making it particularly vulnerable .
the cuckoo , especially the male when singing , spends a great deal of time sitting on [revealed] perches , making it particularly vulnerable .

The cocoon is formed by layers of parchment-like skin tissue , which completely envelops the frog , leaving only its nostrils exposed .
the cocoon is formed by layers of parchment-like skin tissue , which completely envelops the frog , leaving only its nostrils [revealed] .

They now have to resort to narrow and exposed ledges , and the shoulders of the mountain , where the continuous high winds prevent a thick cover of snow from settling .
they now have to resort to narrow and [revealed] ledges , and the shoulders of the mountain , where the continuous high winds prevent a thick cover of snow from settling .

Inside , the pretty cushions and curtains , exposed beams , inglenook fireplace , log burners and freshly cut flowers ( beautifully arranged by a friend ) contribute to Whittles ' delightful ‘ cottagey ’ atmosphere .
inside , the pretty cushions and curtains , [revealed] beams , inglenook fireplace , log burners and freshly cut flowers ( beautifully arranged by a friend ) contribute to whittles ' delightful ‘ cottagey ’ atmosphere .

Exposed rafters , wall-to-wall pine panelling and the extensive use of beech and oak endow it with a warmth that is too often absent from modern architecture .
[revealed] rafters , wall-to-wall pine panelling and the extensive use of beech and oak endow it with a warmth that is too often absent from modern architecture .

It retains several distinctive features such as a mighty stone spiral staircase , heavy wooden shutters ( which may have doubled as combat shields ) , a greenstone fireplace , and exposed roof timbers .
it retains several distinctive features such as a mighty stone spiral staircase , heavy wooden shutters ( which may have doubled as combat shields ) , a greenstone fireplace , and [revealed] roof timbers .

The old crypt , with its exposed beam ceiling , is now used as a library .
the old crypt , with its [revealed] beam ceiling , is now used as a library .

Today after much restoration work by its proprietors , Gill and John Wilding , it is a warm , intimate and happily intemperate hotel with exposed beams and inglenook fireplaces adding considerable character .
today after much restoration work by its proprietors , gill and john wilding , it is a warm , intimate and happily intemperate hotel with [revealed] beams and inglenook fireplaces adding considerable character .

There are pretty front and back gardens , roses growing round the front entrance , and inside , lots of exposed beams .
there are pretty front and back gardens , roses growing round the front entrance , and inside , lots of [revealed] beams .

The main building is Georgian with very attractive exposed brickwork , beamed ceilings and oak panelling .
the main building is georgian with very attractive [revealed] brickwork , beamed ceilings and oak panelling .

The Nutcracker suite in this charming 17th-century inn is so called because the low-ceilinged doorway has an exposed beam which has caught out the unwary and cracked a few heads in its time .
the nutcracker suite in this charming 17th-century inn is so called because the low-ceilinged doorway has an [revealed] beam which has caught out the unwary and cracked a few heads in its time .

The wrecks are less exposed to the weather than they might be , lying in the lee of a hill called , improbably , Mount Sutlej .
the wrecks are less [revealed] to the weather than they might be , lying in the lee of a hill called , improbably , mount sutlej .

Only scavvy and looter gangs roamed the accumulated choking filth of that undercity — where , mostly buried under debris , but sometimes still exposed , antique ports had been welded shut millennia ago .
only scavvy and looter gangs roamed the accumulated choking filth of that undercity — where , mostly buried under debris , but sometimes still [revealed] , antique ports had been welded shut millennia ago .

Below his goggle-visor his nose and mouth were exposed , though .
below his goggle-visor his nose and mouth were [revealed] , though .

Still , our body is relatively exposed …
still , our body is relatively [revealed] …

Many Kark troopers and vehicles were left exposed , yet what of that ? The advancing Imperial Fists , and their surviving Land Raiders and Rhinos , were soon likewise denuded of any significant cover — whereupon the Warlord Titans opened fire from their lofty eminence to rake the terrain with laser beams , heat-beams , plasma , and cannon shells .
many kark troopers and vehicles were left [revealed] , yet what of that ? the advancing imperial fists , and their surviving land raiders and rhinos , were soon likewise denuded of any significant cover — whereupon the warlord titans opened fire from their lofty eminence to rake the terrain with laser beams , heat-beams , plasma , and cannon shells .

Land Raiders closest to the exposed Warlord redoubled their efforts , scalpelling away at its right knee-joint just above the fairing .
land raiders closest to the [revealed] warlord redoubled their efforts , scalpelling away at its right knee-joint just above the fairing .

They were interested in an object to which they had not before been exposed .
they were interested in an object to which they had not before been [revealed] .

’ Holly saw the streak of the blade exposed by a fold of the blanket .
’ holly saw the streak of the blade [revealed] by a fold of the blanket .

( Any weakness in management is , therefore , more likely to be exposed by the use of sub-contract labour . )
( any weakness in management is , therefore , more likely to be [revealed] by the use of sub-contract labour . )

Although of little importance in most parts of the United Kingdom , prevailing wind and rainfall may be a very important consideration when developing exposed sites , near the coast or in the Highlands of Scotland and the Western Isles .
although of little importance in most parts of the united kingdom , prevailing wind and rainfall may be a very important consideration when developing [revealed] sites , near the coast or in the highlands of scotland and the western isles .

Wind speeds are accelerated in valleys and building in exposed locations can invite structural damage both during and after construction .
wind speeds are accelerated in valleys and building in [revealed] locations can invite structural damage both during and after construction .

He was standing on the exposed rocks at the highest point of the headland ; the ground fell away steeply from here , mostly bare rock and scrub , with just a narrow shelf of land that was almost a beach down at the water 's edge .
he was standing on the [revealed] rocks at the highest point of the headland ; the ground fell away steeply from here , mostly bare rock and scrub , with just a narrow shelf of land that was almost a beach down at the water 's edge .

This had given a couple of extra feet of clearance , but it had also left the steel ends of the support joists exposed .
this had given a couple of extra feet of clearance , but it had also left the steel ends of the support joists [revealed] .

Over the bath , which stood on four , clawed , brass feet and contained a puddle of grit-flecked water in which floated a small plastic submarine from a packet of cereal , was a large geyser , the exposed metal of which had turned green with the years .
over the bath , which stood on four , clawed , brass feet and contained a puddle of grit-flecked water in which floated a small plastic submarine from a packet of cereal , was a large geyser , the [revealed] metal of which had turned green with the years .

They skirted the edge of the open space , keeping to the borders of woodland which had once been landscaped , and Melanie was grateful , for she would have felt too visible , too exposed out on the sea of grass — a sitting target for some marksman , for the arrow of any figure in Lincoln green who might be flitting among the mossy trunks .
they skirted the edge of the open space , keeping to the borders of woodland which had once been landscaped , and melanie was grateful , for she would have felt too visible , too [revealed] out on the sea of grass — a sitting target for some marksman , for the arrow of any figure in lincoln green who might be flitting among the mossy trunks .

The early-morning sun dappled their exposed shoulders through swaying fish-tail palms .
the early-morning sun dappled their [revealed] shoulders through swaying fish-tail palms .

She stepped out of it , naked save for a tiny pair of white lace panties so small that they exposed white patches of skin , luminous against her golden tan .
she stepped out of it , naked save for a tiny pair of white lace panties so small that they [revealed] white patches of skin , luminous against her golden tan .

Now she waited as he probed and cut and then compared what had been exposed against the diagram spread across the double page .
now she waited as he probed and cut and then compared what had been [revealed] against the diagram spread across the double page .

‘ Note how the exposed stratification where the valley falls away resembles a shoreline .
‘ note how the [revealed] stratification where the valley falls away resembles a shoreline .

Other speakers seemed to be relatively exposed to standardizing mainstream influences , in that they had contracted few personal ties which were likely to exert normative pressure on their behaviour ; but in any case the geographical spread of the ties contracted by most Braniel speakers made them difficult to investigate .
other speakers seemed to be relatively [revealed] to standardizing mainstream influences , in that they had contracted few personal ties which were likely to exert normative pressure on their behaviour ; but in any case the geographical spread of the ties contracted by most braniel speakers made them difficult to investigate .

’ They ate with a shared teaspoon out of the tin and she looked at the sardines and condensed milk now exposed between John Donne and Rosa Luxemburg .
’ they ate with a shared teaspoon out of the tin and she looked at the sardines and condensed milk now [revealed] between john donne and rosa luxemburg .

David Bailey , the photographer whose lens pinned the swinging sixties forever to the wall , noted in 1985 that the mini-skirt was directly attributable to Jean Shrimpton 's legs , more of which he exposed with each successive photo session despite Vogue 's initial efforts to airbrush in what he 'd hiked up .
david bailey , the photographer whose lens pinned the swinging sixties forever to the wall , noted in 1985 that the mini-skirt was directly attributable to jean shrimpton 's legs , more of which he [revealed] with each successive photo session despite vogue 's initial efforts to airbrush in what he 'd hiked up .

According to the legend , the sixties were awash with new social freedoms and sexual liberation ; thus , the mini-skirt inched its way ever further from the Plimsoll line of modern respectability — the knee — and in doing so subliminally exposed with the ostensibly gamine , but essentially coy , knock-kneed fashion poses , the easy availability of the female genitalia
according to the legend , the sixties were awash with new social freedoms and sexual liberation ; thus , the mini-skirt inched its way ever further from the plimsoll line of modern respectability — the knee — and in doing so subliminally [revealed] with the ostensibly gamine , but essentially coy , knock-kneed fashion poses , the easy availability of the female genitalia

Pop was no longer a community of youth as it had been in the sixties , nor a means of changing society , but a meaningless marketing exercise which deserved to be exposed for the charade that it was .
pop was no longer a community of youth as it had been in the sixties , nor a means of changing society , but a meaningless marketing exercise which deserved to be [revealed] for the charade that it was .

Such a man shall be exposed to wind and weather , suspended between the high and low tidemarks , from night until morning — so that he may take time to consider his wickedness , and repent … .
such a man shall be [revealed] to wind and weather , suspended between the high and low tidemarks , from night until morning — so that he may take time to consider his wickedness , and repent … .

The Godwinians were not only historically earlier , and therefore more exposed .
the godwinians were not only historically earlier , and therefore more [revealed] .

You will be exposed to comments of the public , the judge , his counsel .
you will be [revealed] to comments of the public , the judge , his counsel .

Hairy and naked , Sam had crouched on the bed feeling exposed and helpless .
hairy and naked , sam had crouched on the bed feeling [revealed] and helpless .

But Miranda felt exposed and lonely .
but miranda felt [revealed] and lonely .

She was virtually helpless , with her legs wide apart , and her vulva utterly defenceless and exposed .
she was virtually helpless , with her legs wide apart , and her vulva utterly defenceless and [revealed] .

She secured him with his genitals helplessly exposed , in a position that men liked to force upon women .
she secured him with his genitals helplessly [revealed] , in a position that men liked to force upon women .

With her hands clasped behind her back , she was fully exposed to any eyes which might look her way .
with her hands clasped behind her back , she was fully [revealed] to any eyes which might look her way .

What if a crowd of soldiers came by to see her bound helpless with her legs spread , and her quim exposed to them .
what if a crowd of soldiers came by to see her bound helpless with her legs spread , and her quim [revealed] to them .

It was an isolated place exposed to every sand-carrying wind .
it was an isolated place [revealed] to every sand-carrying wind .

At present , a very large number of people are exposed to it in one way or another .
at present , a very large number of people are [revealed] to it in one way or another .

His secret smile that just exposed his teeth .
his secret smile that just [revealed] his teeth .

George felt exposed .
george felt [revealed] .

The disastrous naval battle of the Coral Sea on 27 February left Java exposed ; on 9 March the Dutch commander-in-chief surrendered .
the disastrous naval battle of the coral sea on 27 february left java [revealed] ; on 9 march the dutch commander-in-chief surrendered .

Sukarno 's pretensions were criticised by Sjahrir in a manifesto called Perjuangan Kita , ‘ Our Struggle ’ , which exposed the rhetoric of revolutionary nationalism .
sukarno 's pretensions were criticised by sjahrir in a manifesto called perjuangan kita , ‘ our struggle ’ , which [revealed] the rhetoric of revolutionary nationalism .

The colonial government was upbraided for being out of touch ; failing to grasp that the colony had been exposed to liberal ideas from the outside world : ‘ The star of rule through the Chiefs was on the wane ’ , it declared .
the colonial government was upbraided for being out of touch ; failing to grasp that the colony had been [revealed] to liberal ideas from the outside world : ‘ the star of rule through the chiefs was on the wane ’ , it declared .

Those speakers whose ties are weakest are those who approximate least closely to vernacular norms , and are most exposed to pressures for change originating from outside the network .
those speakers whose ties are weakest are those who approximate least closely to vernacular norms , and are most [revealed] to pressures for change originating from outside the network .

Chapter 1 made clear that British manufacturing was coming under increasing international competition and that its weaknesses were being exposed .
chapter 1 made clear that british manufacturing was coming under increasing international competition and that its weaknesses were being [revealed] .

The Guérignys ’ smallholding on the edge of the village of Préfleur had fallen into dilapidation ; the roof of the red , herring-bone-brick house and stabling had caved in , leaving the ribs exposed and the heart shattered .
the guérignys ’ smallholding on the edge of the village of préfleur had fallen into dilapidation ; the roof of the red , herring-bone-brick house and stabling had caved in , leaving the ribs [revealed] and the heart shattered .

Mining in those areas occurred initially on the exposed fields in the area between Leeds and Derby , and it gradually shifted eastwards , as improvements in technology allowed deeper pits to be sunk , onto the concealed deposits .
mining in those areas occurred initially on the [revealed] fields in the area between leeds and derby , and it gradually shifted eastwards , as improvements in technology allowed deeper pits to be sunk , onto the concealed deposits .

The moral dimension of the ambivalence surrounding regulatory control is most clearly exposed by regulatory rule-breaking .
the moral dimension of the ambivalence surrounding regulatory control is most clearly [revealed] by regulatory rule-breaking .

‘ Mr. Bonanza did n't feel that Miss Fraser should be exposed to a lot of publicity in her physical condition .
‘ mr. bonanza did n't feel that miss fraser should be [revealed] to a lot of publicity in her physical condition .

It is not an architectural town , for it has no real monuments , bar a sixteenth-century house facing the vaulted market-building in the centre whose exposed timbers are carved all over with fleurs-de-lis .
it is not an architectural town , for it has no real monuments , bar a sixteenth-century house facing the vaulted market-building in the centre whose [revealed] timbers are carved all over with fleurs-de-lis .

Although it 's naïvété and many internal contradictions and evasions were easily exposed by its critics ( Chivers , 1987 ) , it is arguable that Swann put multiculturalism and at least weak versions of antiracism on the national educational agenda .
although it 's naïvété and many internal contradictions and evasions were easily [revealed] by its critics ( chivers , 1987 ) , it is arguable that swann put multiculturalism and at least weak versions of antiracism on the national educational agenda .

In one of the tombs we peered through a dark gap and saw a broken mummy lying exposed at the bottom of a shaft .
in one of the tombs we peered through a dark gap and saw a broken mummy lying [revealed] at the bottom of a shaft .

The bland self-satisfaction of the shipowners and their refusal to accept the need for reforms of any kind had been familiar enough to Samuel Plimsoll and other friends of the merchant seamen and exposed in the House of Commons for upwards of half a century .
the bland self-satisfaction of the shipowners and their refusal to accept the need for reforms of any kind had been familiar enough to samuel plimsoll and other friends of the merchant seamen and [revealed] in the house of commons for upwards of half a century .

There were alarming stories from a French colleague who had first been made to pay an exorbitant `` import duty `` for bringing his film stock into the country — and then , on his eventual departure , three times as much again for `` export duty `` because , it was argued , exposed film was clearly much more valuable than virgin film .
there were alarming stories from a french colleague who had first been made to pay an exorbitant `` import duty `` for bringing his film stock into the country — and then , on his eventual departure , three times as much again for `` export duty `` because , it was argued , [revealed] film was clearly much more valuable than virgin film .

An even grimmer tale came from an Australian team which , on leaving the country after hazardous months of filming the interior , helplessly watched officials open every can of their exposed film to establish that they were not smuggling .
an even grimmer tale came from an australian team which , on leaving the country after hazardous months of filming the interior , helplessly watched officials open every can of their [revealed] film to establish that they were not smuggling .

We are also exposed to the rhythms of our village of Pengosekan , and its remarkable community of healers , farmers , mystics and artists .
we are also [revealed] to the rhythms of our village of pengosekan , and its remarkable community of healers , farmers , mystics and artists .

The machine-based fundament of modern civilisation has emancipated even those most exposed to severance from the requirements of life ; broader and less mutilated existence become a viable possibility .
the machine-based fundament of modern civilisation has emancipated even those most [revealed] to severance from the requirements of life ; broader and less mutilated existence become a viable possibility .

Each rod or cone contains a photo-sensitive pigment and the changes this undergoes when exposed to light cause a signal to be passed to nerve cells at the front of the retina .
each rod or cone contains a photo-sensitive pigment and the changes this undergoes when [revealed] to light cause a signal to be passed to nerve cells at the front of the retina .

This is produced by an enzyme system which gives off light when exposed to oxygen and is a vastly more efficient process than that used by us to create artificial light .
this is produced by an enzyme system which gives off light when [revealed] to oxygen and is a vastly more efficient process than that used by us to create artificial light .

This is probably because , locked in the artificial environment of a city in winter , they are exposed to insufficient natural light for their master clock to synchronise its cycle with that of the sun , and so their `` day `` grows longer .
this is probably because , locked in the artificial environment of a city in winter , they are [revealed] to insufficient natural light for their master clock to synchronise its cycle with that of the sun , and so their `` day `` grows longer .

For part of the day it is pounded by water and for the rest of the time it is exposed to the desiccating heat of the sun or the bitter cold of night .
for part of the day it is pounded by water and for the rest of the time it is [revealed] to the desiccating heat of the sun or the bitter cold of night .

Once every fifteen days , during the strong spring tides , areas normally immersed in water are briefly exposed to the air .
once every fifteen days , during the strong spring tides , areas normally immersed in water are briefly [revealed] to the air .

And there was Winifred , who had tried to teach her son her own form of passive resistance to Bill 's rage and had only , perhaps she now thought , exposed him to a homosexual religious maniac .
and there was winifred , who had tried to teach her son her own form of passive resistance to bill 's rage and had only , perhaps she now thought , [revealed] him to a homosexual religious maniac .

She was aware that this process exposed first her buttocks and then her breasts , fleetingly , to Crowe , who had seen them and more than seen them , already , but not in circumstances either of them , she took it , cared to remember .
she was aware that this process [revealed] first her buttocks and then her breasts , fleetingly , to crowe , who had seen them and more than seen them , already , but not in circumstances either of them , she took it , cared to remember .

The plants from countries with hot dry summers tend to put their roots down very deeply into the soil , especially if they are growing in rocky soil on exposed `` hillsides , so containers with as much depth as possible are advisable .
the plants from countries with hot dry summers tend to put their roots down very deeply into the soil , especially if they are growing in rocky soil on [revealed] `` hillsides , so containers with as much depth as possible are advisable .

Decide on your herbs , and then find out what kind of soil they need — moist , heavy and deep , or dry , well-drained and short of plant food ; also whether they do best in sun or a little shade , with shelter , or exposed to some wind , and whether they are immune to cold , or need cosseting and protection .
decide on your herbs , and then find out what kind of soil they need — moist , heavy and deep , or dry , well-drained and short of plant food ; also whether they do best in sun or a little shade , with shelter , or [revealed] to some wind , and whether they are immune to cold , or need cosseting and protection .

It is a native plant of the Mediterranean maquis , that area on the hillsides of dry , rocky soil , exposed to blazing sun , with little rainfall , and that mainly in winter , which is host to herbs , sub-shrubs , bulbs and quickly-seeding annuals .
it is a native plant of the mediterranean maquis , that area on the hillsides of dry , rocky soil , [revealed] to blazing sun , with little rainfall , and that mainly in winter , which is host to herbs , sub-shrubs , bulbs and quickly-seeding annuals .

When alphabetic material it exposed in the right field alone , the two tendencies will be acting together .
when alphabetic material it [revealed] in the right field alone , the two tendencies will be acting together .

When , however , it is exposed in the left field alone , the tendency to move the eyes at the beginning of the line ( presumably the dominant one ) would be in conflict with the tendency to move the eyes from left to right .
when , however , it is [revealed] in the left field alone , the tendency to move the eyes at the beginning of the line ( presumably the dominant one ) would be in conflict with the tendency to move the eyes from left to right .

Heron was then able to explain his results by supposing that the neural traces corresponding to the tachistoscopically exposed stimuli are processed in the same way .
heron was then able to explain his results by supposing that the neural traces corresponding to the tachistoscopically [revealed] stimuli are processed in the same way .

conclude on the basis of recent work on tachistoscopic word recognition that , at least with single-syllable words exposed one at a time to left or right visual hemifield , artefacts due to directional scanning contribute little if anything to hemifield asymmetry .
conclude on the basis of recent work on tachistoscopic word recognition that , at least with single-syllable words [revealed] one at a time to left or right visual hemifield , artefacts due to directional scanning contribute little if anything to hemifield asymmetry .

Since a right visual field advantage was still found when the word in the right field was exposed 20 msecs .
since a right visual field advantage was still found when the word in the right field was [revealed] 20 msecs .

Since electrical stimulation of the exposed cortex of one hemisphere can induce a deviation in eye gaze towards the opposite side ( Penfield and Roberts , 1959 ) it is conceivable that naturally occurring lateral eye movements reflect , at least in some circumstances , asymmetrical activity in the two hemispheres .
since electrical stimulation of the [revealed] cortex of one hemisphere can induce a deviation in eye gaze towards the opposite side ( penfield and roberts , 1959 ) it is conceivable that naturally occurring lateral eye movements reflect , at least in some circumstances , asymmetrical activity in the two hemispheres .

The work of Foerster in mapping the human brain by electrical stimulation of the exposed cortex was developed and extended by his pupil Penfield and associates , culminating in the monograph by Penfield and Roberts ( 1959 ) .
the work of foerster in mapping the human brain by electrical stimulation of the [revealed] cortex was developed and extended by his pupil penfield and associates , culminating in the monograph by penfield and roberts ( 1959 ) .

Satz ( 1977 ) has exposed the folly on probabilistic grounds of inferring right sided speech dominance in an individual with a left-sided ear advantage .
satz ( 1977 ) has [revealed] the folly on probabilistic grounds of inferring right sided speech dominance in an individual with a left-sided ear advantage .

Specifically , for the verbal task , subjects had to report 3-letter nonsense syllables presented in either the left or right hemifield and , for the spatial task , they had to locate the position of a dot in a rectangle exposed within one or other visual field .
specifically , for the verbal task , subjects had to report 3-letter nonsense syllables presented in either the left or right hemifield and , for the spatial task , they had to locate the position of a dot in a rectangle [revealed] within one or other visual field .

Electrical stimulation of the exposed cortex in a small group of patients has been reported to disrupt production of single oral-facial movements at exactly the same electrode sites that produce speech arrest during naming of objects .
electrical stimulation of the [revealed] cortex in a small group of patients has been reported to disrupt production of single oral-facial movements at exactly the same electrode sites that produce speech arrest during naming of objects .

These are all the potential problems we are exposed to in the twentieth century .
these are all the potential problems we are [revealed] to in the twentieth century .

If anything , the metabolism of the obese becomes more sluggish when exposed to the cold .
if anything , the metabolism of the obese becomes more sluggish when [revealed] to the cold .

The more they are exposed to it , the more they are likely to acquire .
the more they are [revealed] to it , the more they are likely to acquire .

The first batch of five coolies were flung face downward in the red dirt , and under the direction of the burly figure of Phat , half a dozen of his subordinates began lashing at the exposed soles of their bare feet .
the first batch of five coolies were flung face downward in the red dirt , and under the direction of the burly figure of phat , half a dozen of his subordinates began lashing at the [revealed] soles of their bare feet .

Bismarck exposed Palmerston 's boast when he annexed Schleswig and Holstein in 1864 amid anguished but inconsequential talk of British intervention .
bismarck [revealed] palmerston 's boast when he annexed schleswig and holstein in 1864 amid anguished but inconsequential talk of british intervention .

In Massachusetts , Osborne ( 1977 ) found differences in the reproductive patterns on exposed and sheltered shores .
in massachusetts , osborne ( 1977 ) found differences in the reproductive patterns on [revealed] and sheltered shores .

In shelter , the juveniles showed two full seasons ' growth before reaching maturity and breeding at the age of 3 ( as established by Moore and Feare for British Nucella ) but in exposed sites there was only one full season 's growth and the dog-whelks bred at the age of 2 .
in shelter , the juveniles showed two full seasons ' growth before reaching maturity and breeding at the age of 3 ( as established by moore and feare for british nucella ) but in [revealed] sites there was only one full season 's growth and the dog-whelks bred at the age of 2 .

Juveniles dominated the exposed shore and she thought few adults survived more than two years .
juveniles dominated the [revealed] shore and she thought few adults survived more than two years .

( a ) summer aggregations ( appearing during the period from May to October ) form on the open rock surface of exposed shores .
( a ) summer aggregations ( appearing during the period from may to october ) form on the open rock surface of [revealed] shores .

Form 13 occurred on exposed shores , and form 18 in shelter ; leaving the intermediates on shores of intermediate exposure .
form 13 occurred on [revealed] shores , and form 18 in shelter ; leaving the intermediates on shores of intermediate exposure .

There was a greater preponderance and variety of coloured shells at exposed sites and she regarded the white colour of sheltered enclaves as an adaptation to resist high temperatures .
there was a greater preponderance and variety of coloured shells at [revealed] sites and she regarded the white colour of sheltered enclaves as an adaptation to resist high temperatures .

12 that banded shells are commoner on exposed shores ( r = 0.33 + 0.05 ) .
12 that banded shells are commoner on [revealed] shores ( r = 0.33 + 0.05 ) .

Osborne ( 1977 ) found that sheltered shore animals grew faster to reach their larger size compared to those from exposed shores .
osborne ( 1977 ) found that sheltered shore animals grew faster to reach their larger size compared to those from [revealed] shores .

As exposed shores are frequently subjected to almost continual spray this may not be critical .
as [revealed] shores are frequently subjected to almost continual spray this may not be critical .

without the genes for this shell-shape ; thus , regardless of the selection pressures , the `` normal `` exposed form can not occur .
without the genes for this shell-shape ; thus , regardless of the selection pressures , the `` normal `` [revealed] form can not occur .

These enclaves do show a sequential change in shell shape from exposed to sheltered sites : but the variation is from 1.35 to 1.60 ( Crothers , 1985 ) .
these enclaves do show a sequential change in shell shape from [revealed] to sheltered sites : but the variation is from 1.35 to 1.60 ( crothers , 1985 ) .

They would then be exposed before the kinsmen , complete with presents such as metal dishes , tools and beads given by their captors , to demonstrate that they were still in one piece , and even being treated well .
they would then be [revealed] before the kinsmen , complete with presents such as metal dishes , tools and beads given by their captors , to demonstrate that they were still in one piece , and even being treated well .

One item not suitable for an Apple Snail tank is a filter with exposed foam .
one item not suitable for an apple snail tank is a filter with [revealed] foam .

This feature is also evident in their natural habitat ; they are found most often in areas which are not exposed to strong currents , except perhaps briefly when the tide turns .
this feature is also evident in their natural habitat ; they are found most often in areas which are not [revealed] to strong currents , except perhaps briefly when the tide turns .

If more than 24 frames are exposed each second , the projected movement appears slower ( slow motion ) .
if more than 24 frames are [revealed] each second , the projected movement appears slower ( slow motion ) .

If only one frame at a time is exposed , with a delay in between ( stop motion ) , movement is not so much speeded up as created artificially : this is the basic principle of animation in all its forms .
if only one frame at a time is [revealed] , with a delay in between ( stop motion ) , movement is not so much speeded up as created artificially : this is the basic principle of animation in all its forms .

On the second run of the film through the camera or optical printer , the already exposed part is covered and the previously unexposed portion is now exposed to create a composite image consisting of two , or more , previously separate elements .
on the second run of the film through the camera or optical printer , the already [revealed] part is covered and the previously unexposed portion is now [revealed] to create a composite image consisting of two , or more , previously separate elements .

The negative , containing the latent image of the figure but otherwise unexposed , is not yet developed ; instead it is run through the printer again , this time bipacked with the male matte and the positive of the background , the White House The previously unexposed portion of the negative will now contain images of this background , while the previously exposed portion , protected by the matte , receives no more light and is unaffected by the second run .
the negative , containing the latent image of the figure but otherwise unexposed , is not yet developed ; instead it is run through the printer again , this time bipacked with the male matte and the positive of the background , the white house the previously unexposed portion of the negative will now contain images of this background , while the previously [revealed] portion , protected by the matte , receives no more light and is unaffected by the second run .

We heard that if your body is exposed to constant rapid temperature changes , its mechanisms become stressed and this creates all sorts of problems which can result in breakdown .
we heard that if your body is [revealed] to constant rapid temperature changes , its mechanisms become stressed and this creates all sorts of problems which can result in breakdown .

Liz had never admired , and had at times expressed somewhat freely ( and in her own view wittily ) her lack of response to Henrietta 's frigid style and vapid conversation , but nevertheless felt herself , in Henrietta 's presence , rendered almost as dull as Henrietta , and moreover uneasily aware that in other houses , in other milieux , at a distance , in other circles , she had seen Henrietta sparkling , laughing , surrounded by life — vacuous life , feverish small talk , no doubt , but life — a life that froze in Liz as she contemplated her guest 's stiff blue taffeta gown ( this was surely a gown , not a dress , and , not even English , probably French ) , her exposed white bosom , her diamond necklace ( well , probably diamonds , why not ? )
liz had never admired , and had at times expressed somewhat freely ( and in her own view wittily ) her lack of response to henrietta 's frigid style and vapid conversation , but nevertheless felt herself , in henrietta 's presence , rendered almost as dull as henrietta , and moreover uneasily aware that in other houses , in other milieux , at a distance , in other circles , she had seen henrietta sparkling , laughing , surrounded by life — vacuous life , feverish small talk , no doubt , but life — a life that froze in liz as she contemplated her guest 's stiff blue taffeta gown ( this was surely a gown , not a dress , and , not even english , probably french ) , her [revealed] white bosom , her diamond necklace ( well , probably diamonds , why not ? )

The imaginings were so potent that they took wing and rustled round the room , little winged souls , small bird-faced holy ghosts , emanations : the whole room was suddenly dense with the vibration of their rustling , the old-fashioned white tiles with their rounded edges glinted with their reflections , the linoleum shimmered , the kitchen cupboards shook , the morbid whiteness and greenness of the paintwork quivered , the exposed pipes trembled and knocked .
the imaginings were so potent that they took wing and rustled round the room , little winged souls , small bird-faced holy ghosts , emanations : the whole room was suddenly dense with the vibration of their rustling , the old-fashioned white tiles with their rounded edges glinted with their reflections , the linoleum shimmered , the kitchen cupboards shook , the morbid whiteness and greenness of the paintwork quivered , the [revealed] pipes trembled and knocked .

So , if you are going to be exposed to the sun , do n't forget the sun cream .
so , if you are going to be [revealed] to the sun , do n't forget the sun cream .

Sue is convinced that it 's vital for young people to be exposed as early as possible to The Arts and attain a clearer understanding of life as a professional creative person .
sue is convinced that it 's vital for young people to be [revealed] as early as possible to the arts and attain a clearer understanding of life as a professional creative person .

Zeng was deeply affected by being exposed to a wider range of photographic influences and styles during these years , but it took an exhibition of Cartier-Bresson 's work in Peking in 1987 to finally convince him that photographs could actually carry meaning and profundities just as a painting or a piece of music can .
zeng was deeply affected by being [revealed] to a wider range of photographic influences and styles during these years , but it took an exhibition of cartier-bresson 's work in peking in 1987 to finally convince him that photographs could actually carry meaning and profundities just as a painting or a piece of music can .

By such a mechanism , in which family ties played an important part , a relatively rapid ascent was opened up for the younger sons of the prosperous Catalan farmers who must leave the farm to the chosen heir ( the hereu ) ; within a generation a man could make a modest fortune , exposed to the risk of loss as well as the hope of gain .
by such a mechanism , in which family ties played an important part , a relatively rapid ascent was opened up for the younger sons of the prosperous catalan farmers who must leave the farm to the chosen heir ( the hereu ) ; within a generation a man could make a modest fortune , [revealed] to the risk of loss as well as the hope of gain .

Suddenly the French Revolution destroyed the premise of the system ; the war against France ( 1793–5 ) exposed the weakness of Spain 's position in Europe — incapacity to resist a French invasion .
suddenly the french revolution destroyed the premise of the system ; the war against france ( 1793–5 ) [revealed] the weakness of spain 's position in europe — incapacity to resist a french invasion .

Hence he never bothered to devote much time to Spanish affairs ; wishful thinking and ignorance exposed his views on the value of Spain to a series of disillusionments .
hence he never bothered to devote much time to spanish affairs ; wishful thinking and ignorance [revealed] his views on the value of spain to a series of disillusionments .

In Oviedo an infuriated mob was only prevented from lynching the distinguished poet Meléndez Valdés by the appearance of priests with the exposed host .
in oviedo an infuriated mob was only prevented from lynching the distinguished poet meléndez valdés by the appearance of priests with the [revealed] host .

It was the wars of the French Revolution and Napoleon which first drove the colonials to independent action ; war exposed the impotence of Spain as an imperial power and revealed her incapacity to supply her colonies with merchandise .
it was the wars of the french revolution and napoleon which first drove the colonials to independent action ; war [revealed] the impotence of spain as an imperial power and revealed her incapacity to supply her colonies with merchandise .

One , marked by relatively high values for succinic acid , is found predominantly in northern Europe , though it also occurs with lower succinic acid contents in Miocene formations exposed on the banks of the river Bazeu in Rumania .
one , marked by relatively high values for succinic acid , is found predominantly in northern europe , though it also occurs with lower succinic acid contents in miocene formations [revealed] on the banks of the river bazeu in rumania .

It was only as shore jet ceased to meet increasing demands that recourse was had to outcrops exposed on hillsides in the interior .
it was only as shore jet ceased to meet increasing demands that recourse was had to outcrops [revealed] on hillsides in the interior .

In the meantime his lady was exposed to public gaze seated in her chair at a great open window .
in the meantime his lady was [revealed] to public gaze seated in her chair at a great open window .

Next there is the instinct that it is contrary to fair play to put the accused in a position where he is exposed to punishment whatever he does .
next there is the instinct that it is contrary to fair play to put the accused in a position where he is [revealed] to punishment whatever he does .

It fully exposed her backwardness — military , economic , social , administrative .
it fully [revealed] her backwardness — military , economic , social , administrative .

They were highly skilled , exceptionally well paid , often drawn from non-peasant and non-worker backgrounds , and by the nature of their work were exposed to liberal literature and enjoyed a relatively close relationship with liberal intelligenty .
they were highly skilled , exceptionally well paid , often drawn from non-peasant and non-worker backgrounds , and by the nature of their work were [revealed] to liberal literature and enjoyed a relatively close relationship with liberal intelligenty .

Zubatov 's experiments before 1905 had already exposed the impossibility of creating workers ' organizations without affecting the political order .
zubatov 's experiments before 1905 had already [revealed] the impossibility of creating workers ' organizations without affecting the political order .

From the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries , the educated élite became exposed to a heady concoction of western romantic , Idealist , and socialist ideas .
from the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries , the educated élite became [revealed] to a heady concoction of western romantic , idealist , and socialist ideas .

When the going got rough the brothers usually sent a deputy to face the unpleasant hostility to which they would be exposed .
when the going got rough the brothers usually sent a deputy to face the unpleasant hostility to which they would be [revealed] .

Others are more dangerous in low water , because rocks become exposed in the channel .
others are more dangerous in low water , because rocks become [revealed] in the channel .

He may have been West Midlands Chief Constable when it 's squad was exposed for its creative-writing skills , but he was not to blame .
he may have been west midlands chief constable when it 's squad was [revealed] for its creative-writing skills , but he was not to blame .

For if we assume that there is much in prisons that will not bear being exposed ( and if not , why keep it secret ? )
for if we assume that there is much in prisons that will not bear being [revealed] ( and if not , why keep it secret ? )

On the other hand , if greater visibility should lead to prisoners being better treated ( for fear of abuse being exposed ) then visibility rather than secrecy could help to defuse the crisis .
on the other hand , if greater visibility should lead to prisoners being better treated ( for fear of abuse being [revealed] ) then visibility rather than secrecy could help to defuse the crisis .

In the Netherlands , Downes ( 1999 : 91 ) has suggested that one of the factors explaining the remarkably liberal judicial attitudes towards imprisonment is the strong influence of criminological thinking ( including the results of empirical studies ) as to the effectiveness of imprisonment , to which all Dutch judges are routinely exposed in the course of their legal training .
in the netherlands , downes ( 1999 : 91 ) has suggested that one of the factors explaining the remarkably liberal judicial attitudes towards imprisonment is the strong influence of criminological thinking ( including the results of empirical studies ) as to the effectiveness of imprisonment , to which all dutch judges are routinely [revealed] in the course of their legal training .

This is true , of course , in so far as it means that no contemporary authors were going to write stories about a single murderer being exposed when lawlessness was rife and human life generally seen as of little account .
this is true , of course , in so far as it means that no contemporary authors were going to write stories about a single murderer being [revealed] when lawlessness was rife and human life generally seen as of little account .

The mirror in their tatty hotel suite exposed that delusion .
the mirror in their tatty hotel suite [revealed] that delusion .

The Doctor immediately threw his weight into the steering wheel and floored the accelerator , sending the battered car down the street at a lopsided angle , the exposed wheel hub throwing up a constant stream of sparks .
the doctor immediately threw his weight into the steering wheel and floored the accelerator , sending the battered car down the street at a lopsided angle , the [revealed] wheel hub throwing up a constant stream of sparks .

‘ How many more of you are- ’ he broke off with a stifled gasp as a hand clutched the skin exposed at the side of his neck by his wide and unbuttoned collar , and he folded to the ground .
‘ how many more of you are- ’ he broke off with a stifled gasp as a hand clutched the skin [revealed] at the side of his neck by his wide and unbuttoned collar , and he folded to the ground .

Rostov felt as if there was a bare exposed place between his shoulder blades .
rostov felt as if there was a bare [revealed] place between his shoulder blades .

Why had her methods been exposed ?
why had her methods been [revealed] ?

The summer sun , to which he was so often exposed during his many sporting pursuits , had accentuated his freckles .
the summer sun , to which he was so often [revealed] during his many sporting pursuits , had accentuated his freckles .

Sir , The current debate on fair competition between booksellers and book clubs has exposed a whole area of concerns for booksellers .
sir , the current debate on fair competition between booksellers and book clubs has [revealed] a whole area of concerns for booksellers .

Children are found in need of care , protection and control if the court establishes that they are not receiving the sort of care a good parent may reasonably be expected to give and they are falling into bad associations , are exposed to moral danger , or the lack of care is likely to cause suffering or seriously affect their health or proper development , or if it establishes that they are beyond the control of their parents .
children are found in need of care , protection and control if the court establishes that they are not receiving the sort of care a good parent may reasonably be expected to give and they are falling into bad associations , are [revealed] to moral danger , or the lack of care is likely to cause suffering or seriously affect their health or proper development , or if it establishes that they are beyond the control of their parents .

He felt even more exposed , as if the wound were shouting his identity .
he felt even more [revealed] , as if the wound were shouting his identity .

The lack of a secondary cache was n't really exposed by our benchmarks , though the 1-2-3 spreadsheet recalc was a tiny bit slower .
the lack of a secondary cache was n't really [revealed] by our benchmarks , though the 1-2-3 spreadsheet recalc was a tiny bit slower .

Some criticised his method of combating Bodyline by stepping away to cut the ball to the off , but Bradman claimed that this exposed him to a greater risk of injury than the orthodox type of batting .
some criticised his method of combating bodyline by stepping away to cut the ball to the off , but bradman claimed that this [revealed] him to a greater risk of injury than the orthodox type of batting .

There was no indication whether individuals within the subgroups had travelled to either their country of origin , if appropriate , or — if born in one geographical location — had travelled to other areas where the incidence of environmental toxoplasma exposed them to increased risk of this infection .
there was no indication whether individuals within the subgroups had travelled to either their country of origin , if appropriate , or — if born in one geographical location — had travelled to other areas where the incidence of environmental toxoplasma [revealed] them to increased risk of this infection .

Where problems of access to and quality of services have been exposed , policies have been devised to deal with them .
where problems of access to and quality of services have been [revealed] , policies have been devised to deal with them .

Two examples illustrate some of the dilemmas the strategy has exposed and the policies initiated to deal with them .
two examples illustrate some of the dilemmas the strategy has [revealed] and the policies initiated to deal with them .

They found that children of men who had been exposed to external penetrating ionising radiation before their child was conceived were at an increased risk of leukaemia .
they found that children of men who had been [revealed] to external penetrating ionising radiation before their child was conceived were at an increased risk of leukaemia .

Insufficient is known about the radiobiological effects of many types of radiation and radioactive substances to which workers may be exposed , other than external penetrating radiation .
insufficient is known about the radiobiological effects of many types of radiation and radioactive substances to which workers may be [revealed] , other than external penetrating radiation .

Although Nizan himself was willing to accept the Moscow version of events , it is probable that the highly publicised nature of the trials , the seemingly endless ramifications of the anti-state activities exposed , did little to boost his confidence in the future development of the Soviet state itself .
although nizan himself was willing to accept the moscow version of events , it is probable that the highly publicised nature of the trials , the seemingly endless ramifications of the anti-state activities [revealed] , did little to boost his confidence in the future development of the soviet state itself .

The sophisms and mystifications of an oppressive class are dispelled , social injustices and inequalities are exposed , and an appeal to enter directly into the tragic political struggle is implicitly issued .
the sophisms and mystifications of an oppressive class are dispelled , social injustices and inequalities are [revealed] , and an appeal to enter directly into the tragic political struggle is implicitly issued .

After the photographic plate was exposed , it was separated from the screen , developed as normal into a negative , then turned into a positive black and white transparency .
after the photographic plate was [revealed] , it was separated from the screen , developed as normal into a negative , then turned into a positive black and white transparency .

The mono emulsion behind the screen was therefore exposed in relation to the colours of the subject .
the mono emulsion behind the screen was therefore [revealed] in relation to the colours of the subject .

All these men ( and presumably others with cancers detected at subsequent screening rounds ) would be exposed to the risks of radical prostatectomy , which may cause impotency in up to 42 % and urethrovesical stricture in 7 % .
all these men ( and presumably others with cancers detected at subsequent screening rounds ) would be [revealed] to the risks of radical prostatectomy , which may cause impotency in up to 42 % and urethrovesical stricture in 7 % .

Exposed to Minton 's freewheeling , glamorous Bohemianism , some found it difficult afterwards to stand on their own feet , for Minton had effectively broken them away from their backgrounds or their jobs .
[revealed] to minton 's freewheeling , glamorous bohemianism , some found it difficult afterwards to stand on their own feet , for minton had effectively broken them away from their backgrounds or their jobs .

The confusion in his attitude to Norman was helplessly exposed : he liked Norman for not being , like Raymond Ray , a congenital homosexual , yet when Norman danced with a girl Minton would remark with spite , ‘ Oh , it 's her tonight .
the confusion in his attitude to norman was helplessly [revealed] : he liked norman for not being , like raymond ray , a congenital homosexual , yet when norman danced with a girl minton would remark with spite , ‘ oh , it 's her tonight .

They are also exposed to each other 's ideas .
they are also [revealed] to each other 's ideas .

The official statistics reveal only a relatively small amount of such violence , yet most women are sufficiently convinced of its prevalence to organize their lives quite carefully in order to protect themselves from being exposed to such violence .
the official statistics reveal only a relatively small amount of such violence , yet most women are sufficiently convinced of its prevalence to organize their lives quite carefully in order to protect themselves from being [revealed] to such violence .

Thirteenth-century reformers expended much energy and ingenuity trying to ensure that parishes were properly served and that the souls of parishioners were not exposed to perdition by the negligence and greed of pluralist incumbents .
thirteenth-century reformers expended much energy and ingenuity trying to ensure that parishes were properly served and that the souls of parishioners were not [revealed] to perdition by the negligence and greed of pluralist incumbents .

If the clergy had gained — and continuing practice had yet to confirm this — the right to be taxed in their own assemblies rather than in parliament , they had exposed those gatherings to royal attention , intervention and considerable control .
if the clergy had gained — and continuing practice had yet to confirm this — the right to be taxed in their own assemblies rather than in parliament , they had [revealed] those gatherings to royal attention , intervention and considerable control .

Typical of these is the Invective against France which survives in several manuscripts : it depicts the French as effeminate , combining the characteristics of the lynx , viper and wolf ; King Philip 's fraudulent claims to the French throne and his unworthiness for it are elaborately exposed with biblical and legal references ; by contrast Edward 's victories , secured by his virtuousness , serve only to prove that God was on his side .
typical of these is the invective against france which survives in several manuscripts : it depicts the french as effeminate , combining the characteristics of the lynx , viper and wolf ; king philip 's fraudulent claims to the french throne and his unworthiness for it are elaborately [revealed] with biblical and legal references ; by contrast edward 's victories , secured by his virtuousness , serve only to prove that god was on his side .

There had been the occasional martial bishops , of course , ever since Odo of Bayeux came across with the Conqueror , not least perhaps because of the knightly or aristocratic houses from which some prelates came , but also because the bishop was often the sole or wealthiest magnate present to defend an exposed region when so many others were away on continental engagements .
there had been the occasional martial bishops , of course , ever since odo of bayeux came across with the conqueror , not least perhaps because of the knightly or aristocratic houses from which some prelates came , but also because the bishop was often the sole or wealthiest magnate present to defend an [revealed] region when so many others were away on continental engagements .

This theory , which we owe mainly to Robert Nozick , takes its start as others do : from the defects which Gettier exposed in the tripartite analysis .
this theory , which we owe mainly to robert nozick , takes its start as others do : from the defects which gettier [revealed] in the tripartite analysis .

There is a general expectation that people will not remember detailed facts correctly if they are only exposed to them in the spoken mode , especially if they are required to remember them over an extended period of time .
there is a general expectation that people will not remember detailed facts correctly if they are only [revealed] to them in the spoken mode , especially if they are required to remember them over an extended period of time .

In the discussion which follows we shall draw a simplistic distinction between spoken and written language which takes highly literate written language as the norm of written language , and the speech of those who have not spent many years exposed to written language ( a set which will include most young undergraduate students ) as the norm for spoken language .
in the discussion which follows we shall draw a simplistic distinction between spoken and written language which takes highly literate written language as the norm of written language , and the speech of those who have not spent many years [revealed] to written language ( a set which will include most young undergraduate students ) as the norm for spoken language .

The eggs , even before they hatch , require great care , reducing the time a parent bird can spend finding food for itself and keeping it sitting on the ground or in the branches of a tree where it is exposed to much more danger than it would be in the air .
the eggs , even before they hatch , require great care , reducing the time a parent bird can spend finding food for itself and keeping it sitting on the ground or in the branches of a tree where it is [revealed] to much more danger than it would be in the air .

But other marsupials live in a way that would make such an exposed method of transport positively lethal .
but other marsupials live in a way that would make such an [revealed] method of transport positively lethal .

There the nectar does not evaporate as quickly as it would if it were in a more exposed position .
there the nectar does not evaporate as quickly as it would if it were in a more [revealed] position .

This can be a dangerously exposed occupation .
this can be a dangerously [revealed] occupation .

Captures may damage it and the beads of glue exposed to the air may lose some of their stickiness .
captures may damage it and the beads of glue [revealed] to the air may lose some of their stickiness .

Although much of the area around a pool at this time may be exposed rock , the gobies never land on it .
although much of the area around a pool at this time may be [revealed] rock , the gobies never land on it .

And when the rain stops , the beavers may have to build them up again to prevent the level of the lake from falling so low that the entrance to the lodge is exposed .
and when the rain stops , the beavers may have to build them up again to prevent the level of the lake from falling so low that the entrance to the lodge is [revealed] .

Most have bodies with a skin so soft , thin and permeable that if they are exposed to direct sunshine for any length of time they dry out and die .
most have bodies with a skin so soft , thin and permeable that if they are [revealed] to direct sunshine for any length of time they dry out and die .

Johannsen was in trouble : his shield of rocks had been reduced to a line of rubble , his combat suit had been torn , and his exposed skin had been wounded by flying splinters of stone .
johannsen was in trouble : his shield of rocks had been reduced to a line of rubble , his combat suit had been torn , and his [revealed] skin had been wounded by flying splinters of stone .

From the hides , shimmering water meadows , fingered spits islands , orange-tinged osiers and countless bobbing birds lay exposed to view .
from the hides , shimmering water meadows , fingered spits islands , orange-tinged osiers and countless bobbing birds lay [revealed] to view .

Saltmarshes with winding creeks , and a great expanse of mud flats lay exposed : wide , uncluttered , beautiful in their loneliness .
saltmarshes with winding creeks , and a great expanse of mud flats lay [revealed] : wide , uncluttered , beautiful in their loneliness .

On a guillemot ledge were two green eggs exposed to view .
on a guillemot ledge were two green eggs [revealed] to view .

‘ Subliminal ’ advertising , which was most publicly ‘ exposed ’ in Vance Packard 's The Hidden Persuaders , is advertising that is supposed to work below the threshold of consciousness : a message flashed for a fraction of a second on a cinema screen was , it was alleged , able to increase sales of popcorn very significantly , even though no one in the audience could have taken it in — or , indeed , remembered it .
‘ subliminal ’ advertising , which was most publicly ‘ [revealed] ’ in vance packard 's the hidden persuaders , is advertising that is supposed to work below the threshold of consciousness : a message flashed for a fraction of a second on a cinema screen was , it was alleged , able to increase sales of popcorn very significantly , even though no one in the audience could have taken it in — or , indeed , remembered it .

It is the media department of the agency that is constantly exposed to the approaches of media salespeople , who may well be offering interesting new ideas — occasionally .
it is the media department of the agency that is constantly [revealed] to the approaches of media salespeople , who may well be offering interesting new ideas — occasionally .

St Ives , exposed as it is to the advertising cycle through the production of magazines , has done well to achieve profits stability after a sharp fall from £29.1m in 1989/90 .
st ives , [revealed] as it is to the advertising cycle through the production of magazines , has done well to achieve profits stability after a sharp fall from £29.1m in 1989/90 .

It was the first case in which electrostatic depression analysis evidence had exposed police malpractice by analysis of the interview notes .
it was the first case in which electrostatic depression analysis evidence had [revealed] police malpractice by analysis of the interview notes .

She sought also to argue that he was in error in failing to decide that she had established a grave risk that they would be exposed to physical or psychological harm or otherwise placed in an intolerable situation if their return were to be ordered .
she sought also to argue that he was in error in failing to decide that she had established a grave risk that they would be [revealed] to physical or psychological harm or otherwise placed in an intolerable situation if their return were to be ordered .

‘ the instinct that it is contrary to fair play to put the accused in a position where he is exposed to punishment whatever he does . If he answers , he may condemn himself out of his own mouth ; if he refuses he may be punished for his refusal …
‘ the instinct that it is contrary to fair play to put the accused in a position where he is [revealed] to punishment whatever he does . if he answers , he may condemn himself out of his own mouth ; if he refuses he may be punished for his refusal …

In the present case the proceedings do not fall within section 31 of the Act of 1968 and the criminal charges to which Mr. Tully may be exposed do not fall within that Act .
in the present case the proceedings do not fall within section 31 of the act of 1968 and the criminal charges to which mr. tully may be [revealed] do not fall within that act .

However , these cells are currently only half as efficient as crystalline cells for their output reduces by as much as 15 per cent the longer they are exposed to light .
however , these cells are currently only half as efficient as crystalline cells for their output reduces by as much as 15 per cent the longer they are [revealed] to light .

Many miles of film have been exposed and several forests felled to supply the paper to print the wit and wisdom of Hannah Hauxwell .
many miles of film have been [revealed] and several forests felled to supply the paper to print the wit and wisdom of hannah hauxwell .

The built-in wooden dresser was already there , as was the exposed brick chimney breast — which , with the cooker slotted into the fireplace , looks rather like an old-fashioned kitchen range .
the built-in wooden dresser was already there , as was the [revealed] brick chimney breast — which , with the cooker slotted into the fireplace , looks rather like an old-fashioned kitchen range .

Check that the roots are well covered — careless planting in the container and continual watering can leave the upper roots exposed .
check that the roots are well covered — careless planting in the container and continual watering can leave the upper roots [revealed] .

She looked at her own body , and exposed its imperfections with both ruthlessness and affection .
she looked at her own body , and [revealed] its imperfections with both ruthlessness and affection .

So-called post-structuralist accounts have exposed the myth of theory as ‘ truth ’ , and challenged what Anne Phillips in this volume calls the ‘ universalist pretensions ’ of Theory .
so-called post-structuralist accounts have [revealed] the myth of theory as ‘ truth ’ , and challenged what anne phillips in this volume calls the ‘ universalist pretensions ’ of theory .

8 In some cultures , human remains are exposed for vultures to eat . What is your view of this ?
8 in some cultures , human remains are [revealed] for vultures to eat . what is your view of this ?

Consider alcohol : We are all of us exposed to it .
consider alcohol : we are all of us [revealed] to it .

The mysterious irony of salvation lay in this paradox : Jesus , the only one who kept the law in its entirety , paid the penalty of lawbreakers , by being exposed upon that accursed cross and subject to the judgment of God .
the mysterious irony of salvation lay in this paradox : jesus , the only one who kept the law in its entirety , paid the penalty of lawbreakers , by being [revealed] upon that accursed cross and subject to the judgment of god .

The effect of meeting Shankar and being exposed to Indian music was immediate .
the effect of meeting shankar and being [revealed] to indian music was immediate .

At the same time Lutheran music began to be exposed to foreign influences .
at the same time lutheran music began to be [revealed] to foreign influences .

Individual pupils are praised for their achievements and transgressors have their sins exposed .
individual pupils are praised for their achievements and transgressors have their sins [revealed] .

Because she had been exposed to the luxury end of the market , much of what she found at ‘ Laura Ashley ’ appalled her .
because she had been [revealed] to the luxury end of the market , much of what she found at ‘ laura ashley ’ appalled her .

Even before he touched the exposed flesh , she could feel her nipples tingling , tightening to aching points , thrusting proud and carmine under the caressing gaze .
even before he touched the [revealed] flesh , she could feel her nipples tingling , tightening to aching points , thrusting proud and carmine under the caressing gaze .

The meaning of this death had come to him slowly ; not as grief but as nakedness , for this death exposed him .
the meaning of this death had come to him slowly ; not as grief but as nakedness , for this death [revealed] him .

The ranks were thin , the weakness of the Family exposed to view , and yet Li Yuan stood proudly , his eyes looking straight ahead , into the darkness of the tomb .
the ranks were thin , the weakness of the family [revealed] to view , and yet li yuan stood proudly , his eyes looking straight ahead , into the darkness of the tomb .

The innermost southern shore of the peninsula had been the chosen land of Pythagoras , your namesake , perhaps your ancestor , the apostle of eternal return : it was in the market square at Crotone on the Gulf of Taranto south of Riba that he exposed his thigh and showed that it was golden , and so was honoured by the inhabitants as a special favourite of the gods , quasi-divine himself . Did he have a birthmark there ? How could a birthmark , even tawny , convince the onlookers in the piazza two thousand years ago that it was gold , the metal of the gods , the stuff of ichor which flows in their ivory veins ?
the innermost southern shore of the peninsula had been the chosen land of pythagoras , your namesake , perhaps your ancestor , the apostle of eternal return : it was in the market square at crotone on the gulf of taranto south of riba that he [revealed] his thigh and showed that it was golden , and so was honoured by the inhabitants as a special favourite of the gods , quasi-divine himself . did he have a birthmark there ? how could a birthmark , even tawny , convince the onlookers in the piazza two thousand years ago that it was gold , the metal of the gods , the stuff of ichor which flows in their ivory veins ?

He wished Lorton had chosen a less exposed place to meet .
he wished lorton had chosen a less [revealed] place to meet .

During the late nineteenth century , Medical Officers of Health , in particular , contended that women going out to work were responsible for raising the infant mortality rate because they tended to bottle-feed their infants and because , by carrying them out to nurse in the early morning , they exposed them to bronchitis .
during the late nineteenth century , medical officers of health , in particular , contended that women going out to work were responsible for raising the infant mortality rate because they tended to bottle-feed their infants and because , by carrying them out to nurse in the early morning , they [revealed] them to bronchitis .

Considering the sensitivity of lakes and soils in other parts of the world and expected rapid industrialization in the coming decades , areas such as Brazil , Nigeria , southern Africa , India , Malaysia and China are among those likely to be exposed to an increased risk of acid deposition effects in the future ( figure 4.13 ; Swedish Ministry of Agriculture , 1982 ) .
considering the sensitivity of lakes and soils in other parts of the world and expected rapid industrialization in the coming decades , areas such as brazil , nigeria , southern africa , india , malaysia and china are among those likely to be [revealed] to an increased risk of acid deposition effects in the future ( figure 4.13 ; swedish ministry of agriculture , 1982 ) .

Deciduous trees appear less affected than conifers , partly because they offer a smaller area of foliage , and partly because they shed their leaves each autumn and hence are not exposed to air pollution for such a long time as conifers .
deciduous trees appear less affected than conifers , partly because they offer a smaller area of foliage , and partly because they shed their leaves each autumn and hence are not [revealed] to air pollution for such a long time as conifers .

( 1982 ) report on an American study which examined 32 commercial crops grown under controlled environmental conditions and exposed to simulated ( sulphuric ) acid rain of pH 3.0 , 3.5 , 4.0 and 5.7 .
( 1982 ) report on an american study which examined 32 commercial crops grown under controlled environmental conditions and [revealed] to simulated ( sulphuric ) acid rain of ph 3.0 , 3.5 , 4.0 and 5.7 .

As the surface crust flakes away , fresh limestone surfaces are exposed to attack .
as the surface crust flakes away , fresh limestone surfaces are [revealed] to attack .

At St Paul 's Cathedral , London , an average of 30 mm of Portland stone has been lost in the past 250 years , with , in one particularly exposed position , 22 mm being lost in just 45 years ( figure 4.20 ; Dudley et al .
at st paul 's cathedral , london , an average of 30 mm of portland stone has been lost in the past 250 years , with , in one particularly [revealed] position , 22 mm being lost in just 45 years ( figure 4.20 ; dudley et al .

Evidence on the risk for one organ , the thyroid gland , can also be derived from the occurrence of cancers on this gland in populations of two Pacific islands , who were exposed to irradiation and radioiodine concentration in the gland from fallout from a weapon test in 1954 .
evidence on the risk for one organ , the thyroid gland , can also be derived from the occurrence of cancers on this gland in populations of two pacific islands , who were [revealed] to irradiation and radioiodine concentration in the gland from fallout from a weapon test in 1954 .

It has become clear that the most important late somatic effect of low doses of radiation is the occasional induction of malignant diseases , as shown by their increased incidence in exposed populations .
it has become clear that the most important late somatic effect of low doses of radiation is the occasional induction of malignant diseases , as shown by their increased incidence in [revealed] populations .

Thus , for example , Japanese children who had been exposed in utero as a result of atom bomb detonations at Hiroshima and Nagasaki have shown a possible increased incidence of mental retardation , associated with small head size ( microcephaly ) and clear evidence of reduction in body size .
thus , for example , japanese children who had been [revealed] in utero as a result of atom bomb detonations at hiroshima and nagasaki have shown a possible increased incidence of mental retardation , associated with small head size ( microcephaly ) and clear evidence of reduction in body size .

The major source of radiation to which people are exposed is the natural environmental component ( table 5.5 ) .
the major source of radiation to which people are [revealed] is the natural environmental component ( table 5.5 ) .

Kimball ( 1982 ) reviewed 437 experiments published in this century which dealt with yields of agricultural crops exposed to varying carbon dioxide concentrations , and concluded that a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide could increase global productivity by 33 per cent without additional inputs of water or fertilizers .
kimball ( 1982 ) reviewed 437 experiments published in this century which dealt with yields of agricultural crops [revealed] to varying carbon dioxide concentrations , and concluded that a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide could increase global productivity by 33 per cent without additional inputs of water or fertilizers .

The highest land is only 2 metres above sea level and even this would be exposed to storm surges if mean sea level rose by 1 metre .
the highest land is only 2 metres above sea level and even this would be [revealed] to storm surges if mean sea level rose by 1 metre .

The exposed skin was flushed and glowing ; here and there it resembled tanned leather and , in some cases , it looked as if it had split and healed , and split again .
the [revealed] skin was flushed and glowing ; here and there it resembled tanned leather and , in some cases , it looked as if it had split and healed , and split again .

In places , the bone was exposed and , in the uncertain light , Nuadu could nearly believe that it had been nibbled .
in places , the bone was [revealed] and , in the uncertain light , nuadu could nearly believe that it had been nibbled .

— The Bankers ' Plot Exposed , and stopped crying .
— the bankers ' plot [revealed] , and stopped crying .

In 1973 , in what has become one of the most frequently quoted papers in the literature of memory research , Tim Bliss from the National Institute for Medical Research in London and Terje Lømo described how , working together in Per Andersen 's laboratory in Oslo , they had anaesthetized a rabbit , then exposed its hippocampus and the nerves leading to it .
in 1973 , in what has become one of the most frequently quoted papers in the literature of memory research , tim bliss from the national institute for medical research in london and terje lømo described how , working together in per andersen 's laboratory in oslo , they had anaesthetized a rabbit , then [revealed] its hippocampus and the nerves leading to it .

This is a way of holding an anaesthetized animal ( by now of course not an animal at all but a ‘ preparation ’ which ceases even the pretence of life once the support system is switched off ) gently but firmly so that its brain can be exposed and an electrode lowered into it , according to known coordinates .
this is a way of holding an anaesthetized animal ( by now of course not an animal at all but a ‘ preparation ’ which ceases even the pretence of life once the support system is switched off ) gently but firmly so that its brain can be [revealed] and an electrode lowered into it , according to known coordinates .

There is evidence at many points around the continent that more rock is exposed today than in the immediately recent past , and that there were several retreats during the present interglacial ( Péwé , 1960 ) , though not on the scale of the northern retreat .
there is evidence at many points around the continent that more rock is [revealed] today than in the immediately recent past , and that there were several retreats during the present interglacial ( péwé , 1960 ) , though not on the scale of the northern retreat .

There is evidence too that ice near the coast has in the past been thicker , for many coastal islands and mountains carry the scars of glacial movement on their exposed surfaces .
there is evidence too that ice near the coast has in the past been thicker , for many coastal islands and mountains carry the scars of glacial movement on their [revealed] surfaces .

This probably resulted from the fall in sea level during the glacial period , which would have exposed more land around the continent , allowing the mantle to spread over a wider continent , to cover what is now shallow sea-bed , and to thicken inland along the line of the present coast .
this probably resulted from the fall in sea level during the glacial period , which would have [revealed] more land around the continent , allowing the mantle to spread over a wider continent , to cover what is now shallow sea-bed , and to thicken inland along the line of the present coast .

There have certainly been sea level changes since then , leaving raised beaches at many points along the exposed coasts of both continent and islands .
there have certainly been sea level changes since then , leaving raised beaches at many points along the [revealed] coasts of both continent and islands .

The northernmost zone has the least continuous plant cover , the most patterned ground exposed , and the narrowest range of communities .
the northernmost zone has the least continuous plant cover , the most patterned ground [revealed] , and the narrowest range of communities .

As a moraine-dammed valley is exposed , water flowing in seasonal torrents accumulates on the valley floor , forming a lake that lengthens and broadens as the ice face retreats .
as a moraine-dammed valley is [revealed] , water flowing in seasonal torrents accumulates on the valley floor , forming a lake that lengthens and broadens as the ice face retreats .

with a divided , leaf-like thallus ) , and only 15 genera , occupying the least exposed positions , are fructicose — short , cylindrical , erect or recumbent , and attached only at the base ( Dodge , 1973 ) .
with a divided , leaf-like thallus ) , and only 15 genera , occupying the least [revealed] positions , are fructicose — short , cylindrical , erect or recumbent , and attached only at the base ( dodge , 1973 ) .

Woody shrubs too depend on winter snow for protection against extreme cold and wind abrasion , which shape them by killing exposed growing points .
woody shrubs too depend on winter snow for protection against extreme cold and wind abrasion , which shape them by killing [revealed] growing points .

and dwarf birch Betula glandulosa growing only 15 cm high on open ground ; in the shelter of boulders the willows grew to 1 m or more , but in exposed areas they became completely prostrate , with horizontal laterals close to the ground .
and dwarf birch betula glandulosa growing only 15 cm high on open ground ; in the shelter of boulders the willows grew to 1 m or more , but in [revealed] areas they became completely prostrate , with horizontal laterals close to the ground .

Mountain sorrel Oxyria digyna and tufted saxifrage Saxifraga caespitosa typify highly variable species ; the colder and more exposed the site , the darker , more heavily pigmented are the stems and leaves ( Savile , 1972 ) .
mountain sorrel oxyria digyna and tufted saxifrage saxifraga caespitosa typify highly variable species ; the colder and more [revealed] the site , the darker , more heavily pigmented are the stems and leaves ( savile , 1972 ) .

Insects that winter on land , under snow , among rocks and vegetation or in soil are similarly exposed to extreme cold .
insects that winter on land , under snow , among rocks and vegetation or in soil are similarly [revealed] to extreme cold .

Generally rare in polar regions , where sea ice inhibits their settlement , they are often plentiful on subpolar shores where they may be exposed twice daily to six-hourly spells of near-freezing sea temperatures , alternating with similar spells of very much lower air temperatures .
generally rare in polar regions , where sea ice inhibits their settlement , they are often plentiful on subpolar shores where they may be [revealed] twice daily to six-hourly spells of near-freezing sea temperatures , alternating with similar spells of very much lower air temperatures .

Those examined by Kanwisher simply froze when exposed to extremely cold air .
those examined by kanwisher simply froze when [revealed] to extremely cold air .

Like fishermen and others who work in cold conditions , they develop tolerance to cold in hands and faces , possibly a function of enhanced blood circulation in exposed areas of the body .
like fishermen and others who work in cold conditions , they develop tolerance to cold in hands and faces , possibly a function of enhanced blood circulation in [revealed] areas of the body .

Wind is notorious in making cold seem colder , chiefly in its effects on exposed skin .
wind is notorious in making cold seem colder , chiefly in its effects on [revealed] skin .

Thus an inadequately-clothed walker or climber may be at risk if exposed to winds to 2–3 m per second , and only marginally more at risk in winds three or four times as strong .
thus an inadequately-clothed walker or climber may be at risk if [revealed] to winds to 2–3 m per second , and only marginally more at risk in winds three or four times as strong .

Mediaeval explorers from the south made little impact on their society , but incursions of southern whalers , sealers , missionaries , fur traders and administrators on an unprecedented scale during the 18th and 19th centuries exposed them more fully to southern civilization , often with devastating results ( Hall , 1987 ) .
mediaeval explorers from the south made little impact on their society , but incursions of southern whalers , sealers , missionaries , fur traders and administrators on an unprecedented scale during the 18th and 19th centuries [revealed] them more fully to southern civilization , often with devastating results ( hall , 1987 ) .

’ His fingers idly stroked the oiled metal of his exposed weapon .
’ his fingers idly stroked the oiled metal of his [revealed] weapon .

Finding herself , for the first time in her life , under threat of attack from the skies , Cassie felt enormously exposed and vulnerable .
finding herself , for the first time in her life , under threat of attack from the skies , cassie felt enormously [revealed] and vulnerable .

It had an old wound on one exposed shoulder , and the lenses of its eyes showed milky white .
it had an old wound on one [revealed] shoulder , and the lenses of its eyes showed milky white .

Unlike middle-class children , they are seldom exposed to a parental emphasis on self-control ; instead , there is an accent on physical punishment , and aggressive tendencies are further reinforced by the regular occurrence of intra- and inter-family feuds .
unlike middle-class children , they are seldom [revealed] to a parental emphasis on self-control ; instead , there is an accent on physical punishment , and aggressive tendencies are further reinforced by the regular occurrence of intra- and inter-family feuds .

However , for one section of youth , the lower-working-class ‘ roughs ’ , living on housing estates and high-rise flats , for whom the prospect of unemployment was added to the possibility of boring , unskilled work , ‘ only the football ground remained — stark , dirty , exposed to the elements — as a traditional gathering place for working-class lads ’ ( Wagg , 1984:206–7 ) .
however , for one section of youth , the lower-working-class ‘ roughs ’ , living on housing estates and high-rise flats , for whom the prospect of unemployment was added to the possibility of boring , unskilled work , ‘ only the football ground remained — stark , dirty , [revealed] to the elements — as a traditional gathering place for working-class lads ’ ( wagg , 1984:206–7 ) .

First he made a gourd spring up to protect Jonah from the sun ( by ‘ gourd ’ we are to understand something like the castor-oil plant or Palma Christi , with its rapid growth and all-sheltering leaves ) ; then , with no more than a wave of the silk handkerchief , he sent a maggot to destroy the said gourd , leaving Jonah painfully exposed to the heat .
first he made a gourd spring up to protect jonah from the sun ( by ‘ gourd ’ we are to understand something like the castor-oil plant or palma christi , with its rapid growth and all-sheltering leaves ) ; then , with no more than a wave of the silk handkerchief , he sent a maggot to destroy the said gourd , leaving jonah painfully [revealed] to the heat .

In due course he was returned to normal health , except that the acids had removed all the pigmentation from his exposed skin .
in due course he was returned to normal health , except that the acids had removed all the pigmentation from his [revealed] skin .

If the sweetest moment in life is a visit to the brothel which does n't come off , perhaps the sweetest moment in writing is the arrival of that idea for a book which never has to be written , which is never sullied with a definite shape , which never needs be exposed to a less loving gaze than that of its author .
if the sweetest moment in life is a visit to the brothel which does n't come off , perhaps the sweetest moment in writing is the arrival of that idea for a book which never has to be written , which is never sullied with a definite shape , which never needs be [revealed] to a less loving gaze than that of its author .

He always sensed he was exposed in the countryside at night .
he always sensed he was [revealed] in the countryside at night .

To cover up the other 's exposed shoulder ,
to cover up the other 's [revealed] shoulder ,

We recognise that when a number of intelligent and ingenious individuals in the most senior positions , but bereft of commercial morality and intent on personal gain , set out together to rob and to deceive , it is extremely difficult to ensure they will be deterred or exposed , before much damage is caused . ( Department of Trade and Industry 1990 )
we recognise that when a number of intelligent and ingenious individuals in the most senior positions , but bereft of commercial morality and intent on personal gain , set out together to rob and to deceive , it is extremely difficult to ensure they will be deterred or [revealed] , before much damage is caused . ( department of trade and industry 1990 )

As with a unit-linked endowment , you invest directly on the stock market and are exposed to rising and falling prices .
as with a unit-linked endowment , you invest directly on the stock market and are [revealed] to rising and falling prices .

Exposed to stock market
[revealed] to stock market

Stairs rising to first floor with exposed timber bannister .
stairs rising to first floor with [revealed] timber bannister .

Measuring 14′ × 13′ having original fireplace and exposed beams to ceiling .
measuring 14′ × 13′ having original fireplace and [revealed] beams to ceiling .

Although much of this increase would seem to have been voluntary , as debt became more attractive relative to equity , the fall in aggregate demand left companies in an exposed position .
although much of this increase would seem to have been voluntary , as debt became more attractive relative to equity , the fall in aggregate demand left companies in an [revealed] position .

From the moment of their birth my children have been exposed to non-sexist parenting .
from the moment of their birth my children have been [revealed] to non-sexist parenting .

‘ The judges felt that in this wild and exposed situation only a very tough and challenging building both in design and construction would be appropriate .
‘ the judges felt that in this wild and [revealed] situation only a very tough and challenging building both in design and construction would be appropriate .

If you are wearing gloves and boots , this will not happen while you keep moving but it can easily affect the exposed parts of your face/nose when the temperatures are below freezing and the wind is strong ( the wind-chill factor ) .
if you are wearing gloves and boots , this will not happen while you keep moving but it can easily affect the [revealed] parts of your face/nose when the temperatures are below freezing and the wind is strong ( the wind-chill factor ) .

In 1954 , she took an exposed , simple cottage in the north eastern fishing village of Catterline .
in 1954 , she took an [revealed] , simple cottage in the north eastern fishing village of catterline .

Exposed rocky coasts are preferred for both hauling out and breeding and so the islands of Orkney , Hebrides , Shetland , Farne , Scilly and Man and the coasts of Dorset , Devon , Cornwall and Wales are the areas where the seals will be found .
[revealed] rocky coasts are preferred for both hauling out and breeding and so the islands of orkney , hebrides , shetland , farne , scilly and man and the coasts of dorset , devon , cornwall and wales are the areas where the seals will be found .

If the rocks by the lower ( concrete ) viewing platform are 18 ins exposed , water conditions are normal .
if the rocks by the lower ( concrete ) viewing platform are 18 ins [revealed] , water conditions are normal .

Old-fashioned nationalists and Thatcherites may draw the triumphant inference that the Gulf war has exposed the futility of the Community 's foreign policy ambitions .
old-fashioned nationalists and thatcherites may draw the triumphant inference that the gulf war has [revealed] the futility of the community 's foreign policy ambitions .

They now know which customers we want to increase the business with because the credit risk is low and we are ‘ under exposed ’ , and which market sectors we wish to restrict our exposure in .
they now know which customers we want to increase the business with because the credit risk is low and we are ‘ under [revealed] ’ , and which market sectors we wish to restrict our exposure in .

Protected by hills and woods , the small granite house and its three-quarter-acre garden snuggle into the lower slope of Mynydd Rhiw , exposed only to the south and east .
protected by hills and woods , the small granite house and its three-quarter-acre garden snuggle into the lower slope of mynydd rhiw , [revealed] only to the south and east .

High factor sunscreens are essential to prevent a typical British skin burning when first exposed to the sun .
high factor sunscreens are essential to prevent a typical british skin burning when first [revealed] to the sun .

High factor sunscreens wo n't stop you turning brown , but will prevent your skin from burning when first exposed to the sun , allowing it slowly to acclimatise and produce its own natural protection and colour .
high factor sunscreens wo n't stop you turning brown , but will prevent your skin from burning when first [revealed] to the sun , allowing it slowly to acclimatise and produce its own natural protection and colour .

The bloody girl was in Bali , hiding , and trying to come to terms with being exposed in the News of the World .
the bloody girl was in bali , hiding , and trying to come to terms with being [revealed] in the news of the world .

It 's horrid being exposed .
it 's horrid being [revealed] .

Such a notion is utterly false and should be exposed as such .
such a notion is utterly false and should be [revealed] as such .

The lid of the reliquary , with its silver chasing exposed to view , no doubt to be instantly recognizable on entering the court , was still securely sealed down .
the lid of the reliquary , with its silver chasing [revealed] to view , no doubt to be instantly recognizable on entering the court , was still securely sealed down .

The exposed left side of his head was a dark , misshapen blot of dried blood , a crusted darkness , the ruin on which Tutilo had laid his hand in the night , and sickened with horror .
the [revealed] left side of his head was a dark , misshapen blot of dried blood , a crusted darkness , the ruin on which tutilo had laid his hand in the night , and sickened with horror .

He closed his eyes as he set it down on its place , flattening it open under his left hand , and laid the index finger of his right hand upon the exposed page .
he closed his eyes as he set it down on its place , flattening it open under his left hand , and laid the index finger of his right hand upon the [revealed] page .

Radulfus mounted the three shallow steps , and with both hands opened the Gospels , his eyes fixed above , upon the cross , so that he might not calculate where , on the exposed page , his finger should rest .
radulfus mounted the three shallow steps , and with both hands opened the gospels , his eyes fixed above , upon the cross , so that he might not calculate where , on the [revealed] page , his finger should rest .

The face was then exposed to view , though Jerome had to kneel and look closely , for the night was dark .
the face was then [revealed] to view , though jerome had to kneel and look closely , for the night was dark .

And then had come the awful perception that Helen too was vulnerable ; he had seen her exposed , humiliated , disappointed .
and then had come the awful perception that helen too was vulnerable ; he had seen her [revealed] , humiliated , disappointed .

The containment of employment growth in public services exposed the more starkly the effects of the greatest phase of industrial retrenchment in post-war British economic history .
the containment of employment growth in public services [revealed] the more starkly the effects of the greatest phase of industrial retrenchment in post-war british economic history .

The clearest examples were in the early photographic studies of child prostitutes dating from the 1860s and 1870s , where childhood innocence was erotically framed against visible signs of immoral sexuality , such as exposed genitalia or the depraved stare .
the clearest examples were in the early photographic studies of child prostitutes dating from the 1860s and 1870s , where childhood innocence was erotically framed against visible signs of immoral sexuality , such as [revealed] genitalia or the depraved stare .

The Bitter Cry of Outcast London , written in 1883 by Andrew Mearns , Congregationalist minister in Chelsea , exposed a vast mass of moral corruption and absolute godlessness at the centre of the greatest metropolis in the world .
the bitter cry of outcast london , written in 1883 by andrew mearns , congregationalist minister in chelsea , [revealed] a vast mass of moral corruption and absolute godlessness at the centre of the greatest metropolis in the world .

The dramatic conflict between good and evil either brought out heroic qualities in boys , or it exposed those who were cowardly and unmanly .
the dramatic conflict between good and evil either brought out heroic qualities in boys , or it [revealed] those who were cowardly and unmanly .

Their investigations exposed a well established trade in English girls , who , Dyer maintained , were being held in tolerated houses in the city .
their investigations [revealed] a well established trade in english girls , who , dyer maintained , were being held in tolerated houses in the city .

He turned and looked back at the half-covered clinic , at the low exposed walls of the animal house .
he turned and looked back at the half-covered clinic , at the low [revealed] walls of the animal house .

Anywhere that was obviously occupied he drove on past , as he did with any place that was exposed or too close to the main road , but deserted-looking buildings on village outskirts and elevated rows that were set back from the road generally rated at least a circling-around and a second look .
anywhere that was obviously occupied he drove on past , as he did with any place that was [revealed] or too close to the main road , but deserted-looking buildings on village outskirts and elevated rows that were set back from the road generally rated at least a circling-around and a second look .

He believed that the surface of the earth changed gradually over long periods of time , and saw that such changes would have an effect not only upon the physical environment to which living things were exposed , but upon the possibility of migration to new locations .
he believed that the surface of the earth changed gradually over long periods of time , and saw that such changes would have an effect not only upon the physical environment to which living things were [revealed] , but upon the possibility of migration to new locations .

They looked for abstract relationships between the different structures , but they had little incentive to ask what kind of circumstance might lead a species to change when exposed to a new environment .
they looked for abstract relationships between the different structures , but they had little incentive to ask what kind of circumstance might lead a species to change when [revealed] to a new environment .

But unknown to most of his colleagues he was busily collecting information that might bear on the question of how a species might change when exposed to a new environment .
but unknown to most of his colleagues he was busily collecting information that might bear on the question of how a species might change when [revealed] to a new environment .

Darwin 's theory emphasized the interaction between organisms and their environment and made it clear that species could be driven to extinction when the conditions to which they were exposed changed too rapidly for them to cope .
darwin 's theory emphasized the interaction between organisms and their environment and made it clear that species could be driven to extinction when the conditions to which they were [revealed] changed too rapidly for them to cope .

It exposed the moral dangers of the mechanistic philosophy that had begun with Bacon and had fuelled humankind 's drive for dominance over Nature .
it [revealed] the moral dangers of the mechanistic philosophy that had begun with bacon and had fuelled humankind 's drive for dominance over nature .

Wallace 's line existed because there was one particular strait , between the islands of Bali and Lombok , that was so deep that it could never have been exposed as dry land in recent geological times .
wallace 's line existed because there was one particular strait , between the islands of bali and lombok , that was so deep that it could never have been [revealed] as dry land in recent geological times .

The pact they had silently concluded after Maurice 's death stood exposed as a sham .
the pact they had silently concluded after maurice 's death stood [revealed] as a sham .

It is the people who work in the institutions who are most exposed to our dislike .
it is the people who work in the institutions who are most [revealed] to our dislike .

To reduce the possibility of the lining materials , used for the construction of walls and ceilings , contributing to the initial fire spread within the building , performance standards are laid down for the reaction to fire of the materials used for the exposed surfaces .
to reduce the possibility of the lining materials , used for the construction of walls and ceilings , contributing to the initial fire spread within the building , performance standards are laid down for the reaction to fire of the materials used for the [revealed] surfaces .

Finally at the highest level , the limits of reason are exposed when a critique is mounted of a form of thought as such .
finally at the highest level , the limits of reason are [revealed] when a critique is mounted of a form of thought as such .

Several methods were evolved but all basically followed the principle of having a character exposed onto a strip of sensitive photographic film or paper which was then developed to give a positive or negative image which could be reproduced by offset printing .
several methods were evolved but all basically followed the principle of having a character [revealed] onto a strip of sensitive photographic film or paper which was then developed to give a positive or negative image which could be reproduced by offset printing .

a glass plate or film placed between the original photograph and the film to be exposed .
a glass plate or film placed between the original photograph and the film to be [revealed] .

Into the nape of the neck of the youngest , who was lying on his stomach with part of his spine exposed , the flesh and muscle ripped away by the 9mm bullet .
into the nape of the neck of the youngest , who was lying on his stomach with part of his spine [revealed] , the flesh and muscle ripped away by the 9mm bullet .

He gazed at her shapely legs , exposed as far as her thighs .
he gazed at her shapely legs , [revealed] as far as her thighs .

His own eye smarted , exposed to the draft coming through the key-hole .
his own eye smarted , [revealed] to the draft coming through the key-hole .

Everything gleamed and the few people visible wore white coats ; apart from the exposed brickwork of a couple of rotund furnaces , linked to the ceiling by shining metal ductwork , the place looked more like a laboratory than a factory .
everything gleamed and the few people visible wore white coats ; apart from the [revealed] brickwork of a couple of rotund furnaces , linked to the ceiling by shining metal ductwork , the place looked more like a laboratory than a factory .

At the local cathedral grammar school he was exposed to the distinctly Protestant influence of the masters Anthony Rush [ q.v . ]
at the local cathedral grammar school he was [revealed] to the distinctly protestant influence of the masters anthony rush [ q.v . ]

But the treatment 's efficacy was several times demonstrated in the years which followed when his two elder sons , exposed to smallpox , failed to catch the disease .
but the treatment 's efficacy was several times demonstrated in the years which followed when his two elder sons , [revealed] to smallpox , failed to catch the disease .

Throughout his career , he attacked and exposed bogus spiritualists , including Eusapia Palladino .
throughout his career , he attacked and [revealed] bogus spiritualists , including eusapia palladino .

Being in London , he could exploit both the court and the merchant community as patrons , and would have been exposed to the new developments in surveying in the published works of Leonard and Thomas Digges [ qq.v . ]
being in london , he could exploit both the court and the merchant community as patrons , and would have been [revealed] to the new developments in surveying in the published works of leonard and thomas digges [ qq.v . ]

No retributory institution , prison , hulk , penal colony , or penitentiary adequately combined punishment with reformation : he and his select committees exposed them , to little avail .
no retributory institution , prison , hulk , penal colony , or penitentiary adequately combined punishment with reformation : he and his select committees [revealed] them , to little avail .

It stood successfully in this very exposed position until December 1755 .
it stood successfully in this very [revealed] position until december 1755 .

In 1895 his article ‘ An Ideal Suburban House ’ , published in the Studio , exposed Scott 's talents to a wider audience and he received his first commissions from the mainland .
in 1895 his article ‘ an ideal suburban house ’ , published in the studio , [revealed] scott 's talents to a wider audience and he received his first commissions from the mainland .

But the Wall Street crash in 1929 ( the first year in which the company showed a profit ) exposed the vulnerability of the luxury car market .
but the wall street crash in 1929 ( the first year in which the company showed a profit ) [revealed] the vulnerability of the luxury car market .

He died 13 November 1152 in good repute for charity , learning , and prudence ; he was less notable for those masterful qualities demanded by the circumstances of his exposed see .
he died 13 november 1152 in good repute for charity , learning , and prudence ; he was less notable for those masterful qualities demanded by the circumstances of his [revealed] see .

Yet his business limitations and overblown ambitions were now exposed .
yet his business limitations and overblown ambitions were now [revealed] .

The civil war exposed his pretensions to military expertise , to the delight of the Cavalier propagandists .
the civil war [revealed] his pretensions to military expertise , to the delight of the cavalier propagandists .

Exposed after a bigamous marriage in New York in 1885 , he changed his name to its final form and enlisted with Thorsten Nordenfelt , the London-based Swedish inventor of a quick-firing gun and an unseaworthy submarine .
[revealed] after a bigamous marriage in new york in 1885 , he changed his name to its final form and enlisted with thorsten nordenfelt , the london-based swedish inventor of a quick-firing gun and an unseaworthy submarine .

In 1860 the scandalous situation at the Agapemone was exposed in a trial heard in the Court of Chancery , Nottidge v. Prince , when a former member of the Abode of Love sued Prince for the return of her property .
in 1860 the scandalous situation at the agapemone was [revealed] in a trial heard in the court of chancery , nottidge v. prince , when a former member of the abode of love sued prince for the return of her property .

He had caught a glimpse of two bare legs , an exposed breast , a man with his trousers about his knees , before they had seen him , and he had run off , blundering panic-stricken through the undergrowth .
he had caught a glimpse of two bare legs , an [revealed] breast , a man with his trousers about his knees , before they had seen him , and he had run off , blundering panic-stricken through the undergrowth .

The result may be that , what a company had hoped to treat as a minor domestic matter which could be brushed under the carpet , is exposed to the harsh light of day .
the result may be that , what a company had hoped to treat as a minor domestic matter which could be brushed under the carpet , is [revealed] to the harsh light of day .

Media coverage in the television age ensures that public attention is captured whilst slogans are shouted and wrongs exposed .
media coverage in the television age ensures that public attention is captured whilst slogans are shouted and wrongs [revealed] .

An hour or two after completion , when any lingering surface water has disappeared , all the exposed areas of the concrete should be covered with wet hessian sacks to prevent the concrete drying out too quickly .
an hour or two after completion , when any lingering surface water has disappeared , all the [revealed] areas of the concrete should be covered with wet hessian sacks to prevent the concrete drying out too quickly .

The whole hill had the appearance almost of a skull , the apertures like teeth exposed in a grin and black with decay .
the whole hill had the appearance almost of a skull , the apertures like teeth [revealed] in a grin and black with decay .

Once inside those walls , it really was another world , more than fifteen square kilometres of streets bordered by the crumbling walls of houses , public buildings , cemeteries and reservoirs , some with bits and pieces of bone lying exposed where long-dead looters and grave-robbers had been at work .
once inside those walls , it really was another world , more than fifteen square kilometres of streets bordered by the crumbling walls of houses , public buildings , cemeteries and reservoirs , some with bits and pieces of bone lying [revealed] where long-dead looters and grave-robbers had been at work .

Depletion of the stratospheric ozone layer through the accumulation of chloro-fluorocarbons ( CFCs ) , halons and a variety of other substances leaves the earth 's surface increasingly exposed to harmful radiation from the sun .
depletion of the stratospheric ozone layer through the accumulation of chloro-fluorocarbons ( cfcs ) , halons and a variety of other substances leaves the earth 's surface increasingly [revealed] to harmful radiation from the sun .

Not finding anything among the existing styles to which she was exposed , she created her own , dedicating it to the Buddhist nun who had taught her , but naming it after herself .
not finding anything among the existing styles to which she was [revealed] , she created her own , dedicating it to the buddhist nun who had taught her , but naming it after herself .

The defender 's body , now side-on , is able to evade the attacker 's front kick and strike home with his own front kick to his opponent 's exposed groin .
the defender 's body , now side-on , is able to evade the attacker 's front kick and strike home with his own front kick to his opponent 's [revealed] groin .

Rhyolitic volcanic glass ( obsidian ) when exposed to the atmosphere absorbs water to form a hydrated rind that increases in thickness in relation to time and/or temperature .
rhyolitic volcanic glass ( obsidian ) when [revealed] to the atmosphere absorbs water to form a hydrated rind that increases in thickness in relation to time and/or temperature .

He envisages that a change in outlook may derive from appreciation of the complex event sequences that new techniques have now exposed in the Quaternary ; from appraisal of the classical models of change to accommodate the realization that extreme rapidity of change now has to be considered when evaluating chronological biotal and geomorphological processes ; from adjustment of geomorphology to new knowledge of Quaternary change such as rate of ice sheet growth and decay ; and similar adjustment of biogeography and of palaeoclimatology .
he envisages that a change in outlook may derive from appreciation of the complex event sequences that new techniques have now [revealed] in the quaternary ; from appraisal of the classical models of change to accommodate the realization that extreme rapidity of change now has to be considered when evaluating chronological biotal and geomorphological processes ; from adjustment of geomorphology to new knowledge of quaternary change such as rate of ice sheet growth and decay ; and similar adjustment of biogeography and of palaeoclimatology .

Like all the best exposed culprits , he did n't try to bluff it out .
like all the best [revealed] culprits , he did n't try to bluff it out .

At the Belgrade Non-Aligned Summit in 1961 the Cambodian leader Prince Sihanouk proposed the creation of a ‘ neutralised or buffer zone ’ in the areas ‘ most directly exposed to the confrontation of the two blocs ’ , which would require ‘ persuading the two blocs to admit the usefulness of a chain of countries , whose neutrality they would solemnly recognise and guarantee , in order to eliminate the risk of conflict ’ .
at the belgrade non-aligned summit in 1961 the cambodian leader prince sihanouk proposed the creation of a ‘ neutralised or buffer zone ’ in the areas ‘ most directly [revealed] to the confrontation of the two blocs ’ , which would require ‘ persuading the two blocs to admit the usefulness of a chain of countries , whose neutrality they would solemnly recognise and guarantee , in order to eliminate the risk of conflict ’ .

On almost the whole of the exposed parts of the western coasts of Britain both the prevalent and dominant winds are the westerlies , but on the east coast , where the prevalent winds are still the westerlies , the dominant winds are the easterlies , as the westerly winds are blowing offshore and are incapable of producing waves affecting the coast .
on almost the whole of the [revealed] parts of the western coasts of britain both the prevalent and dominant winds are the westerlies , but on the east coast , where the prevalent winds are still the westerlies , the dominant winds are the easterlies , as the westerly winds are blowing offshore and are incapable of producing waves affecting the coast .

Where the rocks exposed in the cliffs are incoherent , pressures produced by the waves may be of less importance and much of the erosion accomplished by the load flung against the cliffs and by the simple swilling action of the waves , which removes the finer matrix from gravel beds .
where the rocks [revealed] in the cliffs are incoherent , pressures produced by the waves may be of less importance and much of the erosion accomplished by the load flung against the cliffs and by the simple swilling action of the waves , which removes the finer matrix from gravel beds .

Interesting forms may result where rocks of differing lithologies are exposed in the cliff face , especially where soft , incompetent rocks are overlain by resistant rocks .
interesting forms may result where rocks of differing lithologies are [revealed] in the cliff face , especially where soft , incompetent rocks are overlain by resistant rocks .

Any cliff or headland which faces the direction from which the greatest waves come will obviously be exposed to severe wave attack .
any cliff or headland which faces the direction from which the greatest waves come will obviously be [revealed] to severe wave attack .

Although it appears to be generally true that erosion is concentrated on the more exposed portions of the coast , one occasionally finds examples of marked marine erosion in extremely sheltered positions .
although it appears to be generally true that erosion is concentrated on the more [revealed] portions of the coast , one occasionally finds examples of marked marine erosion in extremely sheltered positions .

Exposed ( high energy ) beaches seem to have more gentle slopes for a given grain size of sediment than do protected ( low energy ) beaches .
[revealed] ( high energy ) beaches seem to have more gentle slopes for a given grain size of sediment than do protected ( low energy ) beaches .

This statement must not be taken to mean that exposed beaches have gentler profiles than protected beaches , because the energy available may itself affect the calibre of sediment present so that a complex relationship exists .
this statement must not be taken to mean that [revealed] beaches have gentler profiles than protected beaches , because the energy available may itself affect the calibre of sediment present so that a complex relationship exists .

That significant marine action extends to quite high levels is well known.Wentworth ( 1938 ) has for instance described an example from the Hawaiian Islands , where a block of tuff weighing about 7 tons has been moved several feet fro its natural position at an elevation of 12m ( 40 ft ) on an exposed cliff .
that significant marine action extends to quite high levels is well known.wentworth ( 1938 ) has for instance described an example from the hawaiian islands , where a block of tuff weighing about 7 tons has been moved several feet fro its natural position at an elevation of 12m ( 40 ft ) on an [revealed] cliff .

It has sometimes been argued that marine erosion is not active at present because raised beaches are still preserved on exposed parts of the coast , e.g .
it has sometimes been argued that marine erosion is not active at present because raised beaches are still preserved on [revealed] parts of the coast , e.g .

The necessary conditions for the formation of sand dunes are a wide foreshore exposed at low tide so that the wind blowing over it can dry the sand and set it in motion ; something to trap the sand and cause it to start accumulating ; and plants to colonise the pile of sand and by binding it together to prevent its complete destruction by the wind or high tides .
the necessary conditions for the formation of sand dunes are a wide foreshore [revealed] at low tide so that the wind blowing over it can dry the sand and set it in motion ; something to trap the sand and cause it to start accumulating ; and plants to colonise the pile of sand and by binding it together to prevent its complete destruction by the wind or high tides .

This , which is exposed at the very lowest tides , consists usually of a 300–500 m ( 1000–1600 ft ) wide surface of dead coral and debris partly cemented with encrusting algae .
this , which is [revealed] at the very lowest tides , consists usually of a 300–500 m ( 1000–1600 ft ) wide surface of dead coral and debris partly cemented with encrusting algae .

Accumulations of this material can move downwind through corrosion of the exposed side and the formation of new beach rock on the leeward side .
accumulations of this material can move downwind through corrosion of the [revealed] side and the formation of new beach rock on the leeward side .

Fringing reefs may occur directly exposed to the sea or may form on coasts within barrier reefs : the former often have a zonation similar to barrier reefs and atolls , but the latter have no algal ridge and often very abrupt outer edges .
fringing reefs may occur directly [revealed] to the sea or may form on coasts within barrier reefs : the former often have a zonation similar to barrier reefs and atolls , but the latter have no algal ridge and often very abrupt outer edges .

The mouth of the Loire has a submerged delta of this type , the two distributary channels being near the land on either side and separated by a mass of sediment some of which is exposed at low tide as banks in mid-estuary .
the mouth of the loire has a submerged delta of this type , the two distributary channels being near the land on either side and separated by a mass of sediment some of which is [revealed] at low tide as banks in mid-estuary .

Market culture — where public sector organisations are exposed to the market through competitive tendering , contracting out , internal markets and so on .
market culture — where public sector organisations are [revealed] to the market through competitive tendering , contracting out , internal markets and so on .

Spending by public sector organisations has to comply with complex and changing legal regulations , and is exposed to scrutiny at a number of levels .
spending by public sector organisations has to comply with complex and changing legal regulations , and is [revealed] to scrutiny at a number of levels .

It remains true that only teaching staff are expected to be routinely exposed to both bottom-up evaluation and top-down development .
it remains true that only teaching staff are expected to be routinely [revealed] to both bottom-up evaluation and top-down development .

As a result , the investigator is not exposed to a number of major sources of bias , such as physical appearance and accent .
as a result , the investigator is not [revealed] to a number of major sources of bias , such as physical appearance and accent .

The identification of the problem then is made by the adviser rather than the sufferer and the relationship between the need for legal services and the demands actually made by clients is exposed .
the identification of the problem then is made by the adviser rather than the sufferer and the relationship between the need for legal services and the demands actually made by clients is [revealed] .

If it be conceded that the need for legal advice arises from the existence of a legal problem , the difficulties in meeting that need would appear to have been exposed earlier in the chapter .
if it be conceded that the need for legal advice arises from the existence of a legal problem , the difficulties in meeting that need would appear to have been [revealed] earlier in the chapter .

The flaws in some of the ideas put forward by the Board have been cogently exposed , but it has shown a welcome willingness to take account of criticisms and alter its position accordingly .
the flaws in some of the ideas put forward by the board have been cogently [revealed] , but it has shown a welcome willingness to take account of criticisms and alter its position accordingly .

Some people are exposed ‘ to a choice between abandoning their legal rights and accepting the risk of suffering an undue financial burden .
some people are [revealed] ‘ to a choice between abandoning their legal rights and accepting the risk of suffering an undue financial burden .

The defenders pushed at the makeshift scaling ladders , and at least one went crashing back down into the crowd below ; but those who exposed themselves to do it were immediately the target of a dozen archers .
the defenders pushed at the makeshift scaling ladders , and at least one went crashing back down into the crowd below ; but those who [revealed] themselves to do it were immediately the target of a dozen archers .

At the Apollo 16 landing site ejecta from the crater South Ray was examined for the effects of exposure and it is estimated to have been exposed on the surface for about 2 Ma .
at the apollo 16 landing site ejecta from the crater south ray was examined for the effects of exposure and it is estimated to have been [revealed] on the surface for about 2 ma .

From the ages of the samples it is possible to establish the length of time for which certain regions on the Moon , particularly the maria , have been exposed to bombardment .
from the ages of the samples it is possible to establish the length of time for which certain regions on the moon , particularly the maria , have been [revealed] to bombardment .

The global scale non-hydrostatic state of the Moon can not be the result of a largely molten outer Moon solidifying in any gravitational environment to which the Moon is likely to have been exposed .
the global scale non-hydrostatic state of the moon can not be the result of a largely molten outer moon solidifying in any gravitational environment to which the moon is likely to have been [revealed] .

But this turnover is so extraordinarily slow that each grain could only have been exposed during the last 4600 Ma for a total time much less than a million years thus requiring considerably higher cosmic-ray intensities in the past , which though possible is thought by several scientists to be unlikely .
but this turnover is so extraordinarily slow that each grain could only have been [revealed] during the last 4600 ma for a total time much less than a million years thus requiring considerably higher cosmic-ray intensities in the past , which though possible is thought by several scientists to be unlikely .

If the Moon also lost most of its craters from the final stages of formation then the apparent failure on Mercury of post-formation bombardment to saturate the intercrater plains may seem to indicate that Mercury was exposed to a less numerous population of small bodies than the Moon .
if the moon also lost most of its craters from the final stages of formation then the apparent failure on mercury of post-formation bombardment to saturate the intercrater plains may seem to indicate that mercury was [revealed] to a less numerous population of small bodies than the moon .

These relative numbers indicate that the three planets were exposed to populations of small bodies in which there were the same relative numbers of bodies with various masses .
these relative numbers indicate that the three planets were [revealed] to populations of small bodies in which there were the same relative numbers of bodies with various masses .

It is not clear to what extent the planets were exposed to a common population during this late bombardment .
it is not clear to what extent the planets were [revealed] to a common population during this late bombardment .

Insulin coma received widespread backing from the psychiatric profession , but after decades of use was exposed as worthless .
insulin coma received widespread backing from the psychiatric profession , but after decades of use was [revealed] as worthless .

This libidinal energy , once let loose , could itself be exposed to an ordering , as in the theory of Freud and the practice of psychoanalysis .
this libidinal energy , once let loose , could itself be [revealed] to an ordering , as in the theory of freud and the practice of psychoanalysis .

Lord Fraser of Carmyllie , Scotland 's Lord Advocate , said he would have resigned if exposed to political pressure , and Assistant Attorney-General Bob Mueller insisted that no one had even tried to influence the investigation .
lord fraser of carmyllie , scotland 's lord advocate , said he would have resigned if [revealed] to political pressure , and assistant attorney-general bob mueller insisted that no one had even tried to influence the investigation .

Mary-Claude was sad to leave because , after spending much of the summer visiting her family with Sarah , she was not looking forward to an indefinite stay in Alabama , where she knew hardly anyone and where , after Beirut and Larnaca , the sheer difference in the scale of everything made her feel uneasy and exposed .
mary-claude was sad to leave because , after spending much of the summer visiting her family with sarah , she was not looking forward to an indefinite stay in alabama , where she knew hardly anyone and where , after beirut and larnaca , the sheer difference in the scale of everything made her feel uneasy and [revealed] .

He felt exposed and puny .
he felt [revealed] and puny .

Much the same was true of wife battering in England until Erin Pizzey and others exposed the phenomenon in the 1970s and legislation was introduced to combat it .
much the same was true of wife battering in england until erin pizzey and others [revealed] the phenomenon in the 1970s and legislation was introduced to combat it .

Men 's conjugal rights exposed women to an endless series of unwanted and unplanned pregnancies .
men 's conjugal rights [revealed] women to an endless series of unwanted and unplanned pregnancies .

Bicycle riders are exposed and vulnerable , and when they are involved in accidents their machines give them virtually no protection .
bicycle riders are [revealed] and vulnerable , and when they are involved in accidents their machines give them virtually no protection .

Bicycle riders are exposed and vulnerable , and when they are involved in accidents , their machines give them virtually no protection .
bicycle riders are [revealed] and vulnerable , and when they are involved in accidents , their machines give them virtually no protection .

Bicycle riders are exposed and vulnerable , and when they are involved in accidents their machines give them virtually no protection .
bicycle riders are [revealed] and vulnerable , and when they are involved in accidents their machines give them virtually no protection .

Following excavation for the underpass the piles were faced over their exposed height with a nominal 100 mm thick skin of in-situ facing concrete and tied together at the top by in-situ reinforced capping beams .
following excavation for the underpass the piles were faced over their [revealed] height with a nominal 100 mm thick skin of in-situ facing concrete and tied together at the top by in-situ reinforced capping beams .

Its exposed cliff-top position also severely reduces the scope for screening through the planting of trees and shrubs .
its [revealed] cliff-top position also severely reduces the scope for screening through the planting of trees and shrubs .

This , however , was the political and intellectual world to which our young colonials were exposed and from where they developed their own particular world views .
this , however , was the political and intellectual world to which our young colonials were [revealed] and from where they developed their own particular world views .

Rapidly the realisation spread among pre-literate peoples that by harvesting the fruits of the earth and by adding water to wild-growing , or naturally produced , sugar-containing raw materials — like grapes , fruits , berries or honey — and by leaving the sweet mishmash exposed in the warm air ( at the mercy of airborne yeasts ) , a highly prized stimulating beverage would reward the effort .
rapidly the realisation spread among pre-literate peoples that by harvesting the fruits of the earth and by adding water to wild-growing , or naturally produced , sugar-containing raw materials — like grapes , fruits , berries or honey — and by leaving the sweet mishmash [revealed] in the warm air ( at the mercy of airborne yeasts ) , a highly prized stimulating beverage would reward the effort .

Uta Maier-Maercker and Wolfgang Koch , of the Centre for Botanical Research in Munich , studied spruce trees and found that when exposed to ozone their stomata , the pores on the leaves through which water evaporates , did not open or close as efficiently as those of unexposed trees .
uta maier-maercker and wolfgang koch , of the centre for botanical research in munich , studied spruce trees and found that when [revealed] to ozone their stomata , the pores on the leaves through which water evaporates , did not open or close as efficiently as those of unexposed trees .

It is described by the Commission as `` an exposed , degraded landscape `` .
it is described by the commission as `` an [revealed] , degraded landscape `` .

Residues of agricultural chemicals left on the 50 miles of exposed sea bed are causing huge increases in heart disease , cancer and deaths from chronic gastritis , kidney disease and tuberculosis .
residues of agricultural chemicals left on the 50 miles of [revealed] sea bed are causing huge increases in heart disease , cancer and deaths from chronic gastritis , kidney disease and tuberculosis .

Adequate credit control systems will still be necessary and , above all , it is essential to recommend to the client that it obtains adequate insurance cover to guard against the risks to which it is exposed .
adequate credit control systems will still be necessary and , above all , it is essential to recommend to the client that it obtains adequate insurance cover to guard against the risks to which it is [revealed] .

More significant for domestic purposes is s10 ( 4 ) ( b ) and ( c ) which give the retailer a defence provided : ( i ) that he supplied the goods , offered or agreed to supply them or , as the case may be , exposed or possessed them for supply in the course of carrying on a retail business ; and ( ii ) that , at the time he supplied the goods or offered or agreed to supply them or exposed or possessed them for supply , he neither knew nor had reasonable grounds for believing that the goods failed to comply with the general safety requirement ; or ( c ) that the terms on which he supplied the goods or agreed or offered to supply them or , in the case of goods which he exposed or possessed for supply , the terms on which he intended to supply them ( i ) indicated that the goods were not supplied or to be supplied as new goods ; and ( ii ) provided for , or contemplated , the acquisition of an interest in the goods by the persons supplied or to be supplied .
more significant for domestic purposes is s10 ( 4 ) ( b ) and ( c ) which give the retailer a defence provided : ( i ) that he supplied the goods , offered or agreed to supply them or , as the case may be , [revealed] or possessed them for supply in the course of carrying on a retail business ; and ( ii ) that , at the time he supplied the goods or offered or agreed to supply them or [revealed] or possessed them for supply , he neither knew nor had reasonable grounds for believing that the goods failed to comply with the general safety requirement ; or ( c ) that the terms on which he supplied the goods or agreed or offered to supply them or , in the case of goods which he [revealed] or possessed for supply , the terms on which he intended to supply them ( i ) indicated that the goods were not supplied or to be supplied as new goods ; and ( ii ) provided for , or contemplated , the acquisition of an interest in the goods by the persons supplied or to be supplied .

The following year a London magistrate , struck by the notion that there should not be one law for the rich unavailable to the poor , permitted a man named Gleaves to bring proceedings against the authors and publishers of a book entitled `` Johnny Go Home `` , based on a Yorkshire television documentary which had exposed his insalubrious hospitality to feckless youths .
the following year a london magistrate , struck by the notion that there should not be one law for the rich unavailable to the poor , permitted a man named gleaves to bring proceedings against the authors and publishers of a book entitled `` johnny go home `` , based on a yorkshire television documentary which had [revealed] his insalubrious hospitality to feckless youths .

This applies both to Nazi propaganda , whose strategies and objectives are analysed and exposed by Sauer , and to the world portrayed in Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet , where , according to Ryan , the tragic fate of the two lovers is due to the inescapable power of the norms which regulate personal and sexual relationships in their particular society , and which are enforced and perpetuated through language .
this applies both to nazi propaganda , whose strategies and objectives are analysed and [revealed] by sauer , and to the world portrayed in shakespeare 's romeo and juliet , where , according to ryan , the tragic fate of the two lovers is due to the inescapable power of the norms which regulate personal and sexual relationships in their particular society , and which are enforced and perpetuated through language .

Attempts have been made to control parasitic bronchitis by grazing systems designed to ensure that young susceptible cattle are not exposed to large numbers of infective larvae .
attempts have been made to control parasitic bronchitis by grazing systems designed to ensure that young susceptible cattle are not [revealed] to large numbers of infective larvae .

Such animals may develop the disease if exposed to heavy larval challenge as might occur on pasture recently vacated by calves suffering from clinical husk .
such animals may develop the disease if [revealed] to heavy larval challenge as might occur on pasture recently vacated by calves suffering from clinical husk .

It arises when an immune animal is suddenly exposed to a massive larval challenge , usually from a heavily contaminated field .
it arises when an immune animal is suddenly [revealed] to a massive larval challenge , usually from a heavily contaminated field .

The gilts are reared on land which is dry and exposed to the sun .
the gilts are reared on land which is dry and [revealed] to the sun .

In contrast , dry impervious surfaces , particularly if exposed to sunlight , are lethal to larvae within a day or so .
in contrast , dry impervious surfaces , particularly if [revealed] to sunlight , are lethal to larvae within a day or so .

The most important feature is the reservoir of larvae in the tissues of the cow , with subsequent milk-borne transmission ensuring that calves are exposed to infection from the first day of life .
the most important feature is the reservoir of larvae in the tissues of the cow , with subsequent milk-borne transmission ensuring that calves are [revealed] to infection from the first day of life .

There was a raw , exposed feel , an ill-concealed violence in the air .
there was a raw , [revealed] feel , an ill-concealed violence in the air .

Lindsey almost flinched herself as she made a gentle examination of the blistered area . ‘ You realise , do n't you , that it 's highly dangerous to leave your skin exposed to sunlight without some kind of covering ? ’
lindsey almost flinched herself as she made a gentle examination of the blistered area . ‘ you realise , do n't you , that it 's highly dangerous to leave your skin [revealed] to sunlight without some kind of covering ? ’

At the same time , pupils are also exposed to one practical application of the microcomputer which will be relevant outside school .
at the same time , pupils are also [revealed] to one practical application of the microcomputer which will be relevant outside school .

And to her horror she could see that in her haste to come and speak to him she had only buttoned the bottom two buttons , and the way she was sitting , crouching forward slightly , one smooth , firm breast was entirely exposed .
and to her horror she could see that in her haste to come and speak to him she had only buttoned the bottom two buttons , and the way she was sitting , crouching forward slightly , one smooth , firm breast was entirely [revealed] .

Dorigo and Kelly got caught out many times on Saturday , the central defenders are suspect , so the full-backs should be helping them not leaving them more exposed .
dorigo and kelly got caught out many times on saturday , the central defenders are suspect , so the full-backs should be helping them not leaving them more [revealed] .

‘ The folly of this was illustrated by the controversial sale of the assets of the Mentmore estate in 1977 which exposed the need for a fund which could exercise similar powers to those of the secretary of state , with sufficient resources , and without excessive central government control ’ .
‘ the folly of this was illustrated by the controversial sale of the assets of the mentmore estate in 1977 which [revealed] the need for a fund which could exercise similar powers to those of the secretary of state , with sufficient resources , and without excessive central government control ’ .

Thus , if people achieve a fair degree of mastery over outcomes and have experience in controlling and manipulating the sources of reinforcement in their lives before they are exposed to uncontrollability , they should be more resilient to depression .
thus , if people achieve a fair degree of mastery over outcomes and have experience in controlling and manipulating the sources of reinforcement in their lives before they are [revealed] to uncontrollability , they should be more resilient to depression .

Describing the lighting in New Mexico as red , violent , highly exposed , unusual and unexpected , Rothenberg 's work has been deeply affected by the move .
describing the lighting in new mexico as red , violent , highly [revealed] , unusual and unexpected , rothenberg 's work has been deeply affected by the move .

True his lack of real pace when left exposed has shown up occasionally .
true his lack of real pace when left [revealed] has shown up occasionally .

Scums strength in depth was exposed when you see they had Ferguson and Dublin on the bench .
scums strength in depth was [revealed] when you see they had ferguson and dublin on the bench .

This is where this fallacy about their squad would have been completely exposed .
this is where this fallacy about their squad would have been completely [revealed] .

Indeed , pollen exposed to ants for a short time has reduced germinability and shorter pollen-tubes : such pollen leads to lower seed set .
indeed , pollen [revealed] to ants for a short time has reduced germinability and shorter pollen-tubes : such pollen leads to lower seed set .

In the oviposited flowers , the ovules are stimulated to produce only endosperm on which the larvae feed , a process not unlike more exposed gall formation in other plants .
in the oviposited flowers , the ovules are stimulated to produce only endosperm on which the larvae feed , a process not unlike more [revealed] gall formation in other plants .

An example that pinpoints the problem was exposed when a map of all trees over 20 cm diameter at breast height in 2 sq km of the semi-deciduous forest of Barro Colorado Island was made .
an example that pinpoints the problem was [revealed] when a map of all trees over 20 cm diameter at breast height in 2 sq km of the semi-deciduous forest of barro colorado island was made .

Albizia , Tectona ( teak ) , Ochroma ( balsa ) , Macaranga ; ( ii ) trees of the consolidation phase , which are only capable of rapid growth when exposed , i.e .
albizia , tectona ( teak ) , ochroma ( balsa ) , macaranga ; ( ii ) trees of the consolidation phase , which are only capable of rapid growth when [revealed] , i.e .

Panorama also exposed the failure of Upjohn to reveal the damaging side effects of the world 's most popular sleeping pill — Halcyon .
panorama also [revealed] the failure of upjohn to reveal the damaging side effects of the world 's most popular sleeping pill — halcyon .

An Assignment special on Japan exposed the Japanese government 's moral ambivalence to its war crimes , while Public Eye revealed that there was no conspiracy in removing Stalker .
an assignment special on japan [revealed] the japanese government 's moral ambivalence to its war crimes , while public eye revealed that there was no conspiracy in removing stalker .

Words of warning were lurking somewhere in the darkest recesses of her mind , but the physical longing was n't so easy to abruptly cancel out , and besides Guy was already peeling the rest of the gold swimsuit down to her waist , then straddling her to place strategic kisses along the path of exposed skin as he lifted her hips to ease the costume down to her thighs .
words of warning were lurking somewhere in the darkest recesses of her mind , but the physical longing was n't so easy to abruptly cancel out , and besides guy was already peeling the rest of the gold swimsuit down to her waist , then straddling her to place strategic kisses along the path of [revealed] skin as he lifted her hips to ease the costume down to her thighs .

The cotton-jersey nightshirt clung to the soft swell of her breasts and closely skimmed the curve of her hips , exposed a great deal of slender tanned thigh .
the cotton-jersey nightshirt clung to the soft swell of her breasts and closely skimmed the curve of her hips , [revealed] a great deal of slender tanned thigh .

‘ Guy … ? ’ She felt a curious leap of apprehension at the thought of seeing him again this morning , after the unthinkable intimacy of last night … And … not shy , exactly … what ? Exposed . Vulnerable , and exposed …
‘ guy … ? ’ she felt a curious leap of apprehension at the thought of seeing him again this morning , after the unthinkable intimacy of last night … and … not shy , exactly … what ? [revealed] . vulnerable , and [revealed] …

But Shelley was unable to get rid of the sense of shame , of being exposed and cheated .
but shelley was unable to get rid of the sense of shame , of being [revealed] and cheated .

Mocking eyes closed , firm mouth relaxed , black hair tumbling over his high forehead , he appeared younger , exposed , subject to the vulnerability that sleep brought .
mocking eyes closed , firm mouth relaxed , black hair tumbling over his high forehead , he appeared younger , [revealed] , subject to the vulnerability that sleep brought .

His eyes blackened angrily and Ruth supposed she had been right and exposed him for what he was — a cool bastard .
his eyes blackened angrily and ruth supposed she had been right and [revealed] him for what he was — a cool bastard .

She was laughing and relishing the delicious feeling of her breasts exposed to the warm night air .
she was laughing and relishing the delicious feeling of her breasts [revealed] to the warm night air .

To tell him the truth would be to reveal her inner self , she would leave herself exposed and vulnerable and —
to tell him the truth would be to reveal her inner self , she would leave herself [revealed] and vulnerable and —

As his movements exposed her hips and the flatness of her stomach she moved restlessly , clenching her hands into fists as her breathing became constricted .
as his movements [revealed] her hips and the flatness of her stomach she moved restlessly , clenching her hands into fists as her breathing became constricted .

‘ You mean we should make love , not war ? ’ he enquired , brushing his fingertips across the smooth , tanned roundness of her exposed shoulder .
‘ you mean we should make love , not war ? ’ he enquired , brushing his fingertips across the smooth , tanned roundness of her [revealed] shoulder .

‘ So high , so proud , ’ he murmured , his dark eyes devouring the beauty of her exposed breasts .
‘ so high , so proud , ’ he murmured , his dark eyes devouring the beauty of her [revealed] breasts .

’ Reaching out , Vitor touched a honey-coloured strand of hair which had tumbled from her topknot to curl down over the exposed nape of her neck .
’ reaching out , vitor touched a honey-coloured strand of hair which had tumbled from her topknot to curl down over the [revealed] nape of her neck .

Why had she exposed herself to the danger of someone remarking on the likeness between her son and her escort , and making the obvious connection ?
why had she [revealed] herself to the danger of someone remarking on the likeness between her son and her escort , and making the obvious connection ?

This can be contrasted with the antiquity of rocks exposed over large areas of the continents which in some cases are more than 3000 Ma old .
this can be contrasted with the antiquity of rocks [revealed] over large areas of the continents which in some cases are more than 3000 ma old .

The outer-arc ridge is usually a submarine feature but in a few cases , such as Barbados in the West Indies and Middleton Island in the Aleutian Arc in Alaska , parts of it are exposed above sea level .
the outer-arc ridge is usually a submarine feature but in a few cases , such as barbados in the west indies and middleton island in the aleutian arc in alaska , parts of it are [revealed] above sea level .

Although it is from 1 to 3 km below sea level off Java , along most of the coast of Sumatra parts of it are exposed as the Mentawai and other islands ( Figs 3.9 and 3.14 ) .
although it is from 1 to 3 km below sea level off java , along most of the coast of sumatra parts of it are [revealed] as the mentawai and other islands ( figs 3.9 and 3.14 ) .

The latter two phenomena essentially restore the crust to its approximate elevation before loading by ice or water , but denudation can lead to continued uplift of the crust for as long as continental crust is sub-aerially exposed .
the latter two phenomena essentially restore the crust to its approximate elevation before loading by ice or water , but denudation can lead to continued uplift of the crust for as long as continental crust is sub-aerially [revealed] .

Secondly , the rocks of intrusions are often more resistant to erosion than the surrounding country rock so they frequently form prominent landforms once exposed at the surface .
secondly , the rocks of intrusions are often more resistant to erosion than the surrounding country rock so they frequently form prominent landforms once [revealed] at the surface .

There are presently around 600 active volcanoes on the continents or exposed above the sea as islands .
there are presently around 600 active volcanoes on the continents or [revealed] above the sea as islands .

Pods of country rock surrounded by intrusive material create roof pendants when subsequently exposed by erosion ( Fig .
pods of country rock surrounded by intrusive material create roof pendants when subsequently [revealed] by erosion ( fig .

An important factor in the mode of landscape development on granite batholiths once they are sub-aerially exposed is the joint structure that they form .
an important factor in the mode of landscape development on granite batholiths once they are sub-aerially [revealed] is the joint structure that they form .

Such intrusions , which rarely attain the dimensions of batholiths , are known as lopoliths and their layered structure tends to lead to the formation of series of outward-facing scarps as they are exposed by erosion .
such intrusions , which rarely attain the dimensions of batholiths , are known as lopoliths and their layered structure tends to lead to the formation of series of outward-facing scarps as they are [revealed] by erosion .

Where exposed by erosion even quite small intrusions can be significant features in the landscape , especially if they are composed of a rock type which is markedly more resistant to weathering than the adjacent strata .
where [revealed] by erosion even quite small intrusions can be significant features in the landscape , especially if they are composed of a rock type which is markedly more resistant to weathering than the adjacent strata .

Although we might expect bedrock mineralogy to exert a pervasive control over the products of chemical weathering this is not the case , at least at the broad scale , both because the rocks and minerals exposed at the Earth 's surface are dominated by just two or three types ( Table 6.5 ) , and because prolonged weathering tends to lead to a convergence of secondary mineral types irrespective of parent material mineralogy .
although we might expect bedrock mineralogy to exert a pervasive control over the products of chemical weathering this is not the case , at least at the broad scale , both because the rocks and minerals [revealed] at the earth 's surface are dominated by just two or three types ( table 6.5 ) , and because prolonged weathering tends to lead to a convergence of secondary mineral types irrespective of parent material mineralogy .

When Joe told his story of making love in a cold doorway with his backside exposed to the street , Lou told him he was a fool .
when joe told his story of making love in a cold doorway with his backside [revealed] to the street , lou told him he was a fool .

It should always be possible for the salaried partner to rely on the nature of his subordinate position to claim to be entitled ( at any rate by necessary implication ) to an indemnity from the full partners in respect of any additional liabilities to which his being held out has exposed him : but as a matter of good practice , every would-be salaried partner should insist on written terms which clarify his standing in the firm and effectually indemnify him against extraordinary expenses and liabilities .
it should always be possible for the salaried partner to rely on the nature of his subordinate position to claim to be entitled ( at any rate by necessary implication ) to an indemnity from the full partners in respect of any additional liabilities to which his being held out has [revealed] him : but as a matter of good practice , every would-be salaried partner should insist on written terms which clarify his standing in the firm and effectually indemnify him against extraordinary expenses and liabilities .

Even then , of course , an indemnity is only as good as the persons required to give it : and if the equity partners themselves become bankrupt in the wake of the firm 's insolvency , the salaried partner is left exposed .
even then , of course , an indemnity is only as good as the persons required to give it : and if the equity partners themselves become bankrupt in the wake of the firm 's insolvency , the salaried partner is left [revealed] .

This derives from the long established principle that the risk to which a guarantor is exposed can not be altered in any material way without his prior consent .
this derives from the long established principle that the risk to which a guarantor is [revealed] can not be altered in any material way without his prior consent .

It is a matter of construction of the contract and the surrounding circumstances as to whether the prohibition is intended merely to place the vendor in breach of contract and exposed to a claim for damages or whether the prohibition is intended to render the assignment ineffective and make it clear that the contract is personal .
it is a matter of construction of the contract and the surrounding circumstances as to whether the prohibition is intended merely to place the vendor in breach of contract and [revealed] to a claim for damages or whether the prohibition is intended to render the assignment ineffective and make it clear that the contract is personal .

Studies on people exposed to high concentrations of benzene in the workplace have shown it is linked with leukaemia .
studies on people [revealed] to high concentrations of benzene in the workplace have shown it is linked with leukaemia .

Around 450,000 people are estimated to have been exposed to radioactive emissions from the Mayak plant near Chelyabinsk ( which still produces plutonium and reprocesses waste ) in the 1940s and 50s .
around 450,000 people are estimated to have been [revealed] to radioactive emissions from the mayak plant near chelyabinsk ( which still produces plutonium and reprocesses waste ) in the 1940s and 50s .

Doubt has been cast on a study which suggested that children of fathers who had been exposed to low levels of radiation in the course of their jobs were more likely to develop leukaemia .
doubt has been cast on a study which suggested that children of fathers who had been [revealed] to low levels of radiation in the course of their jobs were more likely to develop leukaemia .

The original study , carried out by the late Professor Martin Gardner of Southampton University , found that there was between a fivefold and eightfold risk of cancer in children if their fathers had been exposed to significant levels of radiation .
the original study , carried out by the late professor martin gardner of southampton university , found that there was between a fivefold and eightfold risk of cancer in children if their fathers had been [revealed] to significant levels of radiation .

The new study , carried out by the Cancer Research Campaign 's Epidemiology Unit at Oxford University , found no difference in cancer rates between children whose fathers had been exposed to radiation and those whose fathers had not .
the new study , carried out by the cancer research campaign 's epidemiology unit at oxford university , found no difference in cancer rates between children whose fathers had been [revealed] to radiation and those whose fathers had not .

Gulf war veterans exposed to radiation
gulf war veterans [revealed] to radiation

The National Toxics Campaign Fund , a US-based charity says the unexplained illnesses of hundreds of Gulf war veterans may be due to being exposed to radiation from weapons tipped with depleted uranium .
the national toxics campaign fund , a us-based charity says the unexplained illnesses of hundreds of gulf war veterans may be due to being [revealed] to radiation from weapons tipped with depleted uranium .

People living near about 50 American weapons manufacturing and testing sites may also have been exposed to carcinogenic radiation , the fund said .
people living near about 50 american weapons manufacturing and testing sites may also have been [revealed] to carcinogenic radiation , the fund said .

When the wetlands are drained the iron pyrites in the soil are exposed to air and form sulphur acid .
when the wetlands are drained the iron pyrites in the soil are [revealed] to air and form sulphur acid .

Many studies have been published since , but none so far has convinced regulatory bodies that action should be taken to protect populations exposed to electromagnetic radiation .
many studies have been published since , but none so far has convinced regulatory bodies that action should be taken to protect populations [revealed] to electromagnetic radiation .

Large areas have been ruined by nuclear testing , which exposed millions of people to radiation .
large areas have been ruined by nuclear testing , which [revealed] millions of people to radiation .

People living in the areas had been exposed to three times the acceptable level of ionising radiation .
people living in the areas had been [revealed] to three times the acceptable level of ionising radiation .

It also states that the findings do not support or detract from the Gardner report in 1990 , which found that cancers occurred in children whose fathers had been exposed to high levels of radiation before the child was conceived .
it also states that the findings do not support or detract from the gardner report in 1990 , which found that cancers occurred in children whose fathers had been [revealed] to high levels of radiation before the child was conceived .

This does n't require prohibitively much energy : a male 's tiny pinprick can be seen by a female from some distance on a dark night , since her eyes are exposed directly to the light source itself .
this does n't require prohibitively much energy : a male 's tiny pinprick can be seen by a female from some distance on a dark night , since her eyes are [revealed] directly to the light source itself .

This paper reviews two themes which have been exposed by feminist researchers : the idealisation of domesticity and the rationalisation of housework .
this paper reviews two themes which have been [revealed] by feminist researchers : the idealisation of domesticity and the rationalisation of housework .

Photograph by Belfast Exposed
photograph by belfast [revealed]

Castles can be explored at Llansteffan and Newcastle Emlyn in particular although a fine Castle gateway and some exposed walls can be seen at Carmarthen , with Laugharne Castle currently closed for environmental works .
castles can be explored at llansteffan and newcastle emlyn in particular although a fine castle gateway and some [revealed] walls can be seen at carmarthen , with laugharne castle currently closed for environmental works .

By this time the manner of Cutter 's death was known throughout ie camp and somehow it appeared disconcertingly trivial for a man `` ho had so often exposed himself to such great danger .
by this time the manner of cutter 's death was known throughout ie camp and somehow it appeared disconcertingly trivial for a man `` ho had so often [revealed] himself to such great danger .

But hardly had a white part been exposed before blackness covered it again .
but hardly had a white part been [revealed] before blackness covered it again .

Her body , both young men were interested to discover , was remarkably like the statues of young women they had seen like , for instance , the Collector 's plaster cast of Andromeda Exposed to the Monster , though , of course , without any chains .
her body , both young men were interested to discover , was remarkably like the statues of young women they had seen like , for instance , the collector 's plaster cast of andromeda [revealed] to the monster , though , of course , without any chains .

" Think of the American vacuum coffin guaranteed to preserve corpses from decomposing ! Was that not against the word of God who decreed : " Dust unto dust " ? Think of the countless statues of unclothed young women . Think of the male statues which are even now being exposed at Sydenham without adequate covering and which may be viewed by innocent girls ! "
" think of the american vacuum coffin guaranteed to preserve corpses from decomposing ! was that not against the word of god who decreed : " dust unto dust " ? think of the countless statues of unclothed young women . think of the male statues which are even now being [revealed] at sydenham without adequate covering and which may be viewed by innocent girls ! "

Giant clams on the reef may grow to be a metre long ; they lie embedded in the coral , their mantles fully exposed , a zigzag of brilliant green flesh spotted with black , which pulsates gently as water is pumped through it .
giant clams on the reef may grow to be a metre long ; they lie embedded in the coral , their mantles fully [revealed] , a zigzag of brilliant green flesh spotted with black , which pulsates gently as water is pumped through it .

Where the column crosses an exposed area its flanks are guarded by soldiers , armed with huge jaws and totally blind .
where the column crosses an [revealed] area its flanks are guarded by soldiers , armed with huge jaws and totally blind .

Among the sea anemones sticking limply to the rocks exposed at low tide , there are , almost everywhere in the world , rather different lumps of jelly .
among the sea anemones sticking limply to the rocks [revealed] at low tide , there are , almost everywhere in the world , rather different lumps of jelly .

Rain and rivers eroded the soft sandstones that had filled the lagoon basin , scouring them away so that today the reefs are exposed once more , high and dry , facing not the sea but desert covered with clumps of spinifex grass and stunted mulga trees .
rain and rivers eroded the soft sandstones that had filled the lagoon basin , scouring them away so that today the reefs are [revealed] once more , high and dry , facing not the sea but desert covered with clumps of spinifex grass and stunted mulga trees .

Gradually the rock fell away and exposed , in astonishing perfection , the first complete and undistorted skeletons of the world 's earliest true fish .
gradually the rock fell away and [revealed] , in astonishing perfection , the first complete and undistorted skeletons of the world 's earliest true fish .

Away from the reefs , in more dangerous and exposed waters , the males still often adopt brilliant colours , risking conspicuousness , in order to threaten rivals and attract females .
away from the reefs , in more dangerous and [revealed] waters , the males still often adopt brilliant colours , risking conspicuousness , in order to threaten rivals and attract females .

Companies had to be exposed to the full rigour of the market — so they would feel the full impact of success and failure .
companies had to be [revealed] to the full rigour of the market — so they would feel the full impact of success and failure .

Through reference to pictures produced by Aboriginal children in Australia , Wales illustrates what can occur when children are exposed to quite different cultural influences .
through reference to pictures produced by aboriginal children in australia , wales illustrates what can occur when children are [revealed] to quite different cultural influences .

The experience of the seven-year-olds outside the communicative system is still limited , and their limitations are particularly exposed when it comes to repairing inadequate instructions .
the experience of the seven-year-olds outside the communicative system is still limited , and their limitations are particularly [revealed] when it comes to repairing inadequate instructions .

Giant trunks of trees reared on either side , their roots exposed because of the steepness of the slope .
giant trunks of trees reared on either side , their roots [revealed] because of the steepness of the slope .

They were however years of pleasure compared with the five which were to follow , when , with his successor Neville Chamberlain first out of 10 , Downing Street and then dead in six months , Baldwin became a target of resentment for the perils to which the nation found itself exposed .
they were however years of pleasure compared with the five which were to follow , when , with his successor neville chamberlain first out of 10 , downing street and then dead in six months , baldwin became a target of resentment for the perils to which the nation found itself [revealed] .

Ramsay MacDonald would never have exposed himself so apparently free from the burdens of state .
ramsay macdonald would never have [revealed] himself so apparently free from the burdens of state .

Chamberlain 's death left Baldwin more exposed .
chamberlain 's death left baldwin more [revealed] .

Do n't wear perfume when sunbathing — even skins that are n't usually sensitive may develop a rash or brown marks when exposed to the sun .
do n't wear perfume when sunbathing — even skins that are n't usually sensitive may develop a rash or brown marks when [revealed] to the sun .

And when the programme as exposed by the discoverer is seen to have been falsified by history , what in Marx was bravery becomes in latter-day Marxism mere bravado .
and when the programme as [revealed] by the discoverer is seen to have been falsified by history , what in marx was bravery becomes in latter-day marxism mere bravado .

’ Mr Moss Evans 's union , the Transport and General Workers , had called the lorry drivers out on the strike that a reading of contemporary newspapers suggests was the event , seen as characteristic of the abuse by trade unions of their power , that most vividly exposed the vacuity at the heart of policy and so most damaged the Labour Government 's prestige and prospects .
’ mr moss evans 's union , the transport and general workers , had called the lorry drivers out on the strike that a reading of contemporary newspapers suggests was the event , seen as characteristic of the abuse by trade unions of their power , that most vividly [revealed] the vacuity at the heart of policy and so most damaged the labour government 's prestige and prospects .

The macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form is that it is just such another structure ; that the structural change lies in making labour the employer of capital rather than , as at present capital the employer of labour ; that such a change would fuse the interests of ownership and labour , interests which so long as they remain separate must also remain ultimately opposed ; and that , because relations among co-operatives and between producers and providers on the one hand , and consumers and users on the other would be determined by the operation of a free competitive market , the workers in each co-operative will be exposed to its imperative discipline .
the macro-economic case for the widespread and general adoption of the industrial co-operative form is that it is just such another structure ; that the structural change lies in making labour the employer of capital rather than , as at present capital the employer of labour ; that such a change would fuse the interests of ownership and labour , interests which so long as they remain separate must also remain ultimately opposed ; and that , because relations among co-operatives and between producers and providers on the one hand , and consumers and users on the other would be determined by the operation of a free competitive market , the workers in each co-operative will be [revealed] to its imperative discipline .

These changes in the subject matter of international law , in the participants in international activities , and in the arenas within which the participants perform have exposed the inadequacies of the bilateral model for the accommodation of third parties , either as individual members of the international community or collectively as the international community as a whole .
these changes in the subject matter of international law , in the participants in international activities , and in the arenas within which the participants perform have [revealed] the inadequacies of the bilateral model for the accommodation of third parties , either as individual members of the international community or collectively as the international community as a whole .

The litigation has starkly exposed the defects in the regulation of international organisations ' relations with third parties , and the lack of judicial remedy within domestic courts .
the litigation has starkly [revealed] the defects in the regulation of international organisations ' relations with third parties , and the lack of judicial remedy within domestic courts .

She had dared , and she had not been struck dead for it ; she had exposed herself , and she had not been raped , assaulted , or even insulted .
she had dared , and she had not been struck dead for it ; she had [revealed] herself , and she had not been raped , assaulted , or even insulted .

Essentially an admirer of France , he exposed the Achilles heel of a French republic founded upon revolutionary principles : but he did not strike at it .
essentially an admirer of france , he [revealed] the achilles heel of a french republic founded upon revolutionary principles : but he did not strike at it .

The Talmud , Jewry 's equivalent of the Holy Bible is exposed as a depraved work , which amongst other perversions , advocates sexual relations with very young children .
the talmud , jewry 's equivalent of the holy bible is [revealed] as a depraved work , which amongst other perversions , advocates sexual relations with very young children .

The wrongful acceptance by Christians that the folk and stories of the Old Testament are the forebears of Modern Jewry is also exposed .
the wrongful acceptance by christians that the folk and stories of the old testament are the forebears of modern jewry is also [revealed] .

The case shocked the public : here was a respected intellectual , close to the highest circles in the Democratic Party and the Federal government , apparently exposed as a traitor .
the case shocked the public : here was a respected intellectual , close to the highest circles in the democratic party and the federal government , apparently [revealed] as a traitor .

The subsequent televised hearings exposed no Communist infiltrators , and made plain to millions the viciousness of McCarthy as he cast about for victims .
the subsequent televised hearings [revealed] no communist infiltrators , and made plain to millions the viciousness of mccarthy as he cast about for victims .

The train of events which they began exposed the American system of government to a challenge at once humiliating and formidable .
the train of events which they began [revealed] the american system of government to a challenge at once humiliating and formidable .

This discussion has exposed yet another severe problem for quantitative stylistics .
this discussion has [revealed] yet another severe problem for quantitative stylistics .

The Unionists also had two other arguments in their case . In the first place it could be argued that a democratic government would not impose unreasonably on minorities ; this exposed the party to Liberal charges that they were indifferent to the Irish Nationalists , but it also exposed the weakness of the government 's position , as Law explained to the Commons in January 1913 :
the unionists also had two other arguments in their case . in the first place it could be argued that a democratic government would not impose unreasonably on minorities ; this [revealed] the party to liberal charges that they were indifferent to the irish nationalists , but it also [revealed] the weakness of the government 's position , as law explained to the commons in january 1913 :

Lansdowne was more exposed to the views of the real diehards and was thus a restraining influence on Law .
lansdowne was more [revealed] to the views of the real diehards and was thus a restraining influence on law .

If Unionists were vindicated by the war , not just in its taking place but in its nature , then by the same token Liberals were exposed .
if unionists were vindicated by the war , not just in its taking place but in its nature , then by the same token liberals were [revealed] .

The campaign for conscription was at least in part intended to force opponents of the war out into the open , so that their lack of patriotism could be exposed when it would be unpopular .
the campaign for conscription was at least in part intended to force opponents of the war out into the open , so that their lack of patriotism could be [revealed] when it would be unpopular .

Younger was in a very exposed position , for he was Chairman of the National Union Executive responsible for carrying out its decisions , as well as Party Chairman and so committed to the leader and the coalition .
younger was in a very [revealed] position , for he was chairman of the national union executive responsible for carrying out its decisions , as well as party chairman and so committed to the leader and the coalition .

It had not occurred to him that there would be a place underground where he would be exposed on three sides .
it had not occurred to him that there would be a place underground where he would be [revealed] on three sides .

An ordinary body exposed to radiation absorbs some of it and reflects the rest .
an ordinary body [revealed] to radiation absorbs some of it and reflects the rest .

Keith Brown , by contrast , has exposed its shortcomings .
keith brown , by contrast , has [revealed] its shortcomings .

Another exception to the proposed pattern , is the 34 acre town at Caister-by-Yarmouth ; this is the only town apart from Brough-on-Humber , which occupied an exposed position on the east coast , vulnerable to sea-raiders and it probably required this protection , but it must also have had a special relationship with the nearby Saxon Shore fort at Burgh Castle .
another exception to the proposed pattern , is the 34 acre town at caister-by-yarmouth ; this is the only town apart from brough-on-humber , which occupied an [revealed] position on the east coast , vulnerable to sea-raiders and it probably required this protection , but it must also have had a special relationship with the nearby saxon shore fort at burgh castle .

Theories that inform these beliefs must be exposed and examined .
theories that inform these beliefs must be [revealed] and examined .

The position of some of the pictures , which had left them exposed to direct sunlight for many decades , had also contributed to their deterioration .
the position of some of the pictures , which had left them [revealed] to direct sunlight for many decades , had also contributed to their deterioration .

For smokers who are exposed to such substances as asbestos , their risks of developing lung cancer tend to multiply together and become very large .
for smokers who are [revealed] to such substances as asbestos , their risks of developing lung cancer tend to multiply together and become very large .

Smokers are also exposed to sidestream smoke from their own and others ' cigarettes .
smokers are also [revealed] to sidestream smoke from their own and others ' cigarettes .

Adults with asthma experience a significant and substantial decline in lung function when exposed to sidestream smoke for one hour [ 3 ] .
adults with asthma experience a significant and substantial decline in lung function when [revealed] to sidestream smoke for one hour [ 3 ] .

However , in such studies , pipe and cigar smokers were usually defined as those who had never smoked cigarettes : these primary smokers tend not to inhale and so are exposed to relatively low amounts of tar and other harmful constituents of the tobacco smoke compared with cigarette smokers .
however , in such studies , pipe and cigar smokers were usually defined as those who had never smoked cigarettes : these primary smokers tend not to inhale and so are [revealed] to relatively low amounts of tar and other harmful constituents of the tobacco smoke compared with cigarette smokers .

Although the oesophagus is not directly exposed to tobacco smoke , its constituents condense in the mucous membranes of the mouth and pharynx and are swallowed .
although the oesophagus is not directly [revealed] to tobacco smoke , its constituents condense in the mucous membranes of the mouth and pharynx and are swallowed .

When threatened , you attack , aiming at the vulnerability exposed in the other .
when threatened , you attack , aiming at the vulnerability [revealed] in the other .

In this study forty children with a mean age of four years and five months were divided into two groups : one group received ‘ nurturant ’ behaviour from a role model , while the other group was exposed to a non-nurturant relationship .
in this study forty children with a mean age of four years and five months were divided into two groups : one group received ‘ nurturant ’ behaviour from a role model , while the other group was [revealed] to a non-nurturant relationship .

If you think that there is a good chance of a daily newspaper using one of your pictures but do n't feel that they are likely to send their own staff photographers , a phone call to the picture editor could arrange the delivery of exposed film immediately after the event .
if you think that there is a good chance of a daily newspaper using one of your pictures but do n't feel that they are likely to send their own staff photographers , a phone call to the picture editor could arrange the delivery of [revealed] film immediately after the event .

Particularly bad contamination with copper can arise from the use of ammonia solutions in vessels exposed to the air .
particularly bad contamination with copper can arise from the use of ammonia solutions in vessels [revealed] to the air .

This process may take 20 years or more to complete , and is more pronounced if natural dyes have been used or if the rug has been exposed to direct sunlight .
this process may take 20 years or more to complete , and is more pronounced if natural dyes have been used or if the rug has been [revealed] to direct sunlight .

Excessive fading can occur if a rug is exposed to long periods of strong sunlight , and is best avoided by either relocating the rug or putting it in storage for the summer .
excessive fading can occur if a rug is [revealed] to long periods of strong sunlight , and is best avoided by either relocating the rug or putting it in storage for the summer .

Attempts to perform automated semantic analysis by means of the selectional restrictions provided by semantic features have almost universally exposed the theory as being crude and inefficient . At the simplest level , semantic features may help identify correct word senses in sentences such as : John hit the post with a ball
attempts to perform automated semantic analysis by means of the selectional restrictions provided by semantic features have almost universally [revealed] the theory as being crude and inefficient . at the simplest level , semantic features may help identify correct word senses in sentences such as : john hit the post with a ball

Prior to the nineteenth century children were dressed as miniature adults , complete with all the external manifestations of masculinity and femininity ; exposed to the social aspects of adult sexuality earlier than modern children , they probably had much less difficulty in coping with their own biological changes .
prior to the nineteenth century children were dressed as miniature adults , complete with all the external manifestations of masculinity and femininity ; [revealed] to the social aspects of adult sexuality earlier than modern children , they probably had much less difficulty in coping with their own biological changes .

But young women were often vulnerable , and despite vigorous efforts to maintain a sexual independence , were in exposed positions .
but young women were often vulnerable , and despite vigorous efforts to maintain a sexual independence , were in [revealed] positions .

Patsy jinked away from him , on his toes , his hands held low , leaving his face completely exposed .
patsy jinked away from him , on his toes , his hands held low , leaving his face completely [revealed] .

In a cumbersome way it seems to have done this fairly effectively , for it was difficult for an official to embezzle royal money without being exposed in the long run , although the run was often so long that he was dead before it finished .
in a cumbersome way it seems to have done this fairly effectively , for it was difficult for an official to embezzle royal money without being [revealed] in the long run , although the run was often so long that he was dead before it finished .

Famed for its gentle , artistic people and elaborately performed ceremonies , the Island of the Gods , Lombok is a mere fifteen minute flight from Bali , but unlike her close sister , this island has been exposed to few tourists .
famed for its gentle , artistic people and elaborately performed ceremonies , the island of the gods , lombok is a mere fifteen minute flight from bali , but unlike her close sister , this island has been [revealed] to few tourists .

‘ It shall be the duty of every self-employed person to conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that he and other persons ( not being his employees ) who may be affected thereby are not thereby exposed to risks to their health or safety . ’
‘ it shall be the duty of every self-employed person to conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , so far as is reasonably practicable , that he and other persons ( not being his employees ) who may be affected thereby are not thereby [revealed] to risks to their health or safety . ’

And in one experiment rats were exposed throughout infancy to the music of either Mozart or Schoenberg and then given musical preference tests in adulthood ( with the result that animals brought up on Mozart showed a definite preference for that music , whereas the Schoenberg-reared group gave no indication of a hankering after the familiar music ! )
and in one experiment rats were [revealed] throughout infancy to the music of either mozart or schoenberg and then given musical preference tests in adulthood ( with the result that animals brought up on mozart showed a definite preference for that music , whereas the schoenberg-reared group gave no indication of a hankering after the familiar music ! )

Early foreign residents were exposed to sporadic physical attacks by extreme anti-foreign elements , and anti-foreignism continued to be exploited by the Bakufu 's enemies to compound its political difficulties .
early foreign residents were [revealed] to sporadic physical attacks by extreme anti-foreign elements , and anti-foreignism continued to be exploited by the bakufu 's enemies to compound its political difficulties .

The need for stable markets and raw material supplies became increasingly acute with the advance of industrialization , especially after 1918 , when Chinese boycotts and world depression exposed Japan 's vulnerability .
the need for stable markets and raw material supplies became increasingly acute with the advance of industrialization , especially after 1918 , when chinese boycotts and world depression [revealed] japan 's vulnerability .

Potatoes turn green when they are exposed to any form of light .
potatoes turn green when they are [revealed] to any form of light .

If exposed to either artificial or natural light the solanine level will rise and could cause gastroenteritis , but because of the bitter nature of this substance it is unlikely that sufficient quantities would be ingested to cause illness .
if [revealed] to either artificial or natural light the solanine level will rise and could cause gastroenteritis , but because of the bitter nature of this substance it is unlikely that sufficient quantities would be ingested to cause illness .

Potatoes turn green when exposed to light .
potatoes turn green when [revealed] to light .

It exposes flaws and loopholes ; and , by analysis , contradictions are highlighted and the limitations of proposals are exposed .
it exposes flaws and loopholes ; and , by analysis , contradictions are highlighted and the limitations of proposals are [revealed] .

This can leave him in an uncomfortably exposed position , while denying Parliament any effective control .
this can leave him in an uncomfortably [revealed] position , while denying parliament any effective control .

However , you worry about being exposed to the market with the disappearance of the Variable Premium .
however , you worry about being [revealed] to the market with the disappearance of the variable premium .

Corporations , having greater advantages of physical and financial mobility were also exposed , but to a lesser extent .
corporations , having greater advantages of physical and financial mobility were also [revealed] , but to a lesser extent .

Note in this three-quarter front right view , at ‘ 11 o'clock ’ to the front wheel rim , the end of the transverse boot with the castored legs of the folding campaign bed exposed .
note in this three-quarter front right view , at ‘ 11 o'clock ’ to the front wheel rim , the end of the transverse boot with the castored legs of the folding campaign bed [revealed] .

The testers might have got a clue from this that such a question was entirely artificial , constructed out of test situations and irrelevant to children who did not go to school and so were not used to being exposed to such tests .
the testers might have got a clue from this that such a question was entirely artificial , constructed out of test situations and irrelevant to children who did not go to school and so were not used to being [revealed] to such tests .

Whatever has to be copied is typed or handwritten on to the exposed surface of the special paper creating a reverse image in carbon on the back of the paper .
whatever has to be copied is typed or handwritten on to the [revealed] surface of the special paper creating a reverse image in carbon on the back of the paper .

The methods and processes differ but the equipment used consists basically of the original to be photocopied being exposed to light or heat , together with a special light or heat-sensitive paper , and a processing unit in which the copy paper is developed .
the methods and processes differ but the equipment used consists basically of the original to be photocopied being [revealed] to light or heat , together with a special light or heat-sensitive paper , and a processing unit in which the copy paper is developed .

Personality disorder is the parental diagnosis most associated with emotional and behavioural disorders in children , particularly when they have been exposed to hostile behaviour .
personality disorder is the parental diagnosis most associated with emotional and behavioural disorders in children , particularly when they have been [revealed] to hostile behaviour .

During the course of the century the limitations to government authority over the pomeshchiks were fully exposed .
during the course of the century the limitations to government authority over the pomeshchiks were fully [revealed] .

But their limitations were fully exposed in the course of the Crimean War ( 1853–56 ) .
but their limitations were fully [revealed] in the course of the crimean war ( 1853–56 ) .

Once the industrial and social changes which were transforming the West during the later eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries began to find military expression , of course , the limits of Russia 's resources would be fully exposed .
once the industrial and social changes which were transforming the west during the later eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries began to find military expression , of course , the limits of russia 's resources would be fully [revealed] .

Examination of records available on smoking related activity in the control schools indicated that pupils in half of the schools had been exposed to some incidental and unplanned smoking education through events such as No Smoking Day or through associated teaching in home economics or biology .
examination of records available on smoking related activity in the control schools indicated that pupils in half of the schools had been [revealed] to some incidental and unplanned smoking education through events such as no smoking day or through associated teaching in home economics or biology .

The degree of intellectual impairment occurring in early treated preschool children is closely associated with the degree of hyperphenylalaninaemia to which the subjects have been exposed .
the degree of intellectual impairment occurring in early treated preschool children is closely associated with the degree of hyperphenylalaninaemia to which the subjects have been [revealed] .

Owing to the competitive nature of amino acid transport across the blood-brain barrier and across the placenta , the brain in patients with phenylketonuria and the fetus in women with phenylketonuria are exposed to both high phenylalanine concentrations and low concentrations of the other large neutral amino acids , especially tyrosine .
owing to the competitive nature of amino acid transport across the blood-brain barrier and across the placenta , the brain in patients with phenylketonuria and the fetus in women with phenylketonuria are [revealed] to both high phenylalanine concentrations and low concentrations of the other large neutral amino acids , especially tyrosine .

According to this account , the learning process is determined by the innate structure of the learner operating upon the specific organisation of whichever human language he or she is exposed to .
according to this account , the learning process is determined by the innate structure of the learner operating upon the specific organisation of whichever human language he or she is [revealed] to .

If people are exposed to the variety of opinions that normally exist in relation to any major issue , the likelihood of their being easily manipulated by unscrupulous opinion-makers is greatly reduced .
if people are [revealed] to the variety of opinions that normally exist in relation to any major issue , the likelihood of their being easily manipulated by unscrupulous opinion-makers is greatly reduced .

It is likely that this Daguerreotype was displayed by de St. Croix in the Argyll Rooms at 218 Regent Street or at the Royal Adelaide Gallery of Practical Science , West Strand — a few steps from the camera position at which the Daguerreotype plate was exposed . ``
it is likely that this daguerreotype was displayed by de st. croix in the argyll rooms at 218 regent street or at the royal adelaide gallery of practical science , west strand — a few steps from the camera position at which the daguerreotype plate was [revealed] . ``

However , `` the digital information can be easily altered , and there may be no permanent record as trustworthy as an original negative to determine what the image looked like when the film was first exposed `` .
however , `` the digital information can be easily altered , and there may be no permanent record as trustworthy as an original negative to determine what the image looked like when the film was first [revealed] `` .

An apparently apocryphal account is of two Prussian medical officers , Fritsch and Hitzig , who In 1870 took advantage of the opportunity offered by the Franco-Prussian War to study the exposed brains of soldiers struck down on the battlefield . ``
an apparently apocryphal account is of two prussian medical officers , fritsch and hitzig , who in 1870 took advantage of the opportunity offered by the franco-prussian war to study the [revealed] brains of soldiers struck down on the battlefield . ``

Caton repeated some earlier experiments on the electro-physiology of nerve and muscle preparations , and then set about recording from the exposed surface of the brain .
caton repeated some earlier experiments on the electro-physiology of nerve and muscle preparations , and then set about recording from the [revealed] surface of the brain .

They are usually called upon to advise management in situations where the company is exposed to adverse opinion .
they are usually called upon to advise management in situations where the company is [revealed] to adverse opinion .

This means that the nurse must understand what hazards the patients may be exposed to and what peri- and post-operative complications may occur .
this means that the nurse must understand what hazards the patients may be [revealed] to and what peri- and post-operative complications may occur .

2 nurses can perform a dressing more efficiently and cut down the length of time a wound is exposed and at risk and the number of times hands need to be washed .
2 nurses can perform a dressing more efficiently and cut down the length of time a wound is [revealed] and at risk and the number of times hands need to be washed .

When children start school , they often develop all kinds of minor illnesses as they first become exposed to a large community ; a fact the nurse seeking her first employment after the birth of her child may not know .
when children start school , they often develop all kinds of minor illnesses as they first become [revealed] to a large community ; a fact the nurse seeking her first employment after the birth of her child may not know .

Where the wooden floors were not exposed they were covered in that brown linoleum with a pattern of black fleurs-de-lis .
where the wooden floors were not [revealed] they were covered in that brown linoleum with a pattern of black fleurs-de-lis .

Dig over flowerbeds — the longer lumps of soil are exposed to frost , the easier it 'll be to get a fine tilth in spring .
dig over flowerbeds — the longer lumps of soil are [revealed] to frost , the easier it 'll be to get a fine tilth in spring .

105 Thermal Underwear Exposed !
105 thermal underwear [revealed] !

Photodegradable : Materials exposed to light will eventually degrade ( within a year in the case of some bin liners ) .
photodegradable : materials [revealed] to light will eventually degrade ( within a year in the case of some bin liners ) .

Tactical ideas and formations , set-piece plays , team weaknesses are all exposed to the globe beforehand thanks to satellite television and video cassettes , leaving little room for surprises .
tactical ideas and formations , set-piece plays , team weaknesses are all [revealed] to the globe beforehand thanks to satellite television and video cassettes , leaving little room for surprises .

The divisional inspector of lifeboats for Scotland South , Tony Course , said : ‘ The courage displayed in his willingness to undertake the dangerous passage is exemplary , and the skill and determination of all crew members during this arduous service is a lifeboat with a partially exposed wheelhouse are worthy of the highest praise . ’
the divisional inspector of lifeboats for scotland south , tony course , said : ‘ the courage displayed in his willingness to undertake the dangerous passage is exemplary , and the skill and determination of all crew members during this arduous service is a lifeboat with a partially [revealed] wheelhouse are worthy of the highest praise . ’

‘ The convulsion of war has opened our eyes to many strange things ’ , he wrote in 1919 , ‘ Few of us had realised till war had exposed it how thin is the veneer of civilisation over the underlying animal proclivities … the failure of religion to direct , and education to balance , the actions of men .
‘ the convulsion of war has opened our eyes to many strange things ’ , he wrote in 1919 , ‘ few of us had realised till war had [revealed] it how thin is the veneer of civilisation over the underlying animal proclivities … the failure of religion to direct , and education to balance , the actions of men .

Government papers sanctioning the issue of arms referred to ‘ the constant dangers ’ to which London was exposed , which ‘ were never greater than at this present time ’ .
government papers sanctioning the issue of arms referred to ‘ the constant dangers ’ to which london was [revealed] , which ‘ were never greater than at this present time ’ .

‘ To a wealthy or aristocratic criminal the vengeance of the law is as a flea , which merely tickles ’ , observed Reynolds 's Newspaper which thought that as far as the Garotter 's Act went ‘ only poor , plebeian criminals will be exposed … rich and aristocratic ruffians … are certain to be exempted from flogging ’ .
‘ to a wealthy or aristocratic criminal the vengeance of the law is as a flea , which merely tickles ’ , observed reynolds 's newspaper which thought that as far as the garotter 's act went ‘ only poor , plebeian criminals will be [revealed] … rich and aristocratic ruffians … are certain to be exempted from flogging ’ .

Simply push the bulbs firmly into the soil , 9in apart , leaving the top third exposed , and by the autumn you 'll have clusters of plump bulbs to lift .
simply push the bulbs firmly into the soil , 9in apart , leaving the top third [revealed] , and by the autumn you 'll have clusters of plump bulbs to lift .

The woman is much more emotionally exposed to the disappointments and false dawns .
the woman is much more emotionally [revealed] to the disappointments and false dawns .

Hunt and Chambers ( 1976 ) conclude from their epidemiological research that heroin use becomes ‘ epidemic ’ when a group of ‘ susceptibles ’ is exposed to many ‘ infectious initiators ’ at the same time .
hunt and chambers ( 1976 ) conclude from their epidemiological research that heroin use becomes ‘ epidemic ’ when a group of ‘ susceptibles ’ is [revealed] to many ‘ infectious initiators ’ at the same time .

Although based on research of lasting value , the draft Articles on service of documents rest overmuch on United States perceptions and would not have survived the sort of examination to which they would have been exposed at an international diplomatic conference .
although based on research of lasting value , the draft articles on service of documents rest overmuch on united states perceptions and would not have survived the sort of examination to which they would have been [revealed] at an international diplomatic conference .

She was terribly alone and dreadfully exposed .
she was terribly alone and dreadfully [revealed] .

Eventually it receded leaving the fertile marshlands stretching for more or less ten miles to the wolds , whose now gentle eastern slopes were once the exposed chalk cliffs .
eventually it receded leaving the fertile marshlands stretching for more or less ten miles to the wolds , whose now gentle eastern slopes were once the [revealed] chalk cliffs .

By sweeping aside the common law doctrine of privity in this way , it was clear that in theory insiders would be potentially exposed to vast liability .
by sweeping aside the common law doctrine of privity in this way , it was clear that in theory insiders would be potentially [revealed] to vast liability .

As undergraduates they are often exposed to uninspired lecturing from academics , and subsequently many struggle to assimilate the minutiae of medicine in the ( false ) belief that this will ensure an easy passage through the membership examination .
as undergraduates they are often [revealed] to uninspired lecturing from academics , and subsequently many struggle to assimilate the minutiae of medicine in the ( false ) belief that this will ensure an easy passage through the membership examination .

As the often misogynistic views of philosophers were exposed , two lines of approach were adopted .
as the often misogynistic views of philosophers were [revealed] , two lines of approach were adopted .

For exposed situations , certain shapes can be supplied to Class 4 strength .
for [revealed] situations , certain shapes can be supplied to class 4 strength .

Paint exposed areas to protect the foam from wet weather and the effects of sunlight . Be sure to clean the nozzle thoroughly , as instructed on the can , before storing
paint [revealed] areas to protect the foam from wet weather and the effects of sunlight . be sure to clean the nozzle thoroughly , as instructed on the can , before storing

The alcoves on either side are used for the hanging space , and the reduced space in front of the chimneybreast for shelving , either exposed or concealed behind the wardrobe doors .
the alcoves on either side are used for the hanging space , and the reduced space in front of the chimneybreast for shelving , either [revealed] or concealed behind the wardrobe doors .

The glass lift took an interminable time arriving and as they descended , Nicholas felt as exposed as Saint Sebastian .
the glass lift took an interminable time arriving and as they descended , nicholas felt as [revealed] as saint sebastian .

During the 1930s the inadequacies of the wage system in meeting family needs were tellingly exposed by the growing knowledge of the extent of poverty and malnutrition in the population , particularly among children .
during the 1930s the inadequacies of the wage system in meeting family needs were tellingly [revealed] by the growing knowledge of the extent of poverty and malnutrition in the population , particularly among children .

It is rather exposed to the vagaries of the weather .
it is rather [revealed] to the vagaries of the weather .

To stop there , exposed to the lightning and the cutting wind , was unthinkable .
to stop there , [revealed] to the lightning and the cutting wind , was unthinkable .

His period there exposed him to a world of living theories , of using his preferred medium as a vehicle of ideas .
his period there [revealed] him to a world of living theories , of using his preferred medium as a vehicle of ideas .

Adding to the carnival atmosphere on the summit , which is in fact an incredibly exposed thin strip of black scree , were several camera crews helicoptered onto the top , notably a Blue Peter team following Karma and Sirendra , a 16 year old Nepalese boy who climbed the mountain with Ed Drummond .
adding to the carnival atmosphere on the summit , which is in fact an incredibly [revealed] thin strip of black scree , were several camera crews helicoptered onto the top , notably a blue peter team following karma and sirendra , a 16 year old nepalese boy who climbed the mountain with ed drummond .

Red Deer ( Cervus elaphus ) are really forest animals , but over the centuries we have destroyed Scotland 's natural woodlands and driven the deer to live in the harsh environments of the higher , exposed hills .
red deer ( cervus elaphus ) are really forest animals , but over the centuries we have destroyed scotland 's natural woodlands and driven the deer to live in the harsh environments of the higher , [revealed] hills .

The top pitches , although exposed , were an anti climax .
the top pitches , although [revealed] , were an anti climax .

The policy of centralization and definition of royal rights adopted by the last Capetians exposed the incompatibility between the French insistence on the full rights of suzerainty and the English king 's desire for freedom of action for himself and his officials in the duchy .
the policy of centralization and definition of royal rights adopted by the last capetians [revealed] the incompatibility between the french insistence on the full rights of suzerainty and the english king 's desire for freedom of action for himself and his officials in the duchy .

The batholith is exposed as a series of large bosses and minor cupolas with which the Sn-Cu-W mineralisation of South-west England is associated .
the batholith is [revealed] as a series of large bosses and minor cupolas with which the sn-cu-w mineralisation of south-west england is associated .

Two recent investigations of the Northern ( Hunting Geology and Geophysics , 1983 ) and Southern Pennine ( Plant and Jones , 1989 ) areas , using combinations of geological , geochemical and geophysical digital datasets have indicated potentially prospective areas outside those where mineralisation is exposed .
two recent investigations of the northern ( hunting geology and geophysics , 1983 ) and southern pennine ( plant and jones , 1989 ) areas , using combinations of geological , geochemical and geophysical digital datasets have indicated potentially prospective areas outside those where mineralisation is [revealed] .

Little mineral exploration has been carried out in the area which is poorly exposed except in coastal sections .
little mineral exploration has been carried out in the area which is poorly [revealed] except in coastal sections .

Beneath the wheelbarrow , for example , it is more openly exposed and is combined with the darker greens to show the barrow 's shadow falling on the grass .
beneath the wheelbarrow , for example , it is more openly [revealed] and is combined with the darker greens to show the barrow 's shadow falling on the grass .

All over Europe , camera shutters are clicking as thousands of miles of film are exposed for holiday snaps .
all over europe , camera shutters are clicking as thousands of miles of film are [revealed] for holiday snaps .

Students are exposed to a variety of different accents on the cassettes and are provided with standard business documents and practice material in the books .
students are [revealed] to a variety of different accents on the cassettes and are provided with standard business documents and practice material in the books .

Where the vessel is left unattended moored or anchored off an exposed beach or shore no claim will be payable for breaking adrift from the mooring or anchor and the subsequent damage .
where the vessel is left unattended moored or anchored off an [revealed] beach or shore no claim will be payable for breaking adrift from the mooring or anchor and the subsequent damage .

An ugly cement patch was carefully removed from the crown of the arch , and the stonework was left exposed so that the vigour of the fine carving can be appreciated .
an ugly cement patch was carefully removed from the crown of the arch , and the stonework was left [revealed] so that the vigour of the fine carving can be appreciated .

We felt vulnerable , exposed and insecure .
we felt vulnerable , [revealed] and insecure .

Even the largest firms were exposed to the recession , some making large scale redundancies .
even the largest firms were [revealed] to the recession , some making large scale redundancies .

suggested the panel could be heavily exposed if the assessors failed in some way and litigation was threatened , ‘ especially if the executive management had warned against selecting them ’ .
suggested the panel could be heavily [revealed] if the assessors failed in some way and litigation was threatened , ‘ especially if the executive management had warned against selecting them ’ .

Minshuku range from traditional wooden farmhouses with an irori fireplace built into the tatami covered floor , exposed beams and thatched roofs to concrete , plastic and plywood family homes .
minshuku range from traditional wooden farmhouses with an irori fireplace built into the tatami covered floor , [revealed] beams and thatched roofs to concrete , plastic and plywood family homes .

The teeth it exposed were greened with mould , and sharpened .
the teeth it [revealed] were greened with mould , and sharpened .

The harsh desert was exposed and yellow , but there was no heat or sign of any change in the climate .
the harsh desert was [revealed] and yellow , but there was no heat or sign of any change in the climate .

She ran her hand lovingly over the fabric , kicked off her shoes and exposed a length of leg .
she ran her hand lovingly over the fabric , kicked off her shoes and [revealed] a length of leg .

That way you avoided this horrible exposed feeling , the dreadful sensation that the sky was watching you .
that way you avoided this horrible [revealed] feeling , the dreadful sensation that the sky was watching you .

The throng in front of Owen melted away , leaving his men exposed , so he drew them back into the shadows .
the throng in front of owen melted away , leaving his men [revealed] , so he drew them back into the shadows .

And still the faint red light up ahead came and went by fits and starts , leading them on across gale-swept open moorland , through massively still pine forests , up exposed dirt tracks and over passes whose names had vanished with the inhabitants of the farms where until a few decades earlier generation after generation of human beings had eked out lives of almost unimaginable deprivation .
and still the faint red light up ahead came and went by fits and starts , leading them on across gale-swept open moorland , through massively still pine forests , up [revealed] dirt tracks and over passes whose names had vanished with the inhabitants of the farms where until a few decades earlier generation after generation of human beings had eked out lives of almost unimaginable deprivation .

As it was , an irrelevant image kept popping up in the comer of his eye , dragging his attention away : the image of an old man Iying slumped in the mud against a wall of concrete blocks , turned away , as though death were an act as shameful as intercourse or defecation , which he had sought to conceal as far as possible , even in the bleakly exposed place where it had come to him .
as it was , an irrelevant image kept popping up in the comer of his eye , dragging his attention away : the image of an old man iying slumped in the mud against a wall of concrete blocks , turned away , as though death were an act as shameful as intercourse or defecation , which he had sought to conceal as far as possible , even in the bleakly [revealed] place where it had come to him .

‘ Tortured ? God ! But how could she have been exposed to radiation ? ’
‘ tortured ? god ! but how could she have been [revealed] to radiation ? ’

Patrick stared from one face to the other . ‘ But — how could an English doctor and his wife have been exposed to nerve gas ? ’
patrick stared from one face to the other . ‘ but — how could an english doctor and his wife have been [revealed] to nerve gas ? ’

The top of a wooden box and the face of an ordinary athletic stop-watch were exposed .
the top of a wooden box and the face of an ordinary athletic stop-watch were [revealed] .

‘ Top East German Spy Exposed ’ , the headline read .
‘ top east german spy [revealed] ’ , the headline read .

At least two main shortcomings of Wallerstein 's work have been critically exposed .
at least two main shortcomings of wallerstein 's work have been critically [revealed] .

Two random facts : by the age of 16 , the average North American youth has been exposed to more than 300,000 television commercials ; and the Soviet Union is now selling advertising slots on cosmonaut suits and space ships !
two random facts : by the age of 16 , the average north american youth has been [revealed] to more than 300,000 television commercials ; and the soviet union is now selling advertising slots on cosmonaut suits and space ships !

It is interesting that butyrate metabolism in controls was greater in the terminal ileum than in the ascending colon and this may suggest that the mucosa here is exposed to the products of bacterial fermentation .
it is interesting that butyrate metabolism in controls was greater in the terminal ileum than in the ascending colon and this may suggest that the mucosa here is [revealed] to the products of bacterial fermentation .

The stomach is exposed to dietary hazards and potential carcinogens throughout life , but the origins of gastric carcinoma within normal mucosa remain unknown .
the stomach is [revealed] to dietary hazards and potential carcinogens throughout life , but the origins of gastric carcinoma within normal mucosa remain unknown .

By virtue of its free amino acid content , however , elemental diet provides a powerful stimulus to pancreatobiliary secretions to which inflamed ulcerated gut is then exposed .
by virtue of its free amino acid content , however , elemental diet provides a powerful stimulus to pancreatobiliary secretions to which inflamed ulcerated gut is then [revealed] .

Animals were housed in an animal care facility that is approved by the American Association for Accrediaton of Laboratory Animal Care and they were exposed to 12 hours of alternating light and dark cycles .
animals were housed in an animal care facility that is approved by the american association for accrediaton of laboratory animal care and they were [revealed] to 12 hours of alternating light and dark cycles .

In this regard there is subsequent selection of specialised lineages of columnar mucous partly as a result of change in the phenotype of the relatively exposed squamous ( or glandular ) stem cells .
in this regard there is subsequent selection of specialised lineages of columnar mucous partly as a result of change in the phenotype of the relatively [revealed] squamous ( or glandular ) stem cells .

The abdomen of each rat was incised and the stomach and duodenum were exposed .
the abdomen of each rat was incised and the stomach and duodenum were [revealed] .

In another type of experiment performed on days 6–9 after inoculation of the animals with the parasite , the serosal surface of the inflamed segment was exposed to lidocaine ( 1 % solution ) .
in another type of experiment performed on days 6–9 after inoculation of the animals with the parasite , the serosal surface of the inflamed segment was [revealed] to lidocaine ( 1 % solution ) .

However , the measure is of the number of organisms in aerosol at the time of testing and not the dose of organism to which the patient was actually exposed .
however , the measure is of the number of organisms in aerosol at the time of testing and not the dose of organism to which the patient was actually [revealed] .

Yet as soon as people harbour parasites ( 70 % of sub-Saharan Africans ) those parasites are potentially exposed to selection under drug pressure .
yet as soon as people harbour parasites ( 70 % of sub-saharan africans ) those parasites are potentially [revealed] to selection under drug pressure .

These are done using the formula Wealth 1 — Wealth 0 as illustrated in the chapter as this is the only way of calculating profit to which the students have been exposed to date .
these are done using the formula wealth 1 — wealth 0 as illustrated in the chapter as this is the only way of calculating profit to which the students have been [revealed] to date .

Note : No balance sheet entries need to be or should be discussed at this stage as the students have not yet been exposed to debtors etc .
note : no balance sheet entries need to be or should be discussed at this stage as the students have not yet been [revealed] to debtors etc .

Answer guide : This is something the student has not been exposed to 80 it is useful to let them discuss how they would treat the transaction in detail so they can work out for themselves the principles involved .
answer guide : this is something the student has not been [revealed] to 80 it is useful to let them discuss how they would treat the transaction in detail so they can work out for themselves the principles involved .

Where the sand had stretched in an unbroken line of gold towards the horizon , now we saw more and more rock exposed the farther up the strand we looked , until in the distance the dunes faced a shore of pure stone .
where the sand had stretched in an unbroken line of gold towards the horizon , now we saw more and more rock [revealed] the farther up the strand we looked , until in the distance the dunes faced a shore of pure stone .

An elaborately floral dress exposed great volumes of lobster-coloured flesh .
an elaborately floral dress [revealed] great volumes of lobster-coloured flesh .

She faced him , earnestly , sitting like that , her hands inside her thighs , her vagina exposed to him amid soft hair , smooth skin .
she faced him , earnestly , sitting like that , her hands inside her thighs , her vagina [revealed] to him amid soft hair , smooth skin .

, ‘ Simon Smith and His Amazing Dancing Bare ’ and , until his credentials were exposed , even The Randy Rabbi .
, ‘ simon smith and his amazing dancing bare ’ and , until his credentials were [revealed] , even the randy rabbi .

some proteins are exposed only to the exterior surface of the cell .
some proteins are [revealed] only to the exterior surface of the cell .

some proteins are exposed only to the interior surface of the cell .
some proteins are [revealed] only to the interior surface of the cell .

some proteins form an integral part of the membrane and are exposed to both the exterior and interior surface of the cell .
some proteins form an integral part of the membrane and are [revealed] to both the exterior and interior surface of the cell .

However , if liquids are exposed to the open atmosphere at room temperature , this energy flows back into the liquid from the surroundings .
however , if liquids are [revealed] to the open atmosphere at room temperature , this energy flows back into the liquid from the surroundings .

The general public is constantly exposed to radiation .
the general public is constantly [revealed] to radiation .

Pete Waterman 's refusal to suppress his opinions has on occasion exposed him to ridicule as in the sampling storm but on the whole he appears confident and competent , clear about what he wants .
pete waterman 's refusal to suppress his opinions has on occasion [revealed] him to ridicule as in the sampling storm but on the whole he appears confident and competent , clear about what he wants .

The explicit racism and sexism of the Poll Tax is to be exposed and campaigned against .
the explicit racism and sexism of the poll tax is to be [revealed] and campaigned against .

Although tests of details are not always necessary , they are needed for an external audit , when evidence of financial values is required and when weaknesses have been exposed during systems evaluation and compliance testing .
although tests of details are not always necessary , they are needed for an external audit , when evidence of financial values is required and when weaknesses have been [revealed] during systems evaluation and compliance testing .

In July 1989 an Interior Ministry official said that his directorate had exposed 400,000 economic crimes since January 1988 and had confiscated assets worth 100,000,000 roubles .
in july 1989 an interior ministry official said that his directorate had [revealed] 400,000 economic crimes since january 1988 and had confiscated assets worth 100,000,000 roubles .

Therefore , we should be very wary indeed of ( e ) and ( f ) types of statements unless we are sure that there is something really negative that has to be exposed and which , even if it hurts people in the process , is nevertheless necessary .
therefore , we should be very wary indeed of ( e ) and ( f ) types of statements unless we are sure that there is something really negative that has to be [revealed] and which , even if it hurts people in the process , is nevertheless necessary .

Yet it is probably fair to suggest that few people could have been immune from the implications of the party struggle at Westminster , since decisions taken by the central government often had a direct affect on ordinary people 's lives , and few people could have avoided being exposed to the political controversies of the day through the various media of propaganda .
yet it is probably fair to suggest that few people could have been immune from the implications of the party struggle at westminster , since decisions taken by the central government often had a direct affect on ordinary people 's lives , and few people could have avoided being [revealed] to the political controversies of the day through the various media of propaganda .

The fallacy that by using drama as a learning medium we necessarily dilute the drama is exposed by the fact that drama itself is usually greatly enhanced by the work that can accompany it in other curriculum areas .
the fallacy that by using drama as a learning medium we necessarily dilute the drama is [revealed] by the fact that drama itself is usually greatly enhanced by the work that can accompany it in other curriculum areas .

And at times of new issues , they will often be committed to purchasing very large amounts of stock which they can only expect to sell over a period of weeks ; during which period they are exposed to the risk of capital loss if prices fall .
and at times of new issues , they will often be committed to purchasing very large amounts of stock which they can only expect to sell over a period of weeks ; during which period they are [revealed] to the risk of capital loss if prices fall .

More and more of the American leaders were coming to the view that the United States herself would become dangerously exposed unless Germany and Japan were at least contained and preferably defeated .
more and more of the american leaders were coming to the view that the united states herself would become dangerously [revealed] unless germany and japan were at least contained and preferably defeated .

But the meetings and discussions also indicated that the British , after the defeat of the Axis , could find themselves exposed to American pressure over the future of the Empire , Imperial Preference and the Sterling Area .
but the meetings and discussions also indicated that the british , after the defeat of the axis , could find themselves [revealed] to american pressure over the future of the empire , imperial preference and the sterling area .

While dependence on American assistance in 1964 – 65 might seem to have left the British government dangerously exposed to American influence ( or even dictation ) , in practice it is just as reasonable to argue that the Wilson government was able to turn American self-interest to its own advantage .
while dependence on american assistance in 1964 – 65 might seem to have left the british government dangerously [revealed] to american influence ( or even dictation ) , in practice it is just as reasonable to argue that the wilson government was able to turn american self-interest to its own advantage .

The arrests of 1847 exposed an organization called the Kirillo-Methodian Brotherhood , whose purpose , the regime believed , was to dismember the empire .
the arrests of 1847 [revealed] an organization called the kirillo-methodian brotherhood , whose purpose , the regime believed , was to dismember the empire .

The summer conversations in Kissingen , the presence in St Petersburg of the Grand Duke Konstantin Nikolaevich , the greater enthusiasm for reform of Lanskoi at the Ministry of Internal Affairs — all these undoubtedly altered the balance of opinion to which he was exposed and made him more susceptible to reformist sentiments ; but he may also have been naive enough to believe that the gentry at large would follow the example of the north-westerners and welcome the measure he was putting to them .
the summer conversations in kissingen , the presence in st petersburg of the grand duke konstantin nikolaevich , the greater enthusiasm for reform of lanskoi at the ministry of internal affairs — all these undoubtedly altered the balance of opinion to which he was [revealed] and made him more susceptible to reformist sentiments ; but he may also have been naive enough to believe that the gentry at large would follow the example of the north-westerners and welcome the measure he was putting to them .

clients ' understanding of risk warn the Client of the extent to which he may be exposed to risk
clients ' understanding of risk warn the client of the extent to which he may be [revealed] to risk

As he did so , a black gloved hand shot up through the suddenly exposed gap and rammed a razor sharp six-inch blade hilt-deep under his ribcage .
as he did so , a black gloved hand shot up through the suddenly [revealed] gap and rammed a razor sharp six-inch blade hilt-deep under his ribcage .

Immediately he felt nakedly exposed .
immediately he felt nakedly [revealed] .

Raising his tracksuit top , he tore a strip from the exposed white T-shirt underneath .
raising his tracksuit top , he tore a strip from the [revealed] white t-shirt underneath .

If a child is exposed to two languages simultaneously , we would expect a single system at first which gradually becomes divided into two under the influence of linguistic input from two separate systems .
if a child is [revealed] to two languages simultaneously , we would expect a single system at first which gradually becomes divided into two under the influence of linguistic input from two separate systems .

Some researchers maintain that many of these principles are genetically programmed , and it is this which explains how it is possible for speakers of the same language to develop similar and highly complex knowledge of their language , even though , in the normal language learning situation , they will have been exposed only to limited and random samples of speech .
some researchers maintain that many of these principles are genetically programmed , and it is this which explains how it is possible for speakers of the same language to develop similar and highly complex knowledge of their language , even though , in the normal language learning situation , they will have been [revealed] only to limited and random samples of speech .

The process of language teaching will also be analysed in order to describe the relationship between pupils ' perceptions and the teaching to which they are exposed .
the process of language teaching will also be analysed in order to describe the relationship between pupils ' perceptions and the teaching to which they are [revealed] .

Yesterday the Ulster Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals pleaded with farmers to rescue flocks left exposed and vulnerable .
yesterday the ulster society for the prevention of cruelty to animals pleaded with farmers to rescue flocks left [revealed] and vulnerable .

It consists of placing a small clove of garlic underneath the tongue in hours of darkness when exposed to the carrier — the female anopheles mosquito .
it consists of placing a small clove of garlic underneath the tongue in hours of darkness when [revealed] to the carrier — the female anopheles mosquito .

She stood up carefully , feeling the cold air move across her exposed face and hands , and turned around .
she stood up carefully , feeling the cold air move across her [revealed] face and hands , and turned around .

The keeper was left exposed , however as Coyle climbed to meet Adrian Lecky 's diagonal cross only to head wide .
the keeper was left [revealed] , however as coyle climbed to meet adrian lecky 's diagonal cross only to head wide .

One woman died despite intensive treatment and none had been exposed to radiation or other factors known to cause the disease .
one woman died despite intensive treatment and none had been [revealed] to radiation or other factors known to cause the disease .

Small specimens have large disk plates exposed , being only fringed with granules while in larger specimens , d.d .
small specimens have large disk plates [revealed] , being only fringed with granules while in larger specimens , d.d .

When all the trees are the full height of the canopy , all are approximately equally exposed to the sun , and none could afford to be any shorter .
when all the trees are the full height of the canopy , all are approximately equally [revealed] to the sun , and none could afford to be any shorter .

But when you loosened one of the slate blocks from the castle walls — an easy job , as the castle was slowly crumbling away — and split it open , on every surface so exposed a series of cut or engraved figures was revealed , arranged in lines and columns , complete with word and line breaks and what looked like punctuation .
but when you loosened one of the slate blocks from the castle walls — an easy job , as the castle was slowly crumbling away — and split it open , on every surface so [revealed] a series of cut or engraved figures was revealed , arranged in lines and columns , complete with word and line breaks and what looked like punctuation .

Her face , all her exposed skin , was white .
her face , all her [revealed] skin , was white .

Her upper chest , exposed for the breadth of a hand by the black dress , showed a strange white mark , like a sort of ragged and wide necklace settled loosely over her shoulders .
her upper chest , [revealed] for the breadth of a hand by the black dress , showed a strange white mark , like a sort of ragged and wide necklace settled loosely over her shoulders .

The upholstery of the seats had once been crimson : it had faded to a faint red glow , balding , springs occasionally exposed .
the upholstery of the seats had once been crimson : it had faded to a faint red glow , balding , springs occasionally [revealed] .

It was true , they thought , still looking at him : he was a married man who went homo-ing about , who had been exposed to his wife when Timothy Gedge was drunk .
it was true , they thought , still looking at him : he was a married man who went homo-ing about , who had been [revealed] to his wife when timothy gedge was drunk .

He 'd know what had happened to the suit , and it seemed right that he should : this small tribute to the truth that had been exposed seemed at least her due .
he 'd know what had happened to the suit , and it seemed right that he should : this small tribute to the truth that had been [revealed] seemed at least her due .

Isolated in this small square well in the deck , they were exposed to anything the elements cared to throw at them .
isolated in this small square well in the deck , they were [revealed] to anything the elements cared to throw at them .

Gigi , no quieter or graver in her advancing years , screamed and flapped , furious at being caged : a necessity , even Aunt Tossie allowed , when velvets , silks , taffetas and bright sequins lay deep on the bed and overflowed the chairs in her bedroom , changes of fashion and flaws of past time limply exposed in the morning light .
gigi , no quieter or graver in her advancing years , screamed and flapped , furious at being caged : a necessity , even aunt tossie allowed , when velvets , silks , taffetas and bright sequins lay deep on the bed and overflowed the chairs in her bedroom , changes of fashion and flaws of past time limply [revealed] in the morning light .

11 Corbridge looking east . The exposed buildings show to the left of centre ( Cambridge University Collection : copyright reserved )
11 corbridge looking east . the [revealed] buildings show to the left of centre ( cambridge university collection : copyright reserved )

With the dreams of 1945 's Labour victory long gone , and the pretensions of the Conservatives painfully exposed it was the hour for the group of young meritocrats who had done well out of the peace , the Angry Young Men .
with the dreams of 1945 's labour victory long gone , and the pretensions of the conservatives painfully [revealed] it was the hour for the group of young meritocrats who had done well out of the peace , the angry young men .

Inside the building Tom McGrath contemplated the oil heaters with their exposed flames , the quaking balcony stuffed with people , and , in between exhilaration , feared disaster .
inside the building tom mcgrath contemplated the oil heaters with their [revealed] flames , the quaking balcony stuffed with people , and , in between exhilaration , feared disaster .

She wished she did n't feel so — exposed in the yellow halter-top and tatty green shorts which had seen much better days .
she wished she did n't feel so — [revealed] in the yellow halter-top and tatty green shorts which had seen much better days .

The few moments that Merrill spent in front of the mirror told her that she had made the right decision to wear the black dress which exposed one bare shoulder .
the few moments that merrill spent in front of the mirror told her that she had made the right decision to wear the black dress which [revealed] one bare shoulder .

‘ Most youngsters are exposed to Western culture at school and in the world around them .
‘ most youngsters are [revealed] to western culture at school and in the world around them .

She was no longer a vulnerable young girl exposed with cruel suddenness to the harsh realities of life .
she was no longer a vulnerable young girl [revealed] with cruel suddenness to the harsh realities of life .

She shivered , her right hand moving restlessly towards the gold chain with its rectangular pendant which lay on the exposed skin of her neck above the scooped-out neckline of her dress : Rune 's parting gift given to her that dull morning when , after having insisted on collecting her from her hotel , he had driven her to the airport at Kastrup .
she shivered , her right hand moving restlessly towards the gold chain with its rectangular pendant which lay on the [revealed] skin of her neck above the scooped-out neckline of her dress : rune 's parting gift given to her that dull morning when , after having insisted on collecting her from her hotel , he had driven her to the airport at kastrup .

Pimp we exposed is jailed
pimp we [revealed] is jailed

But now Diana 's younger brother Charles , who became the ninth Earl following his father 's eventual death earlier this year , has exposed all the ghostly goings-on .
but now diana 's younger brother charles , who became the ninth earl following his father 's eventual death earlier this year , has [revealed] all the ghostly goings-on .

Helen Chadwick 's ‘ One Flesh ’ ( 1985 takes the form and scale of the christian altarpiece but here the image of the Madonna is fused with the material fact of birth , the placenta and umbilical cord ; and the lactating breasts , those most locatable symbols of nurture are exposed above the female child .
helen chadwick 's ‘ one flesh ’ ( 1985 takes the form and scale of the christian altarpiece but here the image of the madonna is fused with the material fact of birth , the placenta and umbilical cord ; and the lactating breasts , those most locatable symbols of nurture are [revealed] above the female child .

The pose chosen — with head tilted back and neck exposed — is vulnerable and defiant simultaneously .
the pose chosen — with head tilted back and neck [revealed] — is vulnerable and defiant simultaneously .

It is the way the subject is exposed to an anonymous gaze that always remains open , which puts any sense of personal identity into question .
it is the way the subject is [revealed] to an anonymous gaze that always remains open , which puts any sense of personal identity into question .

The face as image is always precarious , for it is always exposed to possible re-framing and re-definition by other images .
the face as image is always precarious , for it is always [revealed] to possible re-framing and re-definition by other images .

Of course the church should not be exposed to gossip and contumely .
of course the church should not be [revealed] to gossip and contumely .

Conventionally , the 35mm film would run across the back of the camera , being exposed to light as the shutter is opened .
conventionally , the 35mm film would run across the back of the camera , being [revealed] to light as the shutter is opened .

The workers who are exposed continually to the risk of acquiring an infection include mortuary technicians , pathologists , domestic assistants , porters and nurses .
the workers who are [revealed] continually to the risk of acquiring an infection include mortuary technicians , pathologists , domestic assistants , porters and nurses .

The burial customs of the Parsi sect involve dead bodies being exposed on a grating at the top of a Tower of Silence .
the burial customs of the parsi sect involve dead bodies being [revealed] on a grating at the top of a tower of silence .

To the top of Odonatist towers the dead of all nations were taken , to be exposed to the four winds — and to the Odonata .
to the top of odonatist towers the dead of all nations were taken , to be [revealed] to the four winds — and to the odonata .

His position as gérant commandité in a mixed liability company arrangement means that he will be unbudgeable from the head of Matra-Hachette 's management for the next six years , though his personal assets will be exposed if the group suffers any setbacks .
his position as gérant commandité in a mixed liability company arrangement means that he will be unbudgeable from the head of matra-hachette 's management for the next six years , though his personal assets will be [revealed] if the group suffers any setbacks .

As the sun rose into clear skies and burned down on the plain of the Forth , you would say the exposed army opposite would have the worst of it , despite their shields and their awnings .
as the sun rose into clear skies and burned down on the plain of the forth , you would say the [revealed] army opposite would have the worst of it , despite their shields and their awnings .

Neither myself or anyone of my party having received an hours illness since our arriving though constantly exposed night and day to the bush in all kinds of weather .
neither myself or anyone of my party having received an hours illness since our arriving though constantly [revealed] night and day to the bush in all kinds of weather .

Air raids were not the only hazard to which central Baghdad was exposed .
air raids were not the only hazard to which central baghdad was [revealed] .

We have already noted the extent to which the crisis exposed unsolved social and political problems in both Iraq and Kuwait .
we have already noted the extent to which the crisis [revealed] unsolved social and political problems in both iraq and kuwait .

These are team meetings where the analysis and design specifications and other documentation are exposed to review by the members of the team .
these are team meetings where the analysis and design specifications and other documentation are [revealed] to review by the members of the team .

And do n't overlook the exposed sides of end base or wall-hung cabinets .
and do n't overlook the [revealed] sides of end base or wall-hung cabinets .

With all that , must she also attend this gathering , where she might find herself exposed to public ridicule , to painful humiliation , by the dread words of that evil old woman ? Lord in heaven , but it was too much to ask !
with all that , must she also attend this gathering , where she might find herself [revealed] to public ridicule , to painful humiliation , by the dread words of that evil old woman ? lord in heaven , but it was too much to ask !

Flesh had been exposed .
flesh had been [revealed] .

When a leaf is exposed to light and absorbs energy it has been observed that after a short delay ( on the millisecond scale ) up to 3 % of the absorbed energy is re-emitted .
when a leaf is [revealed] to light and absorbs energy it has been observed that after a short delay ( on the millisecond scale ) up to 3 % of the absorbed energy is re-emitted .

Her eyes fell irresistibly to the firm , broad chest , the gleam of hard , taut muscle and then he was pulling her to him , kissing her mouth , her neck , the base of her throat , finding the clasp of her bra , discarding it , so that her breasts hung heavy and exposed , aching with longing and desire .
her eyes fell irresistibly to the firm , broad chest , the gleam of hard , taut muscle and then he was pulling her to him , kissing her mouth , her neck , the base of her throat , finding the clasp of her bra , discarding it , so that her breasts hung heavy and [revealed] , aching with longing and desire .

This new approach , it seemed , was not to be made so publicly , not to be exposed to the expedient treason of little devious minds far removed from the battlefields on which honest men met , and contended , and killed one another without malice .
this new approach , it seemed , was not to be made so publicly , not to be [revealed] to the expedient treason of little devious minds far removed from the battlefields on which honest men met , and contended , and killed one another without malice .

When King Henry had summoned his muster for Scotland , the year after his coronation , Grey had been charged with delivering the summons to his Welsh neighbour , and had withheld it until too late , so that the lord of Glyndyfrdwy was exposed to the charge of being a traitor .
when king henry had summoned his muster for scotland , the year after his coronation , grey had been charged with delivering the summons to his welsh neighbour , and had withheld it until too late , so that the lord of glyndyfrdwy was [revealed] to the charge of being a traitor .

‘ And did n't we all know you for a darling girl ? ’ he whispered in her ear as his fingers continued to blaze fire across her exposed nape .
‘ and did n't we all know you for a darling girl ? ’ he whispered in her ear as his fingers continued to blaze fire across her [revealed] nape .

Why did she feel then that the whole edifice was about to crumble and fall down , leaving her exposed and defenceless ?
why did she feel then that the whole edifice was about to crumble and fall down , leaving her [revealed] and defenceless ?

Matey , like Dr Neil , thought that McAllister might have been spoiled and pampered in her old life , but she had certainly been exposed to many good principles of conduct , even if she was headstrong .
matey , like dr neil , thought that mcallister might have been spoiled and pampered in her old life , but she had certainly been [revealed] to many good principles of conduct , even if she was headstrong .

Another 1,000 million people are exposed to high levels of suspended particles from coal , wood and oil combustion and traffic dust .
another 1,000 million people are [revealed] to high levels of suspended particles from coal , wood and oil combustion and traffic dust .

This story was first exposed in the August 1973 issue of the New Internationalist .
this story was first [revealed] in the august 1973 issue of the new internationalist .

Children as young as six and seven work in textiles and leather , unprotected from fire-risk and exposed to poisonous substances which induce respiratory and central nervous system disorders .
children as young as six and seven work in textiles and leather , unprotected from fire-risk and [revealed] to poisonous substances which induce respiratory and central nervous system disorders .

But the conditions in Greek state psychiatric hospitals have been exposed for many years .
but the conditions in greek state psychiatric hospitals have been [revealed] for many years .

The debate was revealing because it exposed the core of racism and bigotry beneath the liberal rhetoric of Canada 's much vaunted multiculturalism .
the debate was revealing because it [revealed] the core of racism and bigotry beneath the liberal rhetoric of canada 's much vaunted multiculturalism .

The lie of the fast gun must be exposed in all its waste and brutality for the gentle man to be born .
the lie of the fast gun must be [revealed] in all its waste and brutality for the gentle man to be born .

As the book opens the only outside visitors to the sleepy town of Macondo are a troupe of gypsies , but by the close its residents have been exposed to a railroad and the attentions of a rapacious banana company .
as the book opens the only outside visitors to the sleepy town of macondo are a troupe of gypsies , but by the close its residents have been [revealed] to a railroad and the attentions of a rapacious banana company .

Today local people are still exposed to increasingly lethal quantities of pollution .
today local people are still [revealed] to increasingly lethal quantities of pollution .

It is a fundamental requirement of any democratic and just society that the process by which individuals are accused , tried and , where appropriate , punished should be open , and exposed to public scrutiny and comment at an appropriate moment , other than in wholly exceptional circumstances — for example , where on grounds of national security the court must receive evidence about matters of security or intelligence ; or where , for purposes of the administration of justice , particular matters must be dealt with concerning informants .
it is a fundamental requirement of any democratic and just society that the process by which individuals are accused , tried and , where appropriate , punished should be open , and [revealed] to public scrutiny and comment at an appropriate moment , other than in wholly exceptional circumstances — for example , where on grounds of national security the court must receive evidence about matters of security or intelligence ; or where , for purposes of the administration of justice , particular matters must be dealt with concerning informants .

The Welsh Office responded positively to the Select Committee report , and an expert group is currently considering possible contamination dangers to which the public , the land , the cattle and livestock around that plant may be exposed .
the welsh office responded positively to the select committee report , and an expert group is currently considering possible contamination dangers to which the public , the land , the cattle and livestock around that plant may be [revealed] .

The truth is that , for the past 12 years , Labour has espoused a defence policy which never had intellectual validity and which , if implemented , would have exposed Britain to grave security risks .
the truth is that , for the past 12 years , labour has espoused a defence policy which never had intellectual validity and which , if implemented , would have [revealed] britain to grave security risks .

The East Kilbride centre , which concentrates on wind power , will be important in the United Kingdom 's development of new technologies in highly exposed areas where the meterage per second of wind speed , especially in Scotland , is considerably higher than it is in the east and south-east of England .
the east kilbride centre , which concentrates on wind power , will be important in the united kingdom 's development of new technologies in highly [revealed] areas where the meterage per second of wind speed , especially in scotland , is considerably higher than it is in the east and south-east of england .

He has exposed our Prime Minister as the leader of a Government of environmental law breakers whose leading environmental criminals are to be found at the Department of Transport and the Department of the Environment .
he has [revealed] our prime minister as the leader of a government of environmental law breakers whose leading environmental criminals are to be found at the department of transport and the department of the environment .

Members will have in mind , European Community monitors are now in place who have been exposed to a high degree of personal risk .
members will have in mind , european community monitors are now in place who have been [revealed] to a high degree of personal risk .

The play exposes the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left exposed to a released and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can contain .
the play exposes the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left [revealed] to a released and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can contain .

It was growing dark in the garden , but not dark enough — she was naked and exposed under the wide , open sky .
it was growing dark in the garden , but not dark enough — she was naked and [revealed] under the wide , open sky .

The roof had collapsed long ago , leaving some of its timbers exposed to the elements , but apart from that it seemed reasonably stable .
the roof had collapsed long ago , leaving some of its timbers [revealed] to the elements , but apart from that it seemed reasonably stable .

He began to touch her very lightly , his hand stroking her face , the curve of her throat , and the cool skin exposed by the low neck of her top .
he began to touch her very lightly , his hand stroking her face , the curve of her throat , and the cool skin [revealed] by the low neck of her top .

’ Or again as Jevons says ‘ Originally a market was a public place in a town where provisions and other objects were exposed for sale ; but the word has been generalized , so as to mean any body of persons who are in intimate business relations and carry on extensive transactions in any commodity .
’ or again as jevons says ‘ originally a market was a public place in a town where provisions and other objects were [revealed] for sale ; but the word has been generalized , so as to mean any body of persons who are in intimate business relations and carry on extensive transactions in any commodity .

End-feed capillary fittings are made in a similar way : when the fitting has been heated , the blowlamp is removed and solder ‘ touched ’ to the exposed end .
end-feed capillary fittings are made in a similar way : when the fitting has been heated , the blowlamp is removed and solder ‘ touched ’ to the [revealed] end .

The Wiring Regulations require that all metal pipe and exposed metal fittings are connected to the main earth terminal , which necessitates running separate earth wires wherever plastic pipe has been fitted .
the wiring regulations require that all metal pipe and [revealed] metal fittings are connected to the main earth terminal , which necessitates running separate earth wires wherever plastic pipe has been fitted .

In solid floors , pipes can be laid in an underfloor duct ( not embedded in concrete ) ; note that all pipes and joints should be accessible and , where exposed to cold temperatures , well insulated .
in solid floors , pipes can be laid in an underfloor duct ( not embedded in concrete ) ; note that all pipes and joints should be accessible and , where [revealed] to cold temperatures , well insulated .

Service pipes can run the length of the house and may need insulating against frost damage where exposed .
service pipes can run the length of the house and may need insulating against frost damage where [revealed] .

Flush through the pipe before making the final connections and fit insulation to all exposed pipes afterwards .
flush through the pipe before making the final connections and fit insulation to all [revealed] pipes afterwards .

Any that is exposed can be taken out and sold for scrap .
any that is [revealed] can be taken out and sold for scrap .

Entering a room full of rough soldiers , unescorted , and sitting alone at the high table , exposed to their speculative eyes and lewd jokes , held no fears for her .
entering a room full of rough soldiers , unescorted , and sitting alone at the high table , [revealed] to their speculative eyes and lewd jokes , held no fears for her .

It was easier to follow in the darkness , but exposed them to the full force of the wind and rain .
it was easier to follow in the darkness , but [revealed] them to the full force of the wind and rain .

His sword plunged into the exposed chest before him , aimed unerringly at the heart .
his sword plunged into the [revealed] chest before him , aimed unerringly at the heart .

In that direction lay a hope too fragile to be exposed — even to herself .
in that direction lay a hope too fragile to be [revealed] — even to herself .

She lifted her chin in a gesture that deliberately exposed the vulnerable line of her throat .
she lifted her chin in a gesture that deliberately [revealed] the vulnerable line of her throat .

Before Isabel 's awed eyes one entire side of the keep plummeted to the earth , leaving the interior exposed .
before isabel 's awed eyes one entire side of the keep plummeted to the earth , leaving the interior [revealed] .

She felt exposed , raw .
she felt [revealed] , raw .

It splits the exposed chalk
it splits the [revealed] chalk

Mother and daughter were glad of each other 's company then , while the electric storm boomed and crashed around them in the black night , as if aiming for this one exposed place .
mother and daughter were glad of each other 's company then , while the electric storm boomed and crashed around them in the black night , as if aiming for this one [revealed] place .

‘ Well , the house sounds lovely , ’ Belinda blurted , then flushed as he threw back his head and laughed , his long tanned throat exposed to her tremulous gaze .
‘ well , the house sounds lovely , ’ belinda blurted , then flushed as he threw back his head and laughed , his long tanned throat [revealed] to her tremulous gaze .

He had his hands clasped behind his head and was leaning against the head-rest behind him so that his tanned throat was exposed .
he had his hands clasped behind his head and was leaning against the head-rest behind him so that his tanned throat was [revealed] .

Along the stream pale grey rocks stood exposed .
along the stream pale grey rocks stood [revealed] .

Luke 's kiss , withheld to torment her for a moment while he stared into her darkened eyes , was an insult when it came , and yet insufficient to her hunger , because his mouth was torn away from hers again almost at once , plunging to suckle hard at one exposed breast for several agonising seconds , the message blatant — she was desired , and despised .
luke 's kiss , withheld to torment her for a moment while he stared into her darkened eyes , was an insult when it came , and yet insufficient to her hunger , because his mouth was torn away from hers again almost at once , plunging to suckle hard at one [revealed] breast for several agonising seconds , the message blatant — she was desired , and despised .

That was when Luke chose to end it , raising his head and examining the agonised tension that held her face and the taut , smooth line of her exposed throat with dark , glittering eyes .
that was when luke chose to end it , raising his head and examining the agonised tension that held her face and the taut , smooth line of her [revealed] throat with dark , glittering eyes .

He undressed her equally slowly , and she felt as though she were standing outside herself , watching almost with detachment as he exposed her breasts to his gaze and slowly lowered his head until his mouth could touch one rosy peak .
he undressed her equally slowly , and she felt as though she were standing outside herself , watching almost with detachment as he [revealed] her breasts to his gaze and slowly lowered his head until his mouth could touch one rosy peak .

Every nerve-ending felt exposed , her skin almost painful to the touch as she moved her hands across his warm skin , touched each muscle until it tensed , then slid her palms over his smooth back and buttocks .
every nerve-ending felt [revealed] , her skin almost painful to the touch as she moved her hands across his warm skin , touched each muscle until it tensed , then slid her palms over his smooth back and buttocks .

But the ritual was nevertheless a way of protecting the devotional intimacy , whereas the non-liturgical denominations exposed it in a way he would have found offensive .
but the ritual was nevertheless a way of protecting the devotional intimacy , whereas the non-liturgical denominations [revealed] it in a way he would have found offensive .

Thus metal surfaces which have been exposed to air , even at room temperature , are usually oxide-coated ( Fig .
thus metal surfaces which have been [revealed] to air , even at room temperature , are usually oxide-coated ( fig .

She woke in the half-gloom of early morning to find her body slicked with sweat and all the bedclothes flung off , her nightdress in such a tangle that the soft creamy skin of her thighs was exposed to anyone who cared to look .
she woke in the half-gloom of early morning to find her body slicked with sweat and all the bedclothes flung off , her nightdress in such a tangle that the soft creamy skin of her thighs was [revealed] to anyone who cared to look .

To her horror , she saw that they were exposed to his avid gaze .
to her horror , she saw that they were [revealed] to his avid gaze .

Exposed surfaces of glass slides , especially the undersides , should be painted with paraffin wax before placing in the container .
[revealed] surfaces of glass slides , especially the undersides , should be painted with paraffin wax before placing in the container .

The man was in the act of turning a page , and , in so doing , he momentarily exposed its front cover , which Harry had , till now , only seen at a distance .
the man was in the act of turning a page , and , in so doing , he momentarily [revealed] its front cover , which harry had , till now , only seen at a distance .

The nature of these policies determines the risks to which long-term funds are exposed .
the nature of these policies determines the risks to which long-term funds are [revealed] .

These two tasks completed , the exposed pith was cut into narrow strips like ribbons , which were then placed side by side on a large , perfectly-flat slab of limestone which was kept permanently damp by boys scattering water on it , ever-moving fingers flicking across from earthenware pots .
these two tasks completed , the [revealed] pith was cut into narrow strips like ribbons , which were then placed side by side on a large , perfectly-flat slab of limestone which was kept permanently damp by boys scattering water on it , ever-moving fingers flicking across from earthenware pots .

Having satisfied herself , she slipped into a tight calf-length dress which had a strap over the left shoulder but which fell away to the right of her body , leaving one young breast exposed .
having satisfied herself , she slipped into a tight calf-length dress which had a strap over the left shoulder but which fell away to the right of her body , leaving one young breast [revealed] .

He thought again about how the changes which had occurred in the Southern Capital , to which Surere had now been exposed after so long away , might have affected such an inflexible heart .
he thought again about how the changes which had occurred in the southern capital , to which surere had now been [revealed] after so long away , might have affected such an inflexible heart .

Exposed to infinity forever
[revealed] to infinity forever

Columns of men in close order moved slowly and were very exposed to enemy fire .
columns of men in close order moved slowly and were very [revealed] to enemy fire .

From the Spanish Succession war onwards , for example , there was an increasing tendency for French soldiers to receive wounds in the left side — the part of the body which in line formation was exposed to the enemy 's fire .
from the spanish succession war onwards , for example , there was an increasing tendency for french soldiers to receive wounds in the left side — the part of the body which in line formation was [revealed] to the enemy 's fire .

Such theories were exposed to obvious practical objections .
such theories were [revealed] to obvious practical objections .

You 've exposed to me that it is quite easy to subconsciously … accidentally , inadvertently … put forward views which … you may not believe in .
you 've [revealed] to me that it is quite easy to subconsciously … accidentally , inadvertently … put forward views which … you may not believe in .

Are there adequate and appropriate resources to remedy any deficiencies which are exposed ?
are there adequate and appropriate resources to remedy any deficiencies which are [revealed] ?

When the Mughal court was disbanded , Muslim hijras were exposed for the first time to the other , Hindu , tradition of eunuchry .
when the mughal court was disbanded , muslim hijras were [revealed] for the first time to the other , hindu , tradition of eunuchry .

His agents within the Imperial army managed to assassinate three of Dara 's generals as they sat exposed on their elephants .
his agents within the imperial army managed to assassinate three of dara 's generals as they sat [revealed] on their elephants .

Bushes sagged loosely beneath it ; and the masonry at the crown of the arch showed paler than on either curve , as though it had been exposed to the air longer , perhaps concealed by the sheltering broom .
bushes sagged loosely beneath it ; and the masonry at the crown of the arch showed paler than on either curve , as though it had been [revealed] to the air longer , perhaps concealed by the sheltering broom .

‘ If there was a fresh fall of earth there — ; he bank is quite high , and we 've seen that there 's brickwork exposed there … Perhaps it was n't a deliberate attack at all , just a further slip that struck him and swept him across the path .
‘ if there was a fresh fall of earth there — ; he bank is quite high , and we 've seen that there 's brickwork [revealed] there … perhaps it was n't a deliberate attack at all , just a further slip that struck him and swept him across the path .

Possibly the slip , while it exposed it , also partially filled it in .
possibly the slip , while it [revealed] it , also partially filled it in .

More surprising , and to Paviour more confounding and conciliating at the same time , was the presence of Gus Hambro , busy with a large clip-board , charting on squared paper the patch of ground to be taken up , and sketching a hurried but accurately proportioned elevation of the exposed vault of the flue .
more surprising , and to paviour more confounding and conciliating at the same time , was the presence of gus hambro , busy with a large clip-board , charting on squared paper the patch of ground to be taken up , and sketching a hurried but accurately proportioned elevation of the [revealed] vault of the flue .

Detective-Constable Barnes , large , rustic , intelligent and benign , put down his spade and went to work lovingly with a soft brush on the exposed uprights of the flue , whisking away loose , moist soil that abandoned its hold with revealing readiness .
detective-constable barnes , large , rustic , intelligent and benign , put down his spade and went to work lovingly with a soft brush on the [revealed] uprights of the flue , whisking away loose , moist soil that abandoned its hold with revealing readiness .

Mr Crumwallis gazed at him in amazement , as if the worm had turned , and left him flabbergasted at the depths of human ingratitude suddenly exposed .
mr crumwallis gazed at him in amazement , as if the worm had turned , and left him flabbergasted at the depths of human ingratitude suddenly [revealed] .

Since the metal is borrowed the group is not exposed to price fluctuations on these stocks .
since the metal is borrowed the group is not [revealed] to price fluctuations on these stocks .

In fact no such agonising choice confronted Charles 's men : Lothar himself recognised that his own position was dangerously exposed ; and winter was close .
in fact no such agonising choice confronted charles 's men : lothar himself recognised that his own position was dangerously [revealed] ; and winter was close .

His youth had perhaps exposed him to charges of being too much under the control of guardians ( bajuli ) but none is documented after Atto in 838 .
his youth had perhaps [revealed] him to charges of being too much under the control of guardians ( bajuli ) but none is documented after atto in 838 .

The search for training which fits this description in the management of education is hindered in two ways : it has long been an area for tension between theorists and practitioners and it has from time to time been exposed to management models from fields where practice and purpose are very different from those of education .
the search for training which fits this description in the management of education is hindered in two ways : it has long been an area for tension between theorists and practitioners and it has from time to time been [revealed] to management models from fields where practice and purpose are very different from those of education .

An employee had been electrocuted when working on the magnetron assembly line of the company 's Thornaby-on-Tees factory , which was engaged in another stage of the microwave oven manufacturing process , when he had come into contact with exposed conductors .
an employee had been electrocuted when working on the magnetron assembly line of the company 's thornaby-on-tees factory , which was engaged in another stage of the microwave oven manufacturing process , when he had come into contact with [revealed] conductors .

Quoting Tony Golgan of the Radiological Protection Institute of Ireland , the paper reported : ‘ Most of the radiation to which Irish people are exposed comes from radon seeping out of rocks in the ground — and not Britain 's Sellafield nuclear plant .
quoting tony golgan of the radiological protection institute of ireland , the paper reported : ‘ most of the radiation to which irish people are [revealed] comes from radon seeping out of rocks in the ground — and not britain 's sellafield nuclear plant .

They should be aware of any risks to which they may be exposed , or any relevant limitations inherent in the design or operating procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .
they should be aware of any risks to which they may be [revealed] , or any relevant limitations inherent in the design or operating procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .

Seek to ensure that all those involved with a project are aware of any risks to which they may be exposed , of any relevant limitations inherent in the design or operating procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .
seek to ensure that all those involved with a project are aware of any risks to which they may be [revealed] , of any relevant limitations inherent in the design or operating procedures , and of any implications for their conduct .

In determining the tolerability or otherwise of a given risk , promote effective consultation with those who may be exposed , where this is practical .
in determining the tolerability or otherwise of a given risk , promote effective consultation with those who may be [revealed] , where this is practical .

So , in our example , it would be the experimental group which was exposed to the new teaching style .
so , in our example , it would be the experimental group which was [revealed] to the new teaching style .

The movement exposed the very thing she had come expecting to find : a large jute bag .
the movement [revealed] the very thing she had come expecting to find : a large jute bag .

The council called for `` an end to the consequences of the Gulf war `` , affirmed the `` unity and security of Iraqi national soil `` and condemned the `` intervention to which the fraternal people of Iraq `` were being exposed .
the council called for `` an end to the consequences of the gulf war `` , affirmed the `` unity and security of iraqi national soil `` and condemned the `` intervention to which the fraternal people of iraq `` were being [revealed] .

Public prosecutor Andrei Makarov declared afterwards that it had been significant `` not so much because it punished Ostashvili , but because it brought to light the forces standing behind this small figure and exposed the fascism which is growing in society `` .
public prosecutor andrei makarov declared afterwards that it had been significant `` not so much because it punished ostashvili , but because it brought to light the forces standing behind this small figure and [revealed] the fascism which is growing in society `` .

Aquino 's decision to press the case — and to undergo a ferocious and lengthy cross-examination — was seen by some to have needlessly exposed her already tarnished public image to further damage , whilst others applauded it as further proof of the tenacious courage which she had displayed in opposing Marcos .
aquino 's decision to press the case — and to undergo a ferocious and lengthy cross-examination — was seen by some to have needlessly [revealed] her already tarnished public image to further damage , whilst others applauded it as further proof of the tenacious courage which she had displayed in opposing marcos .

Among the main tropical diseases leishmaniasis was among the fastest-spreading parasite-inflicted infection , in 1990 , affecting 12,000,000 people in 80 countries ; there were 200 million people suffering from bilharzia and over 2,000 million exposed to the risk of malaria .
among the main tropical diseases leishmaniasis was among the fastest-spreading parasite-inflicted infection , in 1990 , affecting 12,000,000 people in 80 countries ; there were 200 million people suffering from bilharzia and over 2,000 million [revealed] to the risk of malaria .

Medicine 's growing number of critics were given important empirical support by the work of Thomas McKeown , which exposed not only its present limitations but threw doubt on its past successes .
medicine 's growing number of critics were given important empirical support by the work of thomas mckeown , which [revealed] not only its present limitations but threw doubt on its past successes .

As the ineffectiveness of curative medicine is increasingly exposed ( and costs soar ) Western medicine has paid more attention to prevention , but again within a narrowly individualistic framework .
as the ineffectiveness of curative medicine is increasingly [revealed] ( and costs soar ) western medicine has paid more attention to prevention , but again within a narrowly individualistic framework .

The method of manufacture must be free from sharp edges and exposed fixings which create problems for staff trying to keep the unit clean .
the method of manufacture must be free from sharp edges and [revealed] fixings which create problems for staff trying to keep the unit clean .

For our purposes , it will be enough to have a general idea of what distinguishes the Caribbean Creoles from the varieties of British English to which second-generation Caribbeans in London have been exposed .
for our purposes , it will be enough to have a general idea of what distinguishes the caribbean creoles from the varieties of british english to which second-generation caribbeans in london have been [revealed] .

However , we can see here an example of how children may be exposed at a very early age to purposeful code-switching behaviour .
however , we can see here an example of how children may be [revealed] at a very early age to purposeful code-switching behaviour .

Where there is only one possible cause of the damage and the defendant 's breach of duty has exposed the plaintiff to the risk of damage which has materialised , then causation is established .
where there is only one possible cause of the damage and the defendant 's breach of duty has [revealed] the plaintiff to the risk of damage which has materialised , then causation is established .

This incongruity was exposed in the spring of 1963 during a famous miners ' strike .
this incongruity was [revealed] in the spring of 1963 during a famous miners ' strike .

Unpredictable and volatile exchange rates are an incentive for resources to be shifted towards the non-traded goods sector which is not exposed to international competition and is largely unaffected by sizeable and unanticipated exchange rate changes .
unpredictable and volatile exchange rates are an incentive for resources to be shifted towards the non-traded goods sector which is not [revealed] to international competition and is largely unaffected by sizeable and unanticipated exchange rate changes .

It has been a point frequently made that the characters exposed to ridicule are never given attributes that can have been designed to evoke sympathy from the reader ; frequently quite the contrary .
it has been a point frequently made that the characters [revealed] to ridicule are never given attributes that can have been designed to evoke sympathy from the reader ; frequently quite the contrary .

Here , the wife is left exposed to the monk 's attentions when the husband shuts himself up in his counting-house ( 75 – 88 ) ; he delivers his wife a lecture on his `` `` curious bisynesse `` `` when she asks him to come down to eat ( 224 – 48 ) ; he must settle his affairs in Paris before he can settle back at home after his trip to Bruges ( 365 – 9 ) .
here , the wife is left [revealed] to the monk 's attentions when the husband shuts himself up in his counting-house ( 75 – 88 ) ; he delivers his wife a lecture on his `` `` curious bisynesse `` `` when she asks him to come down to eat ( 224 – 48 ) ; he must settle his affairs in paris before he can settle back at home after his trip to bruges ( 365 – 9 ) .

But then the exhibit , the quarrel , hateful and confusing in being exposed to other eyes , changed character and became after all , evidence for the defence .
but then the exhibit , the quarrel , hateful and confusing in being [revealed] to other eyes , changed character and became after all , evidence for the defence .

Below the old Church at Battersea the retreating flood had left exposed a wide shelf of mud and gravel .
below the old church at battersea the retreating flood had left [revealed] a wide shelf of mud and gravel .

The optimistic belief that the essence of reality can be explored by scientific laws has been exposed as a failure to see that the mere phenomenon is not the sole reality .
the optimistic belief that the essence of reality can be explored by scientific laws has been [revealed] as a failure to see that the mere phenomenon is not the sole reality .

As often as not , the injuries were to the right side of the body , as this was the side most usually exposed to the explosion .
as often as not , the injuries were to the right side of the body , as this was the side most usually [revealed] to the explosion .

Close investigation of the lode , where it was exposed in Thriddle Scar high above , suggested that it was hading , 18 inches for every fathom in depth , away from the advancing heading !
close investigation of the lode , where it was [revealed] in thriddle scar high above , suggested that it was hading , 18 inches for every fathom in depth , away from the advancing heading !

It was however , considered but a matter of perseverance , for it was well exposed on the surface above .
it was however , considered but a matter of perseverance , for it was well [revealed] on the surface above .

The online catalogue has exposed obstacles to effective retrieval which library and catalogue users have faced all along in previous manual systems .
the online catalogue has [revealed] obstacles to effective retrieval which library and catalogue users have faced all along in previous manual systems .

The sort of transient contact with dog dirt you mention is really very common , and it 's never possible to protect children from all the infections they might be exposed to .
the sort of transient contact with dog dirt you mention is really very common , and it 's never possible to protect children from all the infections they might be [revealed] to .

The requirement for higher concentrations to disrupt pancreatic lysosomes may reflect the fact that , in an in vitro system , the period of incubation of isolated lysosomes with cholesteryl ester is necessarily limited ( 30 minutes in our study ) whereas in the previous in vivo study , lysosomes were exposed to increased levels of cholesteryl esters for a much longer period ( up to four weeks ) .
the requirement for higher concentrations to disrupt pancreatic lysosomes may reflect the fact that , in an in vitro system , the period of incubation of isolated lysosomes with cholesteryl ester is necessarily limited ( 30 minutes in our study ) whereas in the previous in vivo study , lysosomes were [revealed] to increased levels of cholesteryl esters for a much longer period ( up to four weeks ) .

The maximum concentration of free fatty acids to which the lysosomes were exposed ( 50 µM ) did not disrupt pancreatic lysosomes after in vitro incubation .
the maximum concentration of free fatty acids to which the lysosomes were [revealed] ( 50 µm ) did not disrupt pancreatic lysosomes after in vitro incubation .

When exposed to sudden changes in medium osmolality , cells behave initially as osmometers , swelling in hypo-osmotic media and shrinking in hyperosmotic media .
when [revealed] to sudden changes in medium osmolality , cells behave initially as osmometers , swelling in hypo-osmotic media and shrinking in hyperosmotic media .

The animals were fasted for 24 hours and then their abdomen was opened and the stomach exposed under light ether anaesthesia .
the animals were fasted for 24 hours and then their abdomen was opened and the stomach [revealed] under light ether anaesthesia .

In vehicle treated rats exposed to three hours of water immersion and restraint stress , gastric lesions appeared as small and scattered haemorrhagic erosions mostly in the oxyntic gland area and this was accompanied by about 63 % reduction in gastric blood flow .
in vehicle treated rats [revealed] to three hours of water immersion and restraint stress , gastric lesions appeared as small and scattered haemorrhagic erosions mostly in the oxyntic gland area and this was accompanied by about 63 % reduction in gastric blood flow .

The mean times to ulcer healing were calculated for patients exposed to different risk factors , and the combined effects of the clinically relevant risk factors were assessed by calculating the two , four , and eight week healing rates and the mean times to healing in the presence of increasing numbers of risk factors .
the mean times to ulcer healing were calculated for patients [revealed] to different risk factors , and the combined effects of the clinically relevant risk factors were assessed by calculating the two , four , and eight week healing rates and the mean times to healing in the presence of increasing numbers of risk factors .

The effect of these factors was cumulative in that the proportion of patients unhealed at each time point and the mean time to healing increased progressively with the number of risk factors to which the patient was exposed .
the effect of these factors was cumulative in that the proportion of patients unhealed at each time point and the mean time to healing increased progressively with the number of risk factors to which the patient was [revealed] .

Recent work in which an adenoma cell line was exposed to chemical carcinogens has duplicated many of the in vivo genetic findings .
recent work in which an adenoma cell line was [revealed] to chemical carcinogens has duplicated many of the in vivo genetic findings .

Moreover , only a very small segment of jejunum was exposed to the full dose of cholera toxin and because of the rapid binding of the toxin to the mucosa it was presumed that cholera toxin was not available in the distal small bowel to induce secretion .
moreover , only a very small segment of jejunum was [revealed] to the full dose of cholera toxin and because of the rapid binding of the toxin to the mucosa it was presumed that cholera toxin was not available in the distal small bowel to induce secretion .

As rapid rapair ( restitution ) of injured gastric mucosa takes place only if the damage is non-haemorrhagical , the stomachs were exposed to concentrations of ethanol that caused haemorrhagical damage in less than 10 % of the glandular mucosa .
as rapid rapair ( restitution ) of injured gastric mucosa takes place only if the damage is non-haemorrhagical , the stomachs were [revealed] to concentrations of ethanol that caused haemorrhagical damage in less than 10 % of the glandular mucosa .

studded with egg-pale stones exposed
studded with egg-pale stones [revealed]

Exposed brickwork above the kitchen sink
[revealed] brickwork above the kitchen sink

could anything earthly ever be so exposed ?
could anything earthly ever be so [revealed] ?

The fact that everyone has a copy means that a delay in a project , due to neglecting a provision , is known to all and the project leader responsible is very exposed .
the fact that everyone has a copy means that a delay in a project , due to neglecting a provision , is known to all and the project leader responsible is very [revealed] .

Nonetheless , the National Radiological Protection Board recommends that when radiation levels approach its ‘ generalised derived limits ’ , the authorities should investigate both the sources of radiation and the way of life of people in the locality to check that they are not being exposed to excessive amounts .
nonetheless , the national radiological protection board recommends that when radiation levels approach its ‘ generalised derived limits ’ , the authorities should investigate both the sources of radiation and the way of life of people in the locality to check that they are not being [revealed] to excessive amounts .

Stuart Barber , the National Union of Public Employees ' ambulance official for London , said : ‘ The work-to-rule has exposed the chronic staffing problems in the London Ambulance Service where there are over 160 vacancies . ’
stuart barber , the national union of public employees ' ambulance official for london , said : ‘ the work-to-rule has [revealed] the chronic staffing problems in the london ambulance service where there are over 160 vacancies . ’

He saw that the alternative was to suppose that cells become different because they are exposed to different external influences .
he saw that the alternative was to suppose that cells become different because they are [revealed] to different external influences .

While small , dead and still-bleeding little bodies lay like exposed carrion round the harbour , the weeping fathers hovered over them to stop the crows and flies finishing off what Gorbrandt 's men had started .
while small , dead and still-bleeding little bodies lay like [revealed] carrion round the harbour , the weeping fathers hovered over them to stop the crows and flies finishing off what gorbrandt 's men had started .

The concrete finishes of buildings , for example exposed aggregates of fluting , can affect the apparent scale at short distances , beyond which the texture is lost into the surface colour .
the concrete finishes of buildings , for example [revealed] aggregates of fluting , can affect the apparent scale at short distances , beyond which the texture is lost into the surface colour .

When art is brought into line with everyday life and individual experience , it is exposed to the same risks , the same unforeseeable laws of chance , the same interplay of living forces .
when art is brought into line with everyday life and individual experience , it is [revealed] to the same risks , the same unforeseeable laws of chance , the same interplay of living forces .

Though clearly , whatever the logic of the situation , Hitler could still rely upon substantial bonds of undying allegiance among his most loyal supporters , especially of course those who for years had been exposed to the full brunt of Party organization and indoctrination , there seems little doubt that the mass base of unquestioned trust in Hitler was already in 1942 beginning to give way .
though clearly , whatever the logic of the situation , hitler could still rely upon substantial bonds of undying allegiance among his most loyal supporters , especially of course those who for years had been [revealed] to the full brunt of party organization and indoctrination , there seems little doubt that the mass base of unquestioned trust in hitler was already in 1942 beginning to give way .

There has been exposed for all eyes to see the lack of military ability of ‘ the most brilliant strategist of all time ’ , that is , our megalomaniac corporal .
there has been [revealed] for all eyes to see the lack of military ability of ‘ the most brilliant strategist of all time ’ , that is , our megalomaniac corporal .

The moral condemnation of the Third Reich emerged for the most part only after the end of the war when the most barbaric crimes of the regime were fully exposed .
the moral condemnation of the third reich emerged for the most part only after the end of the war when the most barbaric crimes of the regime were fully [revealed] .

But it is exposed above all in a letter of Alcuin ( 796 ) criticizing the whole policy .
but it is [revealed] above all in a letter of alcuin ( 796 ) criticizing the whole policy .

He had acutely put his finger upon the fact that the new tools of mass culture , television and radio , exposed the old ways of the royal household to a merciless stare from which they did not emerge well .
he had acutely put his finger upon the fact that the new tools of mass culture , television and radio , [revealed] the old ways of the royal household to a merciless stare from which they did not emerge well .

Once exposed , the Magic Circle succumbed to the relentless advance of the new middle-class Conservatives like Macleod , Reginald Maudling , Enoch Powell and Edward Heath .
once [revealed] , the magic circle succumbed to the relentless advance of the new middle-class conservatives like macleod , reginald maudling , enoch powell and edward heath .

It just so happens that some people get taught or pick up techniques without too much problem ( because of circumstances and the people they interact with and learn from ) but some individuals simply do not get exposed to the right experiences to learn these things in quite the same way .
it just so happens that some people get taught or pick up techniques without too much problem ( because of circumstances and the people they interact with and learn from ) but some individuals simply do not get [revealed] to the right experiences to learn these things in quite the same way .

’ Only some Suwaya were interested in this exercise of reconstruction , and the attempt to build up a rounded picture of life under Arab government exposed a certain impatience .
’ only some suwaya were interested in this exercise of reconstruction , and the attempt to build up a rounded picture of life under arab government [revealed] a certain impatience .

He pushed the page away , feeling exposed .
he pushed the page away , feeling [revealed] .

‘ Exposed wires — ’ he began , ill at ease , imagining flames .
‘ [revealed] wires — ’ he began , ill at ease , imagining flames .

Predictably he is exposed to a series of character-forming reverses , but these are astonishingly tame .
predictably he is [revealed] to a series of character-forming reverses , but these are astonishingly tame .

They exposed , ridiculed and humiliated that party , doing each day in their pages the job that the politicians failed to do from their bright new platforms .
they [revealed] , ridiculed and humiliated that party , doing each day in their pages the job that the politicians failed to do from their bright new platforms .

Their own consensual efforts to deny and suppress them would then be exposed for the deceitful sham they have always been .
their own consensual efforts to deny and suppress them would then be [revealed] for the deceitful sham they have always been .

Fox , with a header , and Beckford , with a shot Miklosko parried on his line , might have pulled them back early in the second half before West Ham twice exposed the right flank of their defence .
fox , with a header , and beckford , with a shot miklosko parried on his line , might have pulled them back early in the second half before west ham twice [revealed] the right flank of their defence .

Mrs Helmsley , who began adult life selling cigarettes in a New York cinema , had become so unpopular as the details of her manners and penny-pinching management technique were exposed in court during her trial that her lawyers based an eleventh-hour appeal for mercy on her likely prison victimisation as a ‘ notorious , widely-reviled , vastly wealthy New York Jew . ’
mrs helmsley , who began adult life selling cigarettes in a new york cinema , had become so unpopular as the details of her manners and penny-pinching management technique were [revealed] in court during her trial that her lawyers based an eleventh-hour appeal for mercy on her likely prison victimisation as a ‘ notorious , widely-reviled , vastly wealthy new york jew . ’

Enhancing Germany 's attraction as a criminal playground , hundreds of bureaucrats , local government officials and policemen have recently been exposed in a series of nationwide corruption trials .
enhancing germany 's attraction as a criminal playground , hundreds of bureaucrats , local government officials and policemen have recently been [revealed] in a series of nationwide corruption trials .

Dr Silvio de Flora and Dr Francesco D'Agostini , of Genoa University , exposed four mice to a 50 watt halogen lamp for 12 hours a day .
dr silvio de flora and dr francesco d'agostini , of genoa university , [revealed] four mice to a 50 watt halogen lamp for 12 hours a day .

Another four mice were exposed to the same lamp with a glass cover on it .
another four mice were [revealed] to the same lamp with a glass cover on it .

Those exposed to the covered lamp remained normal after a year .
those [revealed] to the covered lamp remained normal after a year .

Doses and lengths of exposure time were high but ‘ not so far from the levels to which some people are exposed , particularly in the workplace ’ .
doses and lengths of exposure time were high but ‘ not so far from the levels to which some people are [revealed] , particularly in the workplace ’ .

To put the level of risk in perspective , one study concluded that anyone standing all day at a busy roadside with traffic containing 20 per cent diesel would be exposed to 1,000 times less benzo(a)pyrene than somebody smoking 10 to 15 cigarettes a day .
to put the level of risk in perspective , one study concluded that anyone standing all day at a busy roadside with traffic containing 20 per cent diesel would be [revealed] to 1,000 times less benzo(a)pyrene than somebody smoking 10 to 15 cigarettes a day .

In 1979 , Jill Hutchinson and her fiance discovered a derelict 16th century cottage in Potton , Bedfordshire , and restored it , complete with inglenook and exposed beams in time for their wedding .
in 1979 , jill hutchinson and her fiance discovered a derelict 16th century cottage in potton , bedfordshire , and restored it , complete with inglenook and [revealed] beams in time for their wedding .

It is not to be confused with various autobiographies but those expecting warts to be exposed will be disappointed .
it is not to be confused with various autobiographies but those expecting warts to be [revealed] will be disappointed .

In the American view , the British Isles were too exposed to risk production or minimal stockpiling of atomic weapons on British soil .
in the american view , the british isles were too [revealed] to risk production or minimal stockpiling of atomic weapons on british soil .

Dolphin history is revealed by fossils from ancient marine sediments now exposed on land .
dolphin history is revealed by fossils from ancient marine sediments now [revealed] on land .

Hector 's dolphins are however still exposed to the hazard of set-net and , to a far lesser extent , trawl nets throughout the rest of their range in New Zealand .
hector 's dolphins are however still [revealed] to the hazard of set-net and , to a far lesser extent , trawl nets throughout the rest of their range in new zealand .

Exporters in France , Italy and Britain are more exposed to the cheap dollar .
exporters in france , italy and britain are more [revealed] to the cheap dollar .

Meanwhile , at the Boston University School of Medicine , Gladys Friedler has been studying the offspring from the pairing of healthy female mice with male mice that have been briefly exposed to chemicals about a week before mating .
meanwhile , at the boston university school of medicine , gladys friedler has been studying the offspring from the pairing of healthy female mice with male mice that have been briefly [revealed] to chemicals about a week before mating .

Still other male mice spent a single four-hour period inhaling nitrous oxide before being put with females ( none of which had been exposed to hazardous chemicals ) .
still other male mice spent a single four-hour period inhaling nitrous oxide before being put with females ( none of which had been [revealed] to hazardous chemicals ) .

In cases where both men and women have been regularly exposed to it at work , nitrous oxide has been linked to a high rate of miscarriages .
in cases where both men and women have been regularly [revealed] to it at work , nitrous oxide has been linked to a high rate of miscarriages .

Commercially dried apricots are exposed to sulphur dioxide to preserve their colour , before they are dried in hot air .
commercially dried apricots are [revealed] to sulphur dioxide to preserve their colour , before they are dried in hot air .

But he expresses this by saying that we ‘ can proceed no farther by reasoning than to things which must be exposed again to experience or which can be evidenced by means of some appearance ’ ; and this seems to suggest something new .
but he expresses this by saying that we ‘ can proceed no farther by reasoning than to things which must be [revealed] again to experience or which can be evidenced by means of some appearance ’ ; and this seems to suggest something new .

Lady Pomfret had been an excellent wife and mother and an efficient Lady of the Bedchamber , but she exposed herself to constant ridicule in society because she was so desperate to be thought of as a learned woman .
lady pomfret had been an excellent wife and mother and an efficient lady of the bedchamber , but she [revealed] herself to constant ridicule in society because she was so desperate to be thought of as a learned woman .

England had lost fewer players than most countries to World Series Cricket and had won a number of rubbers as a result but , when the armistice was signed , England 's limitations were soon exposed .
england had lost fewer players than most countries to world series cricket and had won a number of rubbers as a result but , when the armistice was signed , england 's limitations were soon [revealed] .

Wisden had some strong words to say about the fourth game , back in Trinidad : ‘ England put up a performance which exposed to the crowd of 21,000 what depths of incompetence they had reached … after two days off following the Test defeat , the first practice was made optional — and Gower himself was one of the six who failed to attend .
wisden had some strong words to say about the fourth game , back in trinidad : ‘ england put up a performance which [revealed] to the crowd of 21,000 what depths of incompetence they had reached … after two days off following the test defeat , the first practice was made optional — and gower himself was one of the six who failed to attend .

But the bombardment of Tel Aviv has exposed another split , one that could , in time , prove just as dangerous to the allies : the division between Arab governments and the people they govern .
but the bombardment of tel aviv has [revealed] another split , one that could , in time , prove just as dangerous to the allies : the division between arab governments and the people they govern .

The Gulf has exposed all these initiatives to the biggest test of all . With a real war now happening , do the changes imposed on the defence industry ( or under active consideration ) still look sensible ? Or will they need reassessing , given their importance for Britain 's entire defence strategy ?
the gulf has [revealed] all these initiatives to the biggest test of all . with a real war now happening , do the changes imposed on the defence industry ( or under active consideration ) still look sensible ? or will they need reassessing , given their importance for britain 's entire defence strategy ?

The well-defined features of the photograph had vanished , the face had swollen in death as had the exposed arms .
the well-defined features of the photograph had vanished , the face had swollen in death as had the [revealed] arms .

People living in Kuwait will be exposed to smog and pollution as severe as in any industrial town in the 1950s .
people living in kuwait will be [revealed] to smog and pollution as severe as in any industrial town in the 1950s .

On the other hand they are too exposed to allow themselves the Costa Rican solution of doing without armies altogether .
on the other hand they are too [revealed] to allow themselves the costa rican solution of doing without armies altogether .

The bridges , they say , have not been painted regularly and this penny-pinching has exposed their steelwork to the corroding effects of salt , pollution , water and debris .
the bridges , they say , have not been painted regularly and this penny-pinching has [revealed] their steelwork to the corroding effects of salt , pollution , water and debris .

Security at the Shorts company 's guided-missile plant in Belfast was exposed again .
security at the shorts company 's guided-missile plant in belfast was [revealed] again .

But through Marine Midland and its stake in Britain 's Midland Bank , it is exposed to dodgy third-world debt , as well as to the tumbling property market in north-east America and the troubled British economy .
but through marine midland and its stake in britain 's midland bank , it is [revealed] to dodgy third-world debt , as well as to the tumbling property market in north-east america and the troubled british economy .

Now that much of American industry is exposed to international competition , barriers against foreigners in the transport business also look odd .
now that much of american industry is [revealed] to international competition , barriers against foreigners in the transport business also look odd .

That decision exposed the party 's bankruptcy : with no leader of stature to replace Mr Gandhi , they turned to a woman whose only political asset was her name , which , the party hoped , would bring in the sympathy vote that swung Rajiv into power after his mother 's death in 1984 .
that decision [revealed] the party 's bankruptcy : with no leader of stature to replace mr gandhi , they turned to a woman whose only political asset was her name , which , the party hoped , would bring in the sympathy vote that swung rajiv into power after his mother 's death in 1984 .

Her decision has left Congress headless and embarrassed at having exposed its weakness .
her decision has left congress headless and embarrassed at having [revealed] its weakness .

20 Nc5 ! ||Qc8||21 Bxg6+||Kd8|| 22 dxe5||Nxe5||23 Nxe6+||Qxe6|| 24 Qxe6||Nxe6||25 Rxd5+||Nd7|| 26 Bf5||Nf8||27 Bg5||c6|| 28 Rd1||Ke8||29 Re3||e5|| Black has survived with level material , but his king remains terribly exposed to White 's rampaging rooks and bishops .
20 nc5 ! ||qc8||21 bxg6+||kd8|| 22 dxe5||nxe5||23 nxe6+||qxe6|| 24 qxe6||nxe6||25 rxd5+||nd7|| 26 bf5||nf8||27 bg5||c6|| 28 rd1||ke8||29 re3||e5|| black has survived with level material , but his king remains terribly [revealed] to white 's rampaging rooks and bishops .

Nevertheless an important start has been made and some students are being exposed to a segment of African literature .
nevertheless an important start has been made and some students are being [revealed] to a segment of african literature .

Perhaps , though , it was Pepper 's display which exposed some of their deficiencies for the impetus was created and maintained almost exclusively by the forwards , who dominated the lineout and drove magnificently .
perhaps , though , it was pepper 's display which [revealed] some of their deficiencies for the impetus was created and maintained almost exclusively by the forwards , who dominated the lineout and drove magnificently .

Last June the Monarchs beat the Dragons 21–0 to lift the World Bowl trophy but last week 's 31–28 defeat by Frankfurt exposed weaknesses in the London team .
last june the monarchs beat the dragons 21–0 to lift the world bowl trophy but last week 's 31–28 defeat by frankfurt [revealed] weaknesses in the london team .

As space has diminished , our capacity to think ahead has expanded ; but it is when we are given time on the ball , and space to move , that our limitations are exposed .
as space has diminished , our capacity to think ahead has expanded ; but it is when we are given time on the ball , and space to move , that our limitations are [revealed] .

Trees were exposed to mixtures of heavy metals , acids , over-doses of nutrients and soil stresses including the leaching of important ions such as calcium and magnesium .
trees were [revealed] to mixtures of heavy metals , acids , over-doses of nutrients and soil stresses including the leaching of important ions such as calcium and magnesium .

Those at the edges of a stand or in an exposed position were excluded .
those at the edges of a stand or in an [revealed] position were excluded .

Damage was worst on exposed sites , on high ground and in rural rather than urban locations .
damage was worst on [revealed] sites , on high ground and in rural rather than urban locations .

By now , the Commission had retreated on the existence of symptoms , and adapted its surveys to include older and more exposed trees of a greater range of species .
by now , the commission had retreated on the existence of symptoms , and adapted its surveys to include older and more [revealed] trees of a greater range of species .

Banks usually have mixed feelings about these kind of arrangements as the exporter controls the security — leaving the bank exposed if they have to pay up on the Credit to the supplier but the esporter fails , for whatever reason , to draw on the export Credit .
banks usually have mixed feelings about these kind of arrangements as the exporter controls the security — leaving the bank [revealed] if they have to pay up on the credit to the supplier but the esporter fails , for whatever reason , to draw on the export credit .

On these surfaces of glacial deposits , wind blown sand , peat and exposed bedrock successive waves of settlement have cleared , burned , grazed and cultivated , while others have turned to the seas for sustenance .
on these surfaces of glacial deposits , wind blown sand , peat and [revealed] bedrock successive waves of settlement have cleared , burned , grazed and cultivated , while others have turned to the seas for sustenance .

At this time also the surrounding country was exposed to periglacial activity .
at this time also the surrounding country was [revealed] to periglacial activity .

The podzols occur on exposed knolls and on the steeper slopes .
the podzols occur on [revealed] knolls and on the steeper slopes .

The slightly lower figure for Stornoway may be caused by a greater tendency for cloud formation over the land to the west and south-west ( the sources of the prevailing winds ) , while exposed western coasts tend to have good sunshine records ( at sea level ) ( Green & Harding 1983 ) .
the slightly lower figure for stornoway may be caused by a greater tendency for cloud formation over the land to the west and south-west ( the sources of the prevailing winds ) , while [revealed] western coasts tend to have good sunshine records ( at sea level ) ( green & harding 1983 ) .

Birse & Robertson ( 1970 ) have classified only a few long , deep valleys of the Western Isles as ‘ moderately exposed ’ , with average wind speeds below 8.5 knots ( 4.4m/s ) .
birse & robertson ( 1970 ) have classified only a few long , deep valleys of the western isles as ‘ moderately [revealed] ’ , with average wind speeds below 8.5 knots ( 4.4m/s ) .

Most of the land area was classified as ‘ very exposed ’ , with average wind speeds of 12–15.5 knots , but only the highest summit areas were ‘ extremely exposed ’ , with average wind speeds exceeding 15.5 knots ( 8m/s ) .
most of the land area was classified as ‘ very [revealed] ’ , with average wind speeds of 12–15.5 knots , but only the highest summit areas were ‘ extremely [revealed] ’ , with average wind speeds exceeding 15.5 knots ( 8m/s ) .

of Calluna vulgaris or Juniperus communis , though prostrate forms of the former are not encountered as frequently as expected on exposed mountain plateaux .
of calluna vulgaris or juniperus communis , though prostrate forms of the former are not encountered as frequently as expected on [revealed] mountain plateaux .

Aspect is often important in exposed areas in relation to prevailing winds : in North Harris the rare Atlantic liverwort Herbertus aduncus is frequent , but in some areas is more profuse on north-facing slopes , usually around boulders where there is additional shelter .
aspect is often important in [revealed] areas in relation to prevailing winds : in north harris the rare atlantic liverwort herbertus aduncus is frequent , but in some areas is more profuse on north-facing slopes , usually around boulders where there is additional shelter .

The appalling hardship , primitive conditions , tremendous heat on the exposed rocky outcrop , and the omnipresent spice of danger which he encountered on his first experience of active service , appealed to the adventurous and the Spartan in Leslie , and salved the conscience that had irked him during his long training and frustrating inactivity at home .
the appalling hardship , primitive conditions , tremendous heat on the [revealed] rocky outcrop , and the omnipresent spice of danger which he encountered on his first experience of active service , appealed to the adventurous and the spartan in leslie , and salved the conscience that had irked him during his long training and frustrating inactivity at home .

So beaches or cliff faces are sometimes exposed , and sometimes covered .
so beaches or cliff faces are sometimes [revealed] , and sometimes covered .

But at times they are exposed — and subject , apparently to over-heating ( especially as tidal pools warm up in the sun ) and desiccation .
but at times they are [revealed] — and subject , apparently to over-heating ( especially as tidal pools warm up in the sun ) and desiccation .

If there is heavy rain during their exposed period , the pools are rendered brackish , rather than saline .
if there is heavy rain during their [revealed] period , the pools are rendered brackish , rather than saline .

Because they are in shallow water — or even exposed — there are no problems with light .
because they are in shallow water — or even [revealed] — there are no problems with light .

Furthermore , there is opportunity for multicellular plants to grow , firmly anchored to the rocks , but still exposed to the light ; and many animals — sessile mussels and barnacles ; anemones , which are almost sessile ; and animals that are only modest movers , such as starfish , winkles , and limpets — find a handy substrate and convenient grazing .
furthermore , there is opportunity for multicellular plants to grow , firmly anchored to the rocks , but still [revealed] to the light ; and many animals — sessile mussels and barnacles ; anemones , which are almost sessile ; and animals that are only modest movers , such as starfish , winkles , and limpets — find a handy substrate and convenient grazing .

As they are beaten by the waves the exposed limestone skeletons are broken up , and the sand thus formed smothers yet more areas of reef .
as they are beaten by the waves the [revealed] limestone skeletons are broken up , and the sand thus formed smothers yet more areas of reef .

dropped , as too expensive , but at least in 1964 the Ladies ' exposed stairway was rebuilt with a covered staircase , and a new trolley room constructed under .
dropped , as too expensive , but at least in 1964 the ladies ' [revealed] stairway was rebuilt with a covered staircase , and a new trolley room constructed under .

dropped , as too expensive , but at least in 1964 the Ladies ' exposed stairway was rebuilt with a covered staircase , and a new trolley room constructed under .
dropped , as too expensive , but at least in 1964 the ladies ' [revealed] stairway was rebuilt with a covered staircase , and a new trolley room constructed under .

The successful colonization of the land from the original marine environment not only necessitated the production of entirely new means of acquiring oxygen and supporting the weight of the body , but also exposed animals to habitats of much greater variability in temperature , humidity , and other conditions .
the successful colonization of the land from the original marine environment not only necessitated the production of entirely new means of acquiring oxygen and supporting the weight of the body , but also [revealed] animals to habitats of much greater variability in temperature , humidity , and other conditions .

However , care must be taken not to touch any part of the exposed nozzle as this quickly heats up .
however , care must be taken not to touch any part of the [revealed] nozzle as this quickly heats up .

These checks are only justified if the person is likely to be handling large sums of money or to be exposed to the possibility of bribery .
these checks are only justified if the person is likely to be handling large sums of money or to be [revealed] to the possibility of bribery .

Rainforest soils are usually very poor and when exposed to the harsh sun and heavy tropical rains , their fertility is soon washed away .
rainforest soils are usually very poor and when [revealed] to the harsh sun and heavy tropical rains , their fertility is soon washed away .

When the land is exposed to the harsh tropical sun and torrential rain , it quickly becomes infertile .
when the land is [revealed] to the harsh tropical sun and torrential rain , it quickly becomes infertile .

She had never been exposed to anything like it before , and initially she found being the centre of attention quite amusing .
she had never been [revealed] to anything like it before , and initially she found being the centre of attention quite amusing .

Every spare moment of John Drake 's time is devoted to the two-acre garden he has carved out in an open and exposed part of the Fens near Cambridge .
every spare moment of john drake 's time is devoted to the two-acre garden he has carved out in an open and [revealed] part of the fens near cambridge .

We made the mistake of not putting in the trees before the hedges and it 's taken them seven or eight years to get going because it 's so exposed .
we made the mistake of not putting in the trees before the hedges and it 's taken them seven or eight years to get going because it 's so [revealed] .

While sleeping at night we fast and are exposed to a quiet , dark environment .
while sleeping at night we fast and are [revealed] to a quiet , dark environment .

Thus , structuring our times of sleep necessarily affects our times of food intake and activity and when we are exposed to light and an active environment .
thus , structuring our times of sleep necessarily affects our times of food intake and activity and when we are [revealed] to light and an active environment .

It was also noted that patients reported an improvement in their mood if they were woken early or deprived of sleep and so , presumably , exposed to daylight much earlier in the day .
it was also noted that patients reported an improvement in their mood if they were woken early or deprived of sleep and so , presumably , [revealed] to daylight much earlier in the day .

Current legislation is embodied in the Health and Safety at Work Act which places a general duty on an employer to ‘ conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , as far as is practicable , that persons not in his employment who may be affected thereby , are not exposed to risks to their health and safety . ’
current legislation is embodied in the health and safety at work act which places a general duty on an employer to ‘ conduct his undertaking in such a way as to ensure , as far as is practicable , that persons not in his employment who may be affected thereby , are not [revealed] to risks to their health and safety . ’

Generally , sound timbers , such as wallplates and lintels which are built into masonry and which show only one or two surfaces to the building interior , may be treated by coating their exposed faces with a thick ‘ mayonnaise ’ preservative paste .
generally , sound timbers , such as wallplates and lintels which are built into masonry and which show only one or two surfaces to the building interior , may be treated by coating their [revealed] faces with a thick ‘ mayonnaise ’ preservative paste .

Where cast-iron columns support timber beams , the exposed surfaces of the beams may char , but they do not expand and generate lateral movements on columns as might steel beams or iron beams .
where cast-iron columns support timber beams , the [revealed] surfaces of the beams may char , but they do not expand and generate lateral movements on columns as might steel beams or iron beams .

From the gallery the main staircase leads up to a first-floor open-plan living/dining-room/kitchen area , the hefty roof timbers of the old barn being exposed overhead .
from the gallery the main staircase leads up to a first-floor open-plan living/dining-room/kitchen area , the hefty roof timbers of the old barn being [revealed] overhead .

The central living-room extends right up into the apex of the roof , the original heavy roof timbers — rafters , purlins and tie beams — being exposed to the interior ( Plate 13 ) .
the central living-room extends right up into the apex of the roof , the original heavy roof timbers — rafters , purlins and tie beams — being [revealed] to the interior ( plate 13 ) .

Secondly , the third-floor accommodation , lit only by the small clerestory windows of the nave ( composed of shallower paired lancets ) , managed to obtain the necessary amount of daylight from the glazing being placed at the rear of the original traceried stonework where the splayed internal window-revels generate an area exposed to daylight which is larger than the window area seen from outside ( Fig 46 ) .
secondly , the third-floor accommodation , lit only by the small clerestory windows of the nave ( composed of shallower paired lancets ) , managed to obtain the necessary amount of daylight from the glazing being placed at the rear of the original traceried stonework where the splayed internal window-revels generate an area [revealed] to daylight which is larger than the window area seen from outside ( fig 46 ) .

The silvery underside of this material is exposed to the interiors of the studio and living/dining areas , but these are such lofty spaces that this inexpensive treatment does not detract from their grandeur .
the silvery underside of this material is [revealed] to the interiors of the studio and living/dining areas , but these are such lofty spaces that this inexpensive treatment does not detract from their grandeur .

Elsewhere , new brickwork flanking circulation spaces and certain living-rooms has been painted and in every flat at least one wall-panel of the original brickwork is left exposed .
elsewhere , new brickwork flanking circulation spaces and certain living-rooms has been painted and in every flat at least one wall-panel of the original brickwork is left [revealed] .

Our position is too exposed , so we have to back off and try again half a mile to our right .
our position is too [revealed] , so we have to back off and try again half a mile to our right .

Several women felt too vulnerable or exposed to remain ; another left dramatically , announcing that her anger would destroy the group .
several women felt too vulnerable or [revealed] to remain ; another left dramatically , announcing that her anger would destroy the group .

Burden was pointing to the only one that looked bare , as if until very recently it had lain with its exposed area embedded in the river 's gravelly floor .
burden was pointing to the only one that looked bare , as if until very recently it had lain with its [revealed] area embedded in the river 's gravelly floor .

Both thorns are tolerant of pollution and are tough enough to grow in open , exposed seaside sites regularly raked over by salt-laden winds , although these of course will do nothing for the autumn display .
both thorns are tolerant of pollution and are tough enough to grow in open , [revealed] seaside sites regularly raked over by salt-laden winds , although these of course will do nothing for the autumn display .

Low-growing crocuses and irises will be easier to manage than full-size daffodils , which get beaten about by wind in exposed situations .
low-growing crocuses and irises will be easier to manage than full-size daffodils , which get beaten about by wind in [revealed] situations .

Yet where egg products exposed to the risk of contamination are involved , such as mayonnaise , the association is extraordinarily strong .
yet where egg products [revealed] to the risk of contamination are involved , such as mayonnaise , the association is extraordinarily strong .

The second main question then follows — ‘ Is the evidence reasonable ? ’ This is an objective inquiry and mainly a matter of assessing the effect of inconsistency or improbability in the evidence , which has usually been exposed by cross-examination .
the second main question then follows — ‘ is the evidence reasonable ? ’ this is an objective inquiry and mainly a matter of assessing the effect of inconsistency or improbability in the evidence , which has usually been [revealed] by cross-examination .

This section is one of the most dramatic , weaving in and out of sheltered coves and exposed headlands .
this section is one of the most dramatic , weaving in and out of sheltered coves and [revealed] headlands .

The Tory calculation is that Labour 's unity is a facade which will crack the moment it is exposed to stormy assault .
the tory calculation is that labour 's unity is a facade which will crack the moment it is [revealed] to stormy assault .

In a more expansive variant of this theme , Brodkey 's central weakness is painfully exposed .
in a more expansive variant of this theme , brodkey 's central weakness is painfully [revealed] .

However , if you do take out a foreign currency loan , make certain that it is possible to switch back into sterling at least once , and at short notice without incurring heavy charges , otherwise you are very exposed .
however , if you do take out a foreign currency loan , make certain that it is possible to switch back into sterling at least once , and at short notice without incurring heavy charges , otherwise you are very [revealed] .

With an equaliser the priority , the Scots were caught embarrassingly exposed at the back by Ferreri 's sweeping ball and Cantona found scoring a joyous simplicity .
with an equaliser the priority , the scots were caught embarrassingly [revealed] at the back by ferreri 's sweeping ball and cantona found scoring a joyous simplicity .

As a result , the brunt of investment pressures will have to be borne by an ever-decreasing stock of pubs ; and what good pubs we have left will be more than ever exposed to the cold winds of change .
as a result , the brunt of investment pressures will have to be borne by an ever-decreasing stock of pubs ; and what good pubs we have left will be more than ever [revealed] to the cold winds of change .

It can be caused when skin that is n't used to the sun is exposed to short bursts of strong sunlight .
it can be caused when skin that is n't used to the sun is [revealed] to short bursts of strong sunlight .

Give your sprouts sturdy supports If your garden is at all exposed to wind you must make sure that any top-heavy brassicas , such as Brussels sprouts and purple sprouting broccoli , are supported by really stout stakes .
give your sprouts sturdy supports if your garden is at all [revealed] to wind you must make sure that any top-heavy brassicas , such as brussels sprouts and purple sprouting broccoli , are supported by really stout stakes .

Hails from the Caucasus mountains and is well suited to all but dry or exposed sites .
hails from the caucasus mountains and is well suited to all but dry or [revealed] sites .

Guide to hedges Hedges are valuable features whether your garden is exposed to wind or view .
guide to hedges hedges are valuable features whether your garden is [revealed] to wind or view .

The main wind-break should protect the side of the garden most exposed to prevailing winds , with individual or grouped shrubs positioned to limit the impact of other seasonal winds and create sheltered corners for delicate plants .
the main wind-break should protect the side of the garden most [revealed] to prevailing winds , with individual or grouped shrubs positioned to limit the impact of other seasonal winds and create sheltered corners for delicate plants .

Though soon to be exposed to Nazi atrocities as returning soldiers and the world 's press became free to speak , he enjoyed the feeling of being on the winning side , of seeing his country 's troops and their allies making strong progress across Europe .
though soon to be [revealed] to nazi atrocities as returning soldiers and the world 's press became free to speak , he enjoyed the feeling of being on the winning side , of seeing his country 's troops and their allies making strong progress across europe .

All have been exposed to his scarifying eye and his audacious judgments ; he has projected on all his volatile wit and a searching wisdom .
all have been [revealed] to his scarifying eye and his audacious judgments ; he has projected on all his volatile wit and a searching wisdom .

Prejudices are challenged and myths exposed — for example that only homosexual men and drug users are at risk .
prejudices are challenged and myths [revealed] — for example that only homosexual men and drug users are at risk .

On a patch where the rough surface of brickwork was exposed , someone had vomited , probably a passing drunk whose sense of propriety , demanding privacy , had deterred him from being sick in the street ; or a returning resident who could not wait to climb the few steps to the communal toilet on the first half-landing .
on a patch where the rough surface of brickwork was [revealed] , someone had vomited , probably a passing drunk whose sense of propriety , demanding privacy , had deterred him from being sick in the street ; or a returning resident who could not wait to climb the few steps to the communal toilet on the first half-landing .

It is made clear that the boy was exposed to serious danger by his father 's irresponsibility and by his sisters ' departure : but his sisters had been exposed to this father too , and had had to defend themselves .
it is made clear that the boy was [revealed] to serious danger by his father 's irresponsibility and by his sisters ' departure : but his sisters had been [revealed] to this father too , and had had to defend themselves .

This brings with it the corollary that it is not always apparent whether the beliefs he expresses are Ackroyd 's or those of the writer to whom he is exposed , or both .
this brings with it the corollary that it is not always apparent whether the beliefs he expresses are ackroyd 's or those of the writer to whom he is [revealed] , or both .

’ By now free verse has been exposed as decadent , and modern art as the shopworn property of the bourgeois masses .
’ by now free verse has been [revealed] as decadent , and modern art as the shopworn property of the bourgeois masses .

Ursula 's bad back was religiously exposed to unmanageable African horses and jolting lorry rides .
ursula 's bad back was religiously [revealed] to unmanageable african horses and jolting lorry rides .

But about many of its manifestations there can be something ominous — something that is acutely understood and eloquently exposed in The Counterlife .
but about many of its manifestations there can be something ominous — something that is acutely understood and eloquently [revealed] in the counterlife .

Things which left their genitals exposed .
things which left their genitals [revealed] .

‘ Exposed beams , ’ she called excitedly over her shoulder .
‘ [revealed] beams , ’ she called excitedly over her shoulder .

For many years it had been thought that high fever had certain curative properties , and some patients were deliberately exposed to mosquitoes which were known to be carrying the malarial parasite in the hope that the resulting infection and high temperature would have a beneficial effect on the disease process .
for many years it had been thought that high fever had certain curative properties , and some patients were deliberately [revealed] to mosquitoes which were known to be carrying the malarial parasite in the hope that the resulting infection and high temperature would have a beneficial effect on the disease process .

In the susceptible man who is exposed to infection , the first signs develop after four or five days .
in the susceptible man who is [revealed] to infection , the first signs develop after four or five days .

Nobody likes to see their mistakes exposed in public , especially those who have to spend the rest of their lives in bitter consequence .
nobody likes to see their mistakes [revealed] in public , especially those who have to spend the rest of their lives in bitter consequence .

In interview , he is exposed , pressured and forced to qualify everything .
in interview , he is [revealed] , pressured and forced to qualify everything .

Reversed from previous years , the last 10 miles included a long climb to begin with and continued on higher ground , which was exposed to both direct sun and prevailing wind .
reversed from previous years , the last 10 miles included a long climb to begin with and continued on higher ground , which was [revealed] to both direct sun and prevailing wind .

And , according to Government scientists , breast-fed babies can be exposed to up to 100 times the guideline level .
and , according to government scientists , breast-fed babies can be [revealed] to up to 100 times the guideline level .

There were cases of teachers following girls home , and one who exposed himself .
there were cases of teachers following girls home , and one who [revealed] himself .

He was finally exposed when a parent became suspicious of the head 's refusal to show the children a police video about sexual abuse .
he was finally [revealed] when a parent became suspicious of the head 's refusal to show the children a police video about sexual abuse .

Our weaknesses are ruthlessly exposed , without the true understanding and compassion of the other person .
our weaknesses are ruthlessly [revealed] , without the true understanding and compassion of the other person .

Nothing could penetrate that world of her unshakeable convictions but the humility of being exposed and shattered by the ugly girl with her outspoken rudeness , significantly called Mary Grace .
nothing could penetrate that world of her unshakeable convictions but the humility of being [revealed] and shattered by the ugly girl with her outspoken rudeness , significantly called mary grace .

Everything has been expressed and exposed before God , so there is nothing to hide , and no concern about being made vulnerable .
everything has been expressed and [revealed] before god , so there is nothing to hide , and no concern about being made vulnerable .

All of the above are proposed as ‘ standard ’ conditions to which stability test samples should normally be exposed .
all of the above are proposed as ‘ standard ’ conditions to which stability test samples should normally be [revealed] .

80 per cent relative humidity is recommended as the maximum humidity to which samples should be exposed .
80 per cent relative humidity is recommended as the maximum humidity to which samples should be [revealed] .

Light can bring about change in products , and products that are likely to be exposed to light in the market should always be tested by exposure to light . Recommended test conditions are :
light can bring about change in products , and products that are likely to be [revealed] to light in the market should always be tested by exposure to light . recommended test conditions are :

Exposure to direct sunlight is generally to be avoided since products are seldom exposed to it , and because it can quickly produce effects that are never seen in practice .
exposure to direct sunlight is generally to be avoided since products are seldom [revealed] to it , and because it can quickly produce effects that are never seen in practice .

Some compounds are photo-labile ; therefore , samples that have been exposed to light should be examined in full and not only in terms of their colour .
some compounds are photo-labile ; therefore , samples that have been [revealed] to light should be examined in full and not only in terms of their colour .

In high-rainfall areas , bins on a well-drained site are best ; pits may become waterlogged and open heaps are too exposed to cooling winds and beating rain .
in high-rainfall areas , bins on a well-drained site are best ; pits may become waterlogged and open heaps are too [revealed] to cooling winds and beating rain .

Stacks are not very suitable for small quantities , as too great an area is exposed to the air and a relatively high proportion of the crop wasted .
stacks are not very suitable for small quantities , as too great an area is [revealed] to the air and a relatively high proportion of the crop wasted .

After cutting and initial drying of the exposed surface the swathes are turned over by hand or mechanical rake to expose the wet under-surface and to move the whole windrow onto dry ground .
after cutting and initial drying of the [revealed] surface the swathes are turned over by hand or mechanical rake to expose the wet under-surface and to move the whole windrow onto dry ground .

Thin crops on exposed hillsides are better on the smaller supports .
thin crops on [revealed] hillsides are better on the smaller supports .

When carted to barn or rick the sheaves are stacked butts-out in such a way that the heads are not exposed to weather or birds .
when carted to barn or rick the sheaves are stacked butts-out in such a way that the heads are not [revealed] to weather or birds .

At Meadville an immense barn-like structure contained long , almost monastic , rooms with exposed rafters .
at meadville an immense barn-like structure contained long , almost monastic , rooms with [revealed] rafters .

There the interior was almost indistinguishable from a church : the nave was the waiting-room complete with seats arranged like pews , memorials on the walls , chandeliers suspended from exposed rafters ; the chancel was the booking office , with an information kiosk in the crossing ; the apses were the entrance lobby and the route to the tracks .
there the interior was almost indistinguishable from a church : the nave was the waiting-room complete with seats arranged like pews , memorials on the walls , chandeliers suspended from [revealed] rafters ; the chancel was the booking office , with an information kiosk in the crossing ; the apses were the entrance lobby and the route to the tracks .

Their anomalous position illustrates the danger of reading back ( even into the 1950s , let alone the 1930s ) the more precisely defined contemporary categories , and eventually exposed them to abolition .
their anomalous position illustrates the danger of reading back ( even into the 1950s , let alone the 1930s ) the more precisely defined contemporary categories , and eventually [revealed] them to abolition .

Beneath the tarmac in many old streets and lanes , the original stone sets or cobbles survive and can be exposed .
beneath the tarmac in many old streets and lanes , the original stone sets or cobbles survive and can be [revealed] .

Simple application of a culture or scrapings of a mould to an exposed wound was an unsatisfactory business , and some sort of concentration of an active principle was needed .
simple application of a culture or scrapings of a mould to an [revealed] wound was an unsatisfactory business , and some sort of concentration of an active principle was needed .

He exposed cells in culture to influenza virus , showed that they were resistant to infection with certain other viruses , and isolated from his cultures a protein which conferred the same resistance on fresh cells .
he [revealed] cells in culture to influenza virus , showed that they were resistant to infection with certain other viruses , and isolated from his cultures a protein which conferred the same resistance on fresh cells .

But it soon became evident that there were many kinds of interferon , all produced when cells were exposed to particular viruses but varying in their exact nature according to the cells which produced them and the species of animal from which the cells originated .
but it soon became evident that there were many kinds of interferon , all produced when cells were [revealed] to particular viruses but varying in their exact nature according to the cells which produced them and the species of animal from which the cells originated .

One derivative , later named methisazone , attracted interest because it was shown in clinical trials in Madras , in 1963 , to prevent people exposed to smallpox during an epidemic from developing the disease , even though it did not hasten recovery once the disease had developed .
one derivative , later named methisazone , attracted interest because it was shown in clinical trials in madras , in 1963 , to prevent people [revealed] to smallpox during an epidemic from developing the disease , even though it did not hasten recovery once the disease had developed .

Methods for measuring the amount or intensity of radiation had not been developed , and the doses to which different patients were exposed probably varied from the imperceptible to the lethal .
methods for measuring the amount or intensity of radiation had not been developed , and the doses to which different patients were [revealed] probably varied from the imperceptible to the lethal .

Early workers with X-rays , who were exposed to what by modern standards are horrifying doses , developed cancers at an alarming rate .
early workers with x-rays , who were [revealed] to what by modern standards are horrifying doses , developed cancers at an alarming rate .

It creates a sense of well-being so attractive that few can resist using it if they have been exposed to it too often .
it creates a sense of well-being so attractive that few can resist using it if they have been [revealed] to it too often .

But with the end of the Cold War , Western imperialist intervention under the guise of ‘ fighting Communism ’ is beginning to be laid bare , and the Allies in the Gulf are being exposed as never before .
but with the end of the cold war , western imperialist intervention under the guise of ‘ fighting communism ’ is beginning to be laid bare , and the allies in the gulf are being [revealed] as never before .

For them , this adamant position on the part of the dominant faction in the American administration exposed the complete lack of any desire for a peaceful negotiated solution to the conflict in the Middle East .
for them , this adamant position on the part of the dominant faction in the american administration [revealed] the complete lack of any desire for a peaceful negotiated solution to the conflict in the middle east .

She felt a little exposed and felt her way along until she discovered she was on a ledge .
she felt a little [revealed] and felt her way along until she discovered she was on a ledge .

Bruno is turned out in a set of white-sequined boxing trunks with blue stripes and a matching set of Masters of the Universe shoulder pads , his incredibly muscled midriff exposed between .
bruno is turned out in a set of white-sequined boxing trunks with blue stripes and a matching set of masters of the universe shoulder pads , his incredibly muscled midriff [revealed] between .

These show that the birds make little use of the lower mudflats , which would be permanently flooded when the barrage is built , preferring the higher levels , which would still be exposed .
these show that the birds make little use of the lower mudflats , which would be permanently flooded when the barrage is built , preferring the higher levels , which would still be [revealed] .

The fire service clamped down on initiation rituals after a young firewoman in London revealed that colleagues had tied her to a ladder , hosed her down , poured urine over her , used foul language and exposed themselves to her .
the fire service clamped down on initiation rituals after a young firewoman in london revealed that colleagues had tied her to a ladder , hosed her down , poured urine over her , used foul language and [revealed] themselves to her .

Male and female roles were separate and complementary , and based on the primitive , that the male was the stronger and not exposed to the constant and deathly risks of the childbed .
male and female roles were separate and complementary , and based on the primitive , that the male was the stronger and not [revealed] to the constant and deathly risks of the childbed .

Lieutenant-general Wolfgang Schwanitz , the new head of the Office for National Security , the former Stasi , was asked the other day why he had not opposed and exposed excesses when he was deputy head of the organisation .
lieutenant-general wolfgang schwanitz , the new head of the office for national security , the former stasi , was asked the other day why he had not opposed and [revealed] excesses when he was deputy head of the organisation .

Party leaders inserted this clause after an August Central Committee meeting at which the General Secretary , Mr Nguyen Van Linh , exposed the leadership 's anxiety at developments in China and Eastern Europe with a fierce denunciation of political pluralism and subversive imperialist powers .
party leaders inserted this clause after an august central committee meeting at which the general secretary , mr nguyen van linh , [revealed] the leadership 's anxiety at developments in china and eastern europe with a fierce denunciation of political pluralism and subversive imperialist powers .

No longer , exposed and vulnerable , would she have to chase and harry after happiness .
no longer , [revealed] and vulnerable , would she have to chase and harry after happiness .

It was like the beginning of healing to get into their seats and kneel beside Moran , no longer exposed .
it was like the beginning of healing to get into their seats and kneel beside moran , no longer [revealed] .

Full of hidden violence , she was unnaturally acquiescent , fearful that her own unyieldingness would be exposed and its consequences violent .
full of hidden violence , she was unnaturally acquiescent , fearful that her own unyieldingness would be [revealed] and its consequences violent .

The transmission uses the existing gearbox and gear lever , and retains the exposed gate operating via an electrically controlled clutch that regulates the speed of the change via the position of the accelerator pedal .
the transmission uses the existing gearbox and gear lever , and retains the [revealed] gate operating via an electrically controlled clutch that regulates the speed of the change via the position of the accelerator pedal .

here , the lack of adequate damping revealed itself in float and wallow , and excessive body roll that exposed serious defects in the seats .
here , the lack of adequate damping revealed itself in float and wallow , and excessive body roll that [revealed] serious defects in the seats .

Storage is one stumbling block , hooks quickly deteriorate once they have been exposed to saltwater spray .
storage is one stumbling block , hooks quickly deteriorate once they have been [revealed] to saltwater spray .

The nurse was an impostor who drugged the baby but was exposed after two days and sacked .
the nurse was an impostor who drugged the baby but was [revealed] after two days and sacked .

He thought the post ‘ more exposed ’ , ‘ less cosy ’ .
he thought the post ‘ more [revealed] ’ , ‘ less cosy ’ .

That meant , the secretary exposed his part in the proceedings .
that meant , the secretary [revealed] his part in the proceedings .

To have the consequences of their finance exposed — and acknowledged before the world — within four months of their budget will be a wonderful lesson .
to have the consequences of their finance [revealed] — and acknowledged before the world — within four months of their budget will be a wonderful lesson .

The Chiefs of Staff did not want to do this , and the Defence Committee was worried lest the Korean conflict should divert attention from other danger-spots in Asia and blind Britain to the risk to which it was exposed in Europe .
the chiefs of staff did not want to do this , and the defence committee was worried lest the korean conflict should divert attention from other danger-spots in asia and blind britain to the risk to which it was [revealed] in europe .

And the car park was too rutted and stony to permit ball games , far too exposed to sustain our hiding and seeking , tick and nicking .
and the car park was too rutted and stony to permit ball games , far too [revealed] to sustain our hiding and seeking , tick and nicking .

By phrasing questions in different ways , inconsistencies are exposed without the need for having a detailed knowledge of a particular technique .
by phrasing questions in different ways , inconsistencies are [revealed] without the need for having a detailed knowledge of a particular technique .

So now Maggie was not afraid of the dark , even though the great windows exposed her to the full moon and turned her own skin white and pearly — a reflection of reflected light .
so now maggie was not afraid of the dark , even though the great windows [revealed] her to the full moon and turned her own skin white and pearly — a reflection of reflected light .

It was the Akwapim people of southern Ghana , exposed to centuries of trading with Europe , who had the capital in the 1890s to hire porters and clear the forest in order to plant cocoa .
it was the akwapim people of southern ghana , [revealed] to centuries of trading with europe , who had the capital in the 1890s to hire porters and clear the forest in order to plant cocoa .

These developments will continue to leave governments in an increasingly exposed position .
these developments will continue to leave governments in an increasingly [revealed] position .

The touching up had been well managed but elsewhere there remained a few patches of exposed metal requiring attention — just above the bumper on the front offside wing , inside the wheelarch of the same wing and around the radiator duct .
the touching up had been well managed but elsewhere there remained a few patches of [revealed] metal requiring attention — just above the bumper on the front offside wing , inside the wheelarch of the same wing and around the radiator duct .

The carefully conceived ‘ return for nourishment ’ to the rituals exposed by Cornford exhausted itself after two fragments .
the carefully conceived ‘ return for nourishment ’ to the rituals [revealed] by cornford exhausted itself after two fragments .

All that becomes apparent is that the ritual , once exposed as deathly , is dead .
all that becomes apparent is that the ritual , once [revealed] as deathly , is dead .

The legislation has made the creation of new closed shops more difficult , has restricted definition of what are legal strikes , and has exposed union funds to claims against unlawful industrial action .
the legislation has made the creation of new closed shops more difficult , has restricted definition of what are legal strikes , and has [revealed] union funds to claims against unlawful industrial action .

Heterosexuality , once it is exposed as an exchange of women between men , reveals itself as a mediated form of homosexuality .
heterosexuality , once it is [revealed] as an exchange of women between men , reveals itself as a mediated form of homosexuality .

‘ It may be that those involved in the sale of gilt options did not realise that they actually increased the risk to which the council was exposed rather than reducing it . ’
‘ it may be that those involved in the sale of gilt options did not realise that they actually increased the risk to which the council was [revealed] rather than reducing it . ’

Wednesday may have started the season like a Second Division side , but for all the shortcomings exposed in the League , they are still much too good for opponents from the Fourth .
wednesday may have started the season like a second division side , but for all the shortcomings [revealed] in the league , they are still much too good for opponents from the fourth .

Some market men said they believed Smith was trying to support the price because the firm was already heavily exposed to Ferranti , having picked up the bulk of shares placed at 81p in July by Jim Guerin , International Signal and Control 's former chairman .
some market men said they believed smith was trying to support the price because the firm was already heavily [revealed] to ferranti , having picked up the bulk of shares placed at 81p in july by jim guerin , international signal and control 's former chairman .

What happened then , with the carefully engineered declaration of martial law in 1972 , exposed the real power behind the dictator .
what happened then , with the carefully engineered declaration of martial law in 1972 , [revealed] the real power behind the dictator .

Its manner has exposed the procedural inexperience of the first full-time Soviet legislature and the ideological divisions of its 542 members .
its manner has [revealed] the procedural inexperience of the first full-time soviet legislature and the ideological divisions of its 542 members .

It had bare , exposed recitative telling how Jubal killed a swan and learnt music from its dying song , and twanging , soft , oscillating piano octaves within which the voice was supposed to lodge with accurate purity .
it had bare , [revealed] recitative telling how jubal killed a swan and learnt music from its dying song , and twanging , soft , oscillating piano octaves within which the voice was supposed to lodge with accurate purity .

The inadequacies of Next 's inherited high street formulae have been cruelly exposed by the slowdown in consumer spending , reflected in a slump in profits at Next Retail from £7.6m to just £1.7m .
the inadequacies of next 's inherited high street formulae have been cruelly [revealed] by the slowdown in consumer spending , reflected in a slump in profits at next retail from £7.6m to just £1.7m .

But it would leave the Government exposed to the full force of house-buyers ' fury , with no international excuse for forcing an increase in mortgage rates that would probably have occurred anyway .
but it would leave the government [revealed] to the full force of house-buyers ' fury , with no international excuse for forcing an increase in mortgage rates that would probably have occurred anyway .

The student demonstrations against corruption occurred because of illegalities exposed as a result of his high standards of probity .
the student demonstrations against corruption occurred because of illegalities [revealed] as a result of his high standards of probity .

‘ It seems to me that a new play like Shadowlands needs to be exposed to different audiences before it settles down .
‘ it seems to me that a new play like shadowlands needs to be [revealed] to different audiences before it settles down .

With both flanks exposed , Theller 's troops took to their heels , and ‘ the panic became general ’ .
with both flanks [revealed] , theller 's troops took to their heels , and ‘ the panic became general ’ .

They were all dismembered portions , with exposed ribs and piglike pink hides .
they were all dismembered portions , with [revealed] ribs and piglike pink hides .

Farms in DRAs tend to be far less capital intensive than those in the more advantaged areas , and though as a result , are perhaps less exposed to the problem of debt-servicing than wealthier farmers , their incomes are more susceptible to relatively small fluctuations in commodity prices .
farms in dras tend to be far less capital intensive than those in the more advantaged areas , and though as a result , are perhaps less [revealed] to the problem of debt-servicing than wealthier farmers , their incomes are more susceptible to relatively small fluctuations in commodity prices .

All farmers are exposed to the vagaries of the weather and the ever-present risks of disease ; their economic viability depends on the natural advantages and disadvantages of terrain , position and climate .
all farmers are [revealed] to the vagaries of the weather and the ever-present risks of disease ; their economic viability depends on the natural advantages and disadvantages of terrain , position and climate .

Farmers are more exposed than any other entrepreneur to unexpected , uncontrollable ( and more than infrequent ) disastrous weather phenomena .
farmers are more [revealed] than any other entrepreneur to unexpected , uncontrollable ( and more than infrequent ) disastrous weather phenomena .

However , it is already apparent that resistance can be induced in insects relatively rapidly when they are exposed to toxin that has been expressed in plants or other organisms .
however , it is already apparent that resistance can be induced in insects relatively rapidly when they are [revealed] to toxin that has been expressed in plants or other organisms .

This is where the forces of the earth are exposed with a dramatic clarity and where billion-year old rocks , deposited at a time when seas extended right across the valley give the stark harshness of the area a startling and a rare and sometimes unexpected beauty at different times of the day .
this is where the forces of the earth are [revealed] with a dramatic clarity and where billion-year old rocks , deposited at a time when seas extended right across the valley give the stark harshness of the area a startling and a rare and sometimes unexpected beauty at different times of the day .

It becomes compulsory when sailing off exposed beaches in rough conditions , since it means you can escape the hazardous shorebreak quickly .
it becomes compulsory when sailing off [revealed] beaches in rough conditions , since it means you can escape the hazardous shorebreak quickly .

An urban lad , such wide open spaces made him feel exposed and uncomfortable .
an urban lad , such wide open spaces made him feel [revealed] and uncomfortable .

Education : How politicking has split the vice-chancellors : The students ' fees campaign has exposed differences between university leaders , Ngaio Crequer says
education : how politicking has split the vice-chancellors : the students ' fees campaign has [revealed] differences between university leaders , ngaio crequer says

It was an unworthily prosaic culmination of a momentous occasion in which , for once , the good in Welsh rugby was exposed for public consumption .
it was an unworthily prosaic culmination of a momentous occasion in which , for once , the good in welsh rugby was [revealed] for public consumption .

The Save the Children Fund , which was working in the camps , made a report which exposed the scandal of the Ethiopian camps .
the save the children fund , which was working in the camps , made a report which [revealed] the scandal of the ethiopian camps .

The clampdown has exposed the close links between landowners , the security forces and the cocaine cartels , who set up paramilitary squads to ‘ clean out ’ left-wing activists from rural areas such as the Magdalena Medio .
the clampdown has [revealed] the close links between landowners , the security forces and the cocaine cartels , who set up paramilitary squads to ‘ clean out ’ left-wing activists from rural areas such as the magdalena medio .

Injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 provides the framework for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .
injuries and deaths at work are a significant and reducible source of danger to the citizen , and the health and safety at work act 1974 provides the framework for the regulation of safety in work-places with an offence of failing to ensure that , ‘ so far as is reasonably practicable ’ , employees are not [revealed] to risks to their health or safety .

For example , in addition to the road-traffic offences , there are offences under sections 32 and 33 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 of endangering railway passengers ; there are the offences under section 1 ( 2 ) of the Criminal Damage Act 1971 of endangering the lives of others by causing damage to property ( usually by fire ) ; the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 penalizes employers for failure to ensure that employees are not exposed to risks to their health or safety ; and there are offences , such as that under section 12 of the Consumer Protection Act 1987 , of selling goods in contravention of safety regulations .
for example , in addition to the road-traffic offences , there are offences under sections 32 and 33 of the offences against the person act 1861 of endangering railway passengers ; there are the offences under section 1 ( 2 ) of the criminal damage act 1971 of endangering the lives of others by causing damage to property ( usually by fire ) ; the health and safety at work act 1974 penalizes employers for failure to ensure that employees are not [revealed] to risks to their health or safety ; and there are offences , such as that under section 12 of the consumer protection act 1987 , of selling goods in contravention of safety regulations .

Their army flees on to the exposed sea bed , and there gets bogged down .
their army flees on to the [revealed] sea bed , and there gets bogged down .

Miss Parker said she thanked God for high cheek bones every time she looked in a mirror and , on cover after cover , very little beyond her cheek bones was exposed .
miss parker said she thanked god for high cheek bones every time she looked in a mirror and , on cover after cover , very little beyond her cheek bones was [revealed] .

It must have felt lonely when a respected customer ( whose name was not exposed even to me ) dropped from under her coat the bag of flour she had been concealing there .
it must have felt lonely when a respected customer ( whose name was not [revealed] even to me ) dropped from under her coat the bag of flour she had been concealing there .

Dipped in hormone powder , the stem section is then buried in the compost , leaving the bud and leaf exposed .
dipped in hormone powder , the stem section is then buried in the compost , leaving the bud and leaf [revealed] .

Tie in place with raffia , leaving the bud exposed .
tie in place with raffia , leaving the bud [revealed] .

In spring , either dig up the shrub and replant at a deeper level , or mound soil round its base so that only the upper half of stems is exposed .
in spring , either dig up the shrub and replant at a deeper level , or mound soil round its base so that only the upper half of stems is [revealed] .

Tape or tie in the bud securely , leaving the bud itself exposed
tape or tie in the bud securely , leaving the bud itself [revealed]

In places like Fort William where the rainfall is so high , or on high exposed ground , some vegetables may not make it .
in places like fort william where the rainfall is so high , or on high [revealed] ground , some vegetables may not make it .

But what we really get is we feel exposed .
but what we really get is we feel [revealed] .

It was a sweltering hot afternoon : acres of pale , pimply flesh were being uncovered and exposed to the sun .
it was a sweltering hot afternoon : acres of pale , pimply flesh were being uncovered and [revealed] to the sun .

He struggled and pleaded , curling his exposed fingers into a fist that strained against the bigger , stronger fingers encircling his wrist .
he struggled and pleaded , curling his [revealed] fingers into a fist that strained against the bigger , stronger fingers encircling his wrist .

Just inside the entrance , she turned to survey the clientèle , making sure as she did so that all the men got a tantalising glimpse of a very long and elegant leg exposed through a side slit .
just inside the entrance , she turned to survey the clientèle , making sure as she did so that all the men got a tantalising glimpse of a very long and elegant leg [revealed] through a side slit .

For the best part of an hour he exposed what was really going on in the international motor industry .
for the best part of an hour he [revealed] what was really going on in the international motor industry .

After reading a report of his Relief Inspector , Trevelyan sympathised with his being exposed daily to :
after reading a report of his relief inspector , trevelyan sympathised with his being [revealed] daily to :

Those who were not Christians were even more exposed to the belief that the dead might continue to harbour feelings , including , perhaps , feelings of resentment for injuries suffered in life .
those who were not christians were even more [revealed] to the belief that the dead might continue to harbour feelings , including , perhaps , feelings of resentment for injuries suffered in life .

It was no less astonishing that she should find room on her emaciated body to engrave in it , by her discipline , the wounds of the son of God … she gave herself such blows that her blood sprinkled the wails … and as she practised this penance daily every night she reopened her bleeding wounds by making new ones … Her confessor having ordered her to use an ordinary discipline and leave off her iron chain , she made it knot three rows and wore it round her body … This chain soon took the skin off and entered so deeply into her flesh that it was no longer visible … She bound her arms from the shoulder to the elbow with thick cords … she rubbed herself with nettles … [ in her full length hair shirt ] she appeared more glorious in the eyes of God from her having armed it underneath with a great quantity of points of needles to increase her suffering by this ingenious cruelty … She exposed the soles of her feet at the mouth of the oven … she drank gall and rubbed her eyes therewith … in her ardent desire for suffering she made herself a silver circlet in which she fixed three rows of sharp points in honour of the thirty-three years that the Son of God lived upon earth … she wore it underneath her veil to make it the more painful as these points being unequally long did not all pierce at the same time … so that with the least agitation these iron thorns tore her flesh in ninety-nine places … To keep herself from sleep she suspended herself ingeniously upon a large cross which hung in her room … and should this fail she attached her hair [ the one lock she had not shaved off to the nail in the feet of her Christ so that the least relaxation would inflict terrible suffering on her … [ She constructed herself a bed so excruciatingly painful that ] although she was very generous , still she never placed herself upon it without trembling and shuddering … so violent was the emotion which the inferior [ i.e .
it was no less astonishing that she should find room on her emaciated body to engrave in it , by her discipline , the wounds of the son of god … she gave herself such blows that her blood sprinkled the wails … and as she practised this penance daily every night she reopened her bleeding wounds by making new ones … her confessor having ordered her to use an ordinary discipline and leave off her iron chain , she made it knot three rows and wore it round her body … this chain soon took the skin off and entered so deeply into her flesh that it was no longer visible … she bound her arms from the shoulder to the elbow with thick cords … she rubbed herself with nettles … [ in her full length hair shirt ] she appeared more glorious in the eyes of god from her having armed it underneath with a great quantity of points of needles to increase her suffering by this ingenious cruelty … she [revealed] the soles of her feet at the mouth of the oven … she drank gall and rubbed her eyes therewith … in her ardent desire for suffering she made herself a silver circlet in which she fixed three rows of sharp points in honour of the thirty-three years that the son of god lived upon earth … she wore it underneath her veil to make it the more painful as these points being unequally long did not all pierce at the same time … so that with the least agitation these iron thorns tore her flesh in ninety-nine places … to keep herself from sleep she suspended herself ingeniously upon a large cross which hung in her room … and should this fail she attached her hair [ the one lock she had not shaved off to the nail in the feet of her christ so that the least relaxation would inflict terrible suffering on her … [ she constructed herself a bed so excruciatingly painful that ] although she was very generous , still she never placed herself upon it without trembling and shuddering … so violent was the emotion which the inferior [ i.e .

This is very clearly exposed in the debate surrounding the use of chloroform as an anaesthetic , which emerged in the middle years of the nineteenth century .
this is very clearly [revealed] in the debate surrounding the use of chloroform as an anaesthetic , which emerged in the middle years of the nineteenth century .

As a final touch spray the now exposed grouting with strong ( 8 percent ) hypochlorite and leave to dry .
as a final touch spray the now [revealed] grouting with strong ( 8 percent ) hypochlorite and leave to dry .

Because over development , or an increase in developer dilution or strength , can not appreciably raise the density of the exposed shadow areas , ( in the region of lightly exposed silver halides there is almost nothing to actually overdevelop ) , the developer strength or developing time can be varied to lower or increase the highlight areas .
because over development , or an increase in developer dilution or strength , can not appreciably raise the density of the [revealed] shadow areas , ( in the region of lightly [revealed] silver halides there is almost nothing to actually overdevelop ) , the developer strength or developing time can be varied to lower or increase the highlight areas .

If the subject contrast is very flat the dilution of Rodinal can be lowered to 1:25 or even less so that the increased developer activity boosts the exposed high-tone areas and produces a negative with an expanded tonal range .
if the subject contrast is very flat the dilution of rodinal can be lowered to 1:25 or even less so that the increased developer activity boosts the [revealed] high-tone areas and produces a negative with an expanded tonal range .

It 's vague story is juxtaposed with much historical , even statistical , documentation , in paragraphs whose scant narrative connections are further exposed by their widely separate layout on the printed page .
it 's vague story is juxtaposed with much historical , even statistical , documentation , in paragraphs whose scant narrative connections are further [revealed] by their widely separate layout on the printed page .

This permitted the creation of a new five-storey office space , in complementary style — and exposed the attractive ‘ interior ’ south-facing elevation of the original building .
this permitted the creation of a new five-storey office space , in complementary style — and [revealed] the attractive ‘ interior ’ south-facing elevation of the original building .

Again finishes are low-key , to complement the large areas to exposed Edwardian brick .
again finishes are low-key , to complement the large areas to [revealed] edwardian brick .

The fallacy , so long espoused by the United States , that any political settlement for the West Bank must primarily involve Jordan was sharply exposed by the Uprising .
the fallacy , so long espoused by the united states , that any political settlement for the west bank must primarily involve jordan was sharply [revealed] by the uprising .

Apart from the paperwork and delays incurred on both sides of the bridge , exporters found themselves exposed to political pressures and a declining market , as Jordan developed its own agricultural potential on the east side of the Jordan valley .
apart from the paperwork and delays incurred on both sides of the bridge , exporters found themselves [revealed] to political pressures and a declining market , as jordan developed its own agricultural potential on the east side of the jordan valley .

Eddie McAteer repeated Betty Sinclair 's plea for restraint : ‘ Join with me in wishing that no one should be exposed to hurt here today .
eddie mcateer repeated betty sinclair 's plea for restraint : ‘ join with me in wishing that no one should be [revealed] to hurt here today .

Because Jo 's father was English and Lorna Lewis gave many interviews explaining that the secret of keeping a marriage together in Hollywood was to make sure your husband was the king of his own home , they had chosen a house built in English baronial style , with walls mantled with ivy , black exposed timbers , fireplaces big enough to hold a conference in and small diamond-paned windows through which the sun streamed defiantly in brilliant narrow shafts .
because jo 's father was english and lorna lewis gave many interviews explaining that the secret of keeping a marriage together in hollywood was to make sure your husband was the king of his own home , they had chosen a house built in english baronial style , with walls mantled with ivy , black [revealed] timbers , fireplaces big enough to hold a conference in and small diamond-paned windows through which the sun streamed defiantly in brilliant narrow shafts .

That 's the way he wanted it and his own bosses at American International Pictures made further changes through the difficulties they anticipated in getting the film distributed to the cinemas ; it was quite probable that it would arouse backlash over its drug content , although , as John Baxter wrote in his review of Sixties films , it was one of those films that exposed with skill the psychological moral pressures vexing society .
that 's the way he wanted it and his own bosses at american international pictures made further changes through the difficulties they anticipated in getting the film distributed to the cinemas ; it was quite probable that it would arouse backlash over its drug content , although , as john baxter wrote in his review of sixties films , it was one of those films that [revealed] with skill the psychological moral pressures vexing society .

3.3 shows , the subjects exposed to a variety of flavours acquired the aversion readily ; that is , showed no latent inhibition .
3.3 shows , the subjects [revealed] to a variety of flavours acquired the aversion readily ; that is , showed no latent inhibition .

Subjects were exposed to a distinctive odour in one or other of two discriminably different cages .
subjects were [revealed] to a distinctive odour in one or other of two discriminably different cages .

In particular , Lubow , Rifkin , and Alek ( 1976 ) themselves have shown that animals pre-exposed in one environment and tested in another can learn more readily than a control group exposed neither to the stimuli nor to the test apparatus .
in particular , lubow , rifkin , and alek ( 1976 ) themselves have shown that animals pre-exposed in one environment and tested in another can learn more readily than a control group [revealed] neither to the stimuli nor to the test apparatus .

In one of their paradigms , subjects in the experimental condition were exposed on separate occasions to an odour and to a tactile cue ( the texture of a flooring ) .
in one of their paradigms , subjects in the experimental condition were [revealed] on separate occasions to an odour and to a tactile cue ( the texture of a flooring ) .

The main disadvantage of this arrangement is that the cameras are looking down on those speaking from the front-benches , and , unless they take care to keep their heads up , the tops of their heads rather than their faces are exposed on the screen .
the main disadvantage of this arrangement is that the cameras are looking down on those speaking from the front-benches , and , unless they take care to keep their heads up , the tops of their heads rather than their faces are [revealed] on the screen .

Within six matches Schmeichel had been exposed to the Wimbledon approach and survived .
within six matches schmeichel had been [revealed] to the wimbledon approach and survived .

That would leave those short of pounds at current levels exposed to large losses .
that would leave those short of pounds at current levels [revealed] to large losses .

Mr Kevin Williams , the solicitor who exposed Pindown and led the campaign for a full inquiry into the regime , said yesterday the Official Solicitor had asked the children to seek legal advice about compensation if they had not already done so .
mr kevin williams , the solicitor who [revealed] pindown and led the campaign for a full inquiry into the regime , said yesterday the official solicitor had asked the children to seek legal advice about compensation if they had not already done so .

Indeed throughout Harwood has some excellent jokes at the expense of the affectation and ludicrous self-absorption of actors , though he is even more unsparing on the playwright , who is gradually exposed in Stephen Moore 's performance as a devious , self-regarding little swine .
indeed throughout harwood has some excellent jokes at the expense of the affectation and ludicrous self-absorption of actors , though he is even more unsparing on the playwright , who is gradually [revealed] in stephen moore 's performance as a devious , self-regarding little swine .

Treat exposed soil with weedkiller , then tip sand on to the prepared foundation , and rake smooth
treat [revealed] soil with weedkiller , then tip sand on to the prepared foundation , and rake smooth

But d-i-y treatment will go a long way towards keeping rot at bay , and you should be prepared to give freshly exposed cut surfaces of both cladding and battens an extra coat of preservative during installation for extra protection .
but d-i-y treatment will go a long way towards keeping rot at bay , and you should be prepared to give freshly [revealed] cut surfaces of both cladding and battens an extra coat of preservative during installation for extra protection .

The further division of Railfreight into five subsectors , namely Coal , Construction , Petroleum , Metals and Distribution , has exposed the strengths and weaknesses of individual traffic flows and kept the degree of cross-subsidy within the sector to a minimum .
the further division of railfreight into five subsectors , namely coal , construction , petroleum , metals and distribution , has [revealed] the strengths and weaknesses of individual traffic flows and kept the degree of cross-subsidy within the sector to a minimum .

His exposed starting point for the ascent was the strategically positioned rock ledge now named the Bower .
his [revealed] starting point for the ascent was the strategically positioned rock ledge now named the bower .

The next pitch , stepping from the exposed top of the pinnacle block , is again a bold exercise , one immediately followed by a forced mantleshelf move to gain a horizontal weakness in the smooth wall .
the next pitch , stepping from the [revealed] top of the pinnacle block , is again a bold exercise , one immediately followed by a forced mantleshelf move to gain a horizontal weakness in the smooth wall .

Impressively placed and considerably exposed , it hangs on the vertical right wall of the corner with a straight drop to North-West Gully , an uninterrupted 150ft ( 45m ) below .
impressively placed and considerably [revealed] , it hangs on the vertical right wall of the corner with a straight drop to north-west gully , an uninterrupted 150ft ( 45m ) below .

It was steep and exposed but solid , and the final push for the summit involved some exhilarating scrambling .
it was steep and [revealed] but solid , and the final push for the summit involved some exhilarating scrambling .

Along the crest of this ridge the rock had been exposed in several places , and eroded into a line of towers and pinnacles .
along the crest of this ridge the rock had been [revealed] in several places , and eroded into a line of towers and pinnacles .

The floor was undulating , covered in grass and a few patches of exposed rock .
the floor was undulating , covered in grass and a few patches of [revealed] rock .

Analysts downgraded four-year profit projections and exposed Lincat to the harsher side of stock market life , culminating in a fall in the share price to 127p .
analysts downgraded four-year profit projections and [revealed] lincat to the harsher side of stock market life , culminating in a fall in the share price to 127p .

But its limits are exposed by asking a simple question : why , then , should Mr Lawson not be quite happy to see the deficit get even larger ?
but its limits are [revealed] by asking a simple question : why , then , should mr lawson not be quite happy to see the deficit get even larger ?

Chris Patten , hailed the new ozone-friendly Secretary of State for Environment , had now been exposed as the ‘ dirty water salesman of Europe ’ .
chris patten , hailed the new ozone-friendly secretary of state for environment , had now been [revealed] as the ‘ dirty water salesman of europe ’ .

This has not only exposed the underlying differences between Likud and Labour which the initiative papered over .
this has not only [revealed] the underlying differences between likud and labour which the initiative papered over .

Its translucent glass , bare concrete ceilings , exposed pipework and Rennie Mackintosh-ish chairs are miles away from the gilt-and-gingerbread kitsch of the Hong Kong restaurant mainstream .
its translucent glass , bare concrete ceilings , [revealed] pipework and rennie mackintosh-ish chairs are miles away from the gilt-and-gingerbread kitsch of the hong kong restaurant mainstream .

Taglioni recognised his daughter Marie 's quality of other worldliness in La Sylphide ; Perrot discovered Carlotta Grisi 's unique qualities as an actress-dancer in Giselle ; Fokine exposed Tamara Karsavina 's many-sided brilliance in such works as The Firebird , Le Carnaval and Petrushka ; Ashton fostered Margot Fonteyn 's varied personality .
taglioni recognised his daughter marie 's quality of other worldliness in la sylphide ; perrot discovered carlotta grisi 's unique qualities as an actress-dancer in giselle ; fokine [revealed] tamara karsavina 's many-sided brilliance in such works as the firebird , le carnaval and petrushka ; ashton fostered margot fonteyn 's varied personality .

It is when discussing the many ways in which pas de bourrée can be danced that the uses of the feet are widely exposed .
it is when discussing the many ways in which pas de bourrée can be danced that the uses of the feet are widely [revealed] .

It is when this mass of dancers divides and moves to the sides that the open space available for dancing is exposed fur the first time .
it is when this mass of dancers divides and moves to the sides that the open space available for dancing is [revealed] fur the first time .

‘ Over the past few months , state security organs and border guards exposed and suppressed several attempts by special agencies of Afghan armed opposition forces to recruit Soviet citizens , ’ he said .
‘ over the past few months , state security organs and border guards [revealed] and suppressed several attempts by special agencies of afghan armed opposition forces to recruit soviet citizens , ’ he said .

The conference exposed other rifts in the black community .
the conference [revealed] other rifts in the black community .

‘ Over the past few months , state security organs and border guards exposed and suppressed several attempts by special agencies of Afghan armed opposition forces to recruit Soviet citizens , ’ he said .
‘ over the past few months , state security organs and border guards [revealed] and suppressed several attempts by special agencies of afghan armed opposition forces to recruit soviet citizens , ’ he said .

The young woman lay across the floor of her spotless kitchen , her skull smashed with such force that the brain was exposed .
the young woman lay across the floor of her spotless kitchen , her skull smashed with such force that the brain was [revealed] .

Unshielded , an astronaut could be exposed to hundreds of rads during a solar flare .
unshielded , an astronaut could be [revealed] to hundreds of rads during a solar flare .

Support of this kind was to enable Leopold to take his two young children on long musical tours throughout their formative years , tours which exposed them to a variety of European cultures and styles and which were consequently to direct the course of Mozart 's development as a musician .
support of this kind was to enable leopold to take his two young children on long musical tours throughout their formative years , tours which [revealed] them to a variety of european cultures and styles and which were consequently to direct the course of mozart 's development as a musician .

Although much of the Dark Peak , as these Northerly uplands are called , is very exposed , it is also full of famous beauty spots .
although much of the dark peak , as these northerly uplands are called , is very [revealed] , it is also full of famous beauty spots .

The exposed and lonely road which runs along the ridge will always be associated with Tess and her hopeless journey to see Angel Clare 's parents at ‘ Emminster ’ .
the [revealed] and lonely road which runs along the ridge will always be associated with tess and her hopeless journey to see angel clare 's parents at ‘ emminster ’ .

Surveys of long-stay hospitals exposed such anomalies in the 1960s and 1970s , creating much public concern .
surveys of long-stay hospitals [revealed] such anomalies in the 1960s and 1970s , creating much public concern .

Living in such a house would nonetheless have exposed Leapor to a more leisured way of life than she had known before , though as a servant her enjoyments would have been circumscribed .
living in such a house would nonetheless have [revealed] leapor to a more leisured way of life than she had known before , though as a servant her enjoyments would have been circumscribed .

Rather , the husband 's motives are exposed .
rather , the husband 's motives are [revealed] .

She is keenly aware , however , of the deceptions to which a woman is exposed in courtship , and to the possibility that a husband may simply prove a tyrant .
she is keenly aware , however , of the deceptions to which a woman is [revealed] in courtship , and to the possibility that a husband may simply prove a tyrant .

Since the election of the Tory Government of 1979 , which allowed the pound to rise on the back of North Sea oil in the early eighties and left British industry defenceless in the face of foreign competition , or ( according to your point of view ) exposed its inefficiency ( Vic inclines to the first view , but in certain moods will admit the force of the second ) , one-third of all the engineering companies in the West Midlands have closed down .
since the election of the tory government of 1979 , which allowed the pound to rise on the back of north sea oil in the early eighties and left british industry defenceless in the face of foreign competition , or ( according to your point of view ) [revealed] its inefficiency ( vic inclines to the first view , but in certain moods will admit the force of the second ) , one-third of all the engineering companies in the west midlands have closed down .

But what part of the body is affected can depend on which radioactive element the person is exposed to , and also which ‘ isotope ’ — a specific atomic configuration of that element .
but what part of the body is affected can depend on which radioactive element the person is [revealed] to , and also which ‘ isotope ’ — a specific atomic configuration of that element .

The radioactivity to which they were exposed was so powerful that the dead men 's bodies were themselves a radiation hazard .
the radioactivity to which they were [revealed] was so powerful that the dead men 's bodies were themselves a radiation hazard .

The scientific basis for these reductions was the latest research findings on the health of the 90,000 people who had been exposed to the radiation from the 1945 Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombs and were still alive .
the scientific basis for these reductions was the latest research findings on the health of the 90,000 people who had been [revealed] to the radiation from the 1945 hiroshima and nagasaki atomic bombs and were still alive .

The outbreak of war exposed the reality .
the outbreak of war [revealed] the reality .

The Bolsheviks had suddenly become exposed to the full blast of inter-state competition .
the bolsheviks had suddenly become [revealed] to the full blast of inter-state competition .

Welcome relief on this exposed , often windy water .
welcome relief on this [revealed] , often windy water .

The horror of the Strathnaver clearances was eventually exposed by Donald Macleod , who as a young boy had been evicted by Seller from the village of Rossal .
the horror of the strathnaver clearances was eventually [revealed] by donald macleod , who as a young boy had been evicted by seller from the village of rossal .

At the beginning of the last century , when repairs were being carried out to embankment walls enclosing the loch , a Pictish canoe hewn from a single , solid piece of wood was dug from exposed silt .
at the beginning of the last century , when repairs were being carried out to embankment walls enclosing the loch , a pictish canoe hewn from a single , solid piece of wood was dug from [revealed] silt .

In doing so , he grazed his leg on an exposed tooth of his victim , and such a trivial scratch was ignored .
in doing so , he grazed his leg on an [revealed] tooth of his victim , and such a trivial scratch was ignored .

At low tide , sands are exposed and it is possible to walk out to the sea-pool .
at low tide , sands are [revealed] and it is possible to walk out to the sea-pool .

This is especially evident on the steep edge of Moughton Nab overlooking Helwith Bridge ; here , along an easy terrace , there are exposed to view limestone strata , horizontally fissured , resting on low cliffs of vertically fissured Silurian rock .
this is especially evident on the steep edge of moughton nab overlooking helwith bridge ; here , along an easy terrace , there are [revealed] to view limestone strata , horizontally fissured , resting on low cliffs of vertically fissured silurian rock .

Here was a shanty town of huts housing the hundreds of men engaged in the construction of the viaduct , living in discomfort with their wives and children , exposed to the elements and suffering a toll of casualties resulting from hardship and adverse conditions .
here was a shanty town of huts housing the hundreds of men engaged in the construction of the viaduct , living in discomfort with their wives and children , [revealed] to the elements and suffering a toll of casualties resulting from hardship and adverse conditions .

The great British bluff on freedom is nowhere more clearly exposed than in relation to freedom of assembly .
the great british bluff on freedom is nowhere more clearly [revealed] than in relation to freedom of assembly .

Suppose that a slate falls from our roof , leaving the attic exposed .
suppose that a slate falls from our roof , leaving the attic [revealed] .

One frame of the film is exposed every six seconds and if the film is then shown at 24 frames a second , the motion is speeded up 144 times and provides a dramatic picture of the cells ' behaviour .
one frame of the film is [revealed] every six seconds and if the film is then shown at 24 frames a second , the motion is speeded up 144 times and provides a dramatic picture of the cells ' behaviour .

If the top of the egg is exposed to a sufficient dose of ultraviolet irradiation the nucleus is inactivated and is functionally useless while the cytoplasm is unaffected .
if the top of the egg is [revealed] to a sufficient dose of ultraviolet irradiation the nucleus is inactivated and is functionally useless while the cytoplasm is unaffected .

In culture , the cells are not exposed to the factors that cells in the spleen or marrow might secrete or other factors circulating in the blood .
in culture , the cells are not [revealed] to the factors that cells in the spleen or marrow might secrete or other factors circulating in the blood .

The underlying tissues thus become exposed giving the skin the appearance of having the upper layers destroyed as in a burn .
the underlying tissues thus become [revealed] giving the skin the appearance of having the upper layers destroyed as in a burn .

Children playing in fen churchyards in the nineteenth century were able to reach down and touch the coffins exposed by the wasted peat .
children playing in fen churchyards in the nineteenth century were able to reach down and touch the coffins [revealed] by the wasted peat .

It is especially serious on land bearing winter cereals , since the resulting ploughland can be exposed to the elements from October to April .
it is especially serious on land bearing winter cereals , since the resulting ploughland can be [revealed] to the elements from october to april .

Some land at the south-west edge of the Fens has recently been downgraded from grade 1 to grade 3 because of its acidity and the presence of bog oaks which have been exposed by wastage .
some land at the south-west edge of the fens has recently been downgraded from grade 1 to grade 3 because of its acidity and the presence of bog oaks which have been [revealed] by wastage .

Instead of to teaching , a child at school had to be exposed to experiences ; for experiencing is learning .
instead of to teaching , a child at school had to be [revealed] to experiences ; for experiencing is learning .

Canes which support tall plants should have a cover over the exposed end , so that they are clearly visible and do not risk poking the patient in the eye when he bends over , or if he slips .
canes which support tall plants should have a cover over the [revealed] end , so that they are clearly visible and do not risk poking the patient in the eye when he bends over , or if he slips .

About twenty metres down from the top , Priestley realized that the tin they had left in the cairn in fact contained their exposed photographic plates , and that what they were carrying down with them was the tin containing the record of their ascent .
about twenty metres down from the top , priestley realized that the tin they had left in the cairn in fact contained their [revealed] photographic plates , and that what they were carrying down with them was the tin containing the record of their ascent .

The most convenient way to study flows of this sort is to look at old examples which have been brought up above sea level by earth movements of one kind or another , and which have been subsequently cut through by erosion and exposed in clean , dry cliff sections .
the most convenient way to study flows of this sort is to look at old examples which have been brought up above sea level by earth movements of one kind or another , and which have been subsequently cut through by erosion and [revealed] in clean , dry cliff sections .

Most garages escape this problem since usually they have no ceiling boards or insulation and the roof timbers are left exposed .
most garages escape this problem since usually they have no ceiling boards or insulation and the roof timbers are left [revealed] .

Athey , though having been exposed as a poor leader , could also , like Allan Lamb , be considered a good number two .
athey , though having been [revealed] as a poor leader , could also , like allan lamb , be considered a good number two .

Why has it taken so long for this in his technique to be exposed ?
why has it taken so long for this in his technique to be [revealed] ?

If you are concerned that you might have been exposed to sources of infection , especially if you have been unwell for some time , you can discuss your concerns with your family doctor or antenatal clinic .
if you are concerned that you might have been [revealed] to sources of infection , especially if you have been unwell for some time , you can discuss your concerns with your family doctor or antenatal clinic .

In therapy some of the sources of his rage were exposed , particularly the lack of love within the alternating violence and apathy of the parenting he had received .
in therapy some of the sources of his rage were [revealed] , particularly the lack of love within the alternating violence and apathy of the parenting he had received .

She talks to him , anxiously tilting her face upwards so it 's exposed and openly imploring , a look designed to tap compassion .
she talks to him , anxiously tilting her face upwards so it 's [revealed] and openly imploring , a look designed to tap compassion .

Stretching to her full height , she slapped the plaster on the sides and undersurface of the beams , and on the lengths of roof exposed between them .
stretching to her full height , she slapped the plaster on the sides and undersurface of the beams , and on the lengths of roof [revealed] between them .

In this context the fallacy of any straightforward equivalence between economic boom and social wellbeing is exposed .
in this context the fallacy of any straightforward equivalence between economic boom and social wellbeing is [revealed] .

To reach its summit anyone approaching from the Dalwhinnie direction would have to negotiate 17 sharp zig-zag bends , exposed on every stretch to small-arms or artillery fire .
to reach its summit anyone approaching from the dalwhinnie direction would have to negotiate 17 sharp zig-zag bends , [revealed] on every stretch to small-arms or artillery fire .

This latter force would then seize Gosport and bombard Portsmouth Harbour and town from their exposed , western , side .
this latter force would then seize gosport and bombard portsmouth harbour and town from their [revealed] , western , side .

Wellington boots are advisable , but they were not absolutely necessary even in this exposed situation , and we were each able to step onto the back of a float , walk forward along its non-slip top and climb the broad steps incorporated in their struts to enter the wide twin cabin doors .
wellington boots are advisable , but they were not absolutely necessary even in this [revealed] situation , and we were each able to step onto the back of a float , walk forward along its non-slip top and climb the broad steps incorporated in their struts to enter the wide twin cabin doors .

The cramped dock area began to expand eastwards across the newly exposed terrain .
the cramped dock area began to expand eastwards across the newly [revealed] terrain .

Failure at the polls had exposed Danzigers to the true state of the city 's finances .
failure at the polls had [revealed] danzigers to the true state of the city 's finances .

He watched , attention fixed on –he screen , as the men stripped each other and the blond pushed the bearded man face down on the floor , bound the exposed balls with a thin strip of leather and pulled .
he watched , attention fixed on –he screen , as the men stripped each other and the blond pushed the bearded man face down on the floor , bound the [revealed] balls with a thin strip of leather and pulled .

Wind has the effect of moving rabbits out of those burrows that are fully exposed .
wind has the effect of moving rabbits out of those burrows that are fully [revealed] .

All rabbits flushed from open land are fully exposed .
all rabbits flushed from open land are fully [revealed] .

Centred around Exmoor in northern Devon , where the climate is wet and humid , with cold , rough winters and an exposed environment , this was the dominant breed of Devon and Somerset for several centuries .
centred around exmoor in northern devon , where the climate is wet and humid , with cold , rough winters and an [revealed] environment , this was the dominant breed of devon and somerset for several centuries .

This is a very hardy mountain breed which thrives in rough climates and on poor soils ; its native region is at 750–2,150m above sea level , exposed to the western winds .
this is a very hardy mountain breed which thrives in rough climates and on poor soils ; its native region is at 750–2,150m above sea level , [revealed] to the western winds .

Exposed to elderly people who are in a state of acute or chronic physical illness , mental incapacity and increasing dependence , it is not surprising that nurses believe all elderly people experience the same decline .
[revealed] to elderly people who are in a state of acute or chronic physical illness , mental incapacity and increasing dependence , it is not surprising that nurses believe all elderly people experience the same decline .

However , regardless of views about the benefits of legislation ( and this remains , as we shall see , a matter of some controversy ) , the evidence in the 1980s was that simply leaving action to employers had left older workers in an exposed and vulnerable situation .
however , regardless of views about the benefits of legislation ( and this remains , as we shall see , a matter of some controversy ) , the evidence in the 1980s was that simply leaving action to employers had left older workers in an [revealed] and vulnerable situation .

But the nature of the Middle East crisis of 1956 , and the interplay of diplomacy , war and personality exposed Eden 's temperament in all its frailty .
but the nature of the middle east crisis of 1956 , and the interplay of diplomacy , war and personality [revealed] eden 's temperament in all its frailty .

The forwards kept up persistent pressure , crowding the opposing goalmouth , while wing-halves Jones and John abandoned their defensive positions to join in the attack , leaving the rear exposed .
the forwards kept up persistent pressure , crowding the opposing goalmouth , while wing-halves jones and john abandoned their defensive positions to join in the attack , leaving the rear [revealed] .

Advisers are here exposed to an example of social policy work where several potential clients may be assisted at the same time to help themselves .
advisers are here [revealed] to an example of social policy work where several potential clients may be assisted at the same time to help themselves .

The exposed nature of the line , which was subject to flooding by high tides , resulted in the centre slot being blocked with sand .
the [revealed] nature of the line , which was subject to flooding by high tides , resulted in the centre slot being blocked with sand .

At the end of the nineteenth century , dredging for gravel began in the bay when extensions to Devonport 's naval dockyard were planned , and the sinking of the protective shingle beach left Hallsands exposed to the winter storms , which in 1917 were so severe that after two days only one house was left standing .
at the end of the nineteenth century , dredging for gravel began in the bay when extensions to devonport 's naval dockyard were planned , and the sinking of the protective shingle beach left hallsands [revealed] to the winter storms , which in 1917 were so severe that after two days only one house was left standing .

Within half a century , 12 feet of the post was exposed , and in 1957 a new post was sunk to reveal the continuing story of the sinking surface level , which is now about 14 feet lower than it was in 1848 .
within half a century , 12 feet of the post was [revealed] , and in 1957 a new post was sunk to reveal the continuing story of the sinking surface level , which is now about 14 feet lower than it was in 1848 .

In the old method , barley grain was swollen by soaking in water for two or three days , then spread out on floors and exposed to air at a constant temperature to induce germination , which usually took two to three weeks .
in the old method , barley grain was swollen by soaking in water for two or three days , then spread out on floors and [revealed] to air at a constant temperature to induce germination , which usually took two to three weeks .

The legal requirements are not normally too onerous , but an employer who fails to comply with them will be exposed to a claim for a ‘ protective award ’ .
the legal requirements are not normally too onerous , but an employer who fails to comply with them will be [revealed] to a claim for a ‘ protective award ’ .

The epithelial cells are exposed to α-particles and this can cause lung cancer .
the epithelial cells are [revealed] to α-particles and this can cause lung cancer .

People exposed to radiation at work .
people [revealed] to radiation at work .

Others were exposed as impersonators — neptunium turned out to be niobium , for example , while davyum was probably rhenium .
others were [revealed] as impersonators — neptunium turned out to be niobium , for example , while davyum was probably rhenium .

It was only after some months that endothelial denudation was observed with platelet mural thrombus attached to exposed lipid-containing macrophages .
it was only after some months that endothelial denudation was observed with platelet mural thrombus attached to [revealed] lipid-containing macrophages .

If the relatively steep dips of some of the exposed reverse faults were to continue deep into the crust , the region to the south could legitimately be regarded as unprospective .
if the relatively steep dips of some of the [revealed] reverse faults were to continue deep into the crust , the region to the south could legitimately be regarded as unprospective .

The relationships between the Variscides of Europe and the Appalachians of North America — and indeed between parts of the Appalachian province itself — are still a subject for controversy at a detailed level ( see Dewey 1982 ; Rast 1984 ; also several papers in Hutton and Sanderson 1984 ) , but it seems that useful , if cautious , parallels can be drawn between the partly concealed Variscides of Europe ( including southern England ) and the well exposed and much studied southern Appalachians ( Fig .
the relationships between the variscides of europe and the appalachians of north america — and indeed between parts of the appalachian province itself — are still a subject for controversy at a detailed level ( see dewey 1982 ; rast 1984 ; also several papers in hutton and sanderson 1984 ) , but it seems that useful , if cautious , parallels can be drawn between the partly concealed variscides of europe ( including southern england ) and the well [revealed] and much studied southern appalachians ( fig .

The difficulty of choosing a unique line for the Front is again illustrated in this area , where two obliquely-striking reverse faults ( the Avon Thrust and Ridgeway Thrust ) are exposed further north in the area of partial Mesozoic cover and complex geology ( Kellaway and Hancock 1983 ) .
the difficulty of choosing a unique line for the front is again illustrated in this area , where two obliquely-striking reverse faults ( the avon thrust and ridgeway thrust ) are [revealed] further north in the area of partial mesozoic cover and complex geology ( kellaway and hancock 1983 ) .

In some areas of the Southern North Sea Basin it is evident that post-inversion subsidence ( essentially Tertiary to Recent ) has been of sufficient magnitude to subject previously matured Carboniferous sediments to the depth/temperature regime to which they were originally exposed .
in some areas of the southern north sea basin it is evident that post-inversion subsidence ( essentially tertiary to recent ) has been of sufficient magnitude to subject previously matured carboniferous sediments to the depth/temperature regime to which they were originally [revealed] .

It is thought that previously matured vitrinite would begin to undergo maturation again once it reached the maximum temperature to which it had been originally exposed .
it is thought that previously matured vitrinite would begin to undergo maturation again once it reached the maximum temperature to which it had been originally [revealed] .

This took place mainly in sediments of the marginal platforms which became subaerially exposed during low stands in sea-level .
this took place mainly in sediments of the marginal platforms which became subaerially [revealed] during low stands in sea-level .

Over most of the Zechstein basin , burial has continued until the present day but at some localities the carbonates have been uplifted , exposed and even eroded .
over most of the zechstein basin , burial has continued until the present day but at some localities the carbonates have been uplifted , [revealed] and even eroded .

As the water percolated through the rocks , the leaching process became less effective and the porosity that was created decreased progressively away from the exposed surfaces .
as the water percolated through the rocks , the leaching process became less effective and the porosity that was created decreased progressively away from the [revealed] surfaces .

These became exposed in the Triassic and again in the Cretaceous and consequently the interbedded evaporites were removed and the carbonates themselves were karstified .
these became [revealed] in the triassic and again in the cretaceous and consequently the interbedded evaporites were removed and the carbonates themselves were karstified .

He knew her , and would have exposed your deception .
he knew her , and would have [revealed] your deception .

Whole or partially eaten carcases are usually quickly disposed of by scavengers if left exposed .
whole or partially eaten carcases are usually quickly disposed of by scavengers if left [revealed] .

The jaws were unrecognizable by this stage , and all the teeth were exposed as isolated teeth .
the jaws were unrecognizable by this stage , and all the teeth were [revealed] as isolated teeth .

Bone and pellets preserved at an owl 's nest site are often exposed to trampling by the owls themselves .
bone and pellets preserved at an owl 's nest site are often [revealed] to trampling by the owls themselves .

These were partly protected by the nest structure ( from an old jackdaws nest ) and partly exposed to trampling on the floor of the cave .
these were partly protected by the nest structure ( from an old jackdaws nest ) and partly [revealed] to trampling on the floor of the cave .

The manner of death of small mammals , and the immediate post-mortem circumstances of their remains , will determine to a large extent whether they are left in exposed or protected conditions .
the manner of death of small mammals , and the immediate post-mortem circumstances of their remains , will determine to a large extent whether they are left in [revealed] or protected conditions .

Table 1 ) were exposed to weathering early in 1979 .
table 1 ) were [revealed] to weathering early in 1979 .

The bones remaining within the intact pellets were found to be protected from weathering and after two years the pellets were taken apart by hand and the bones from them exposed again .
the bones remaining within the intact pellets were found to be protected from weathering and after two years the pellets were taken apart by hand and the bones from them [revealed] again .

After the additional 18 months exposure of the isolated bones , the skulls and mandibles were still intact , but where any sutures were exposed to the weather they had started to open out .
after the additional 18 months exposure of the isolated bones , the skulls and mandibles were still intact , but where any sutures were [revealed] to the weather they had started to open out .

Table 1.3 Weathering stages in small mammal bone compared with large mammal bone ( from Behrensmeyer 1978 ) . Small mammal bone exposed in wet temperate climate , large mammal bone in tropical climate
table 1.3 weathering stages in small mammal bone compared with large mammal bone ( from behrensmeyer 1978 ) . small mammal bone [revealed] in wet temperate climate , large mammal bone in tropical climate

Weathered bone : exposed for 18 months .
weathered bone : [revealed] for 18 months .

1.5 ( overleaf ) Weathered bone : exposed for 29 months .
1.5 ( overleaf ) weathered bone : [revealed] for 29 months .

The bones are still exposed at the time of writing this ( November , 1988 ) and they should provide additional data as time progresses .
the bones are still [revealed] at the time of writing this ( november , 1988 ) and they should provide additional data as time progresses .

1.6 ( p. 15 ) Weathered bone : exposed for 36 months .
1.6 ( p. 15 ) weathered bone : [revealed] for 36 months .

1.7 Weathered bone : exposed for 55 months .
1.7 weathered bone : [revealed] for 55 months .

With the 8 mm clast sizes , exposed edges of bone began to become chipped within the first hour of abrasion and some loss of molars occurred ( Fig .
with the 8 mm clast sizes , [revealed] edges of bone began to become chipped within the first hour of abrasion and some loss of molars occurred ( fig .

Fossil carnivore scat from East Turkana Kenya with bone exposed at the surface by acid etching ( Jacobs 1985 ) .
fossil carnivore scat from east turkana kenya with bone [revealed] at the surface by acid etching ( jacobs 1985 ) .

Both the previous meal , which was regurgitated prematurely , and the next , which starts with the advantage of high pH , would therefore be less exposed to the effects of stomach acids and the bone accordingly less strongly modified .
both the previous meal , which was regurgitated prematurely , and the next , which starts with the advantage of high ph , would therefore be less [revealed] to the effects of stomach acids and the bone accordingly less strongly modified .

Breakage is nearly always associated with digestion in these assemblages , and it would appear that breakage occurs soon after ingestion , with lines of weakness thus exposed being attacked by digestive fluids .
breakage is nearly always associated with digestion in these assemblages , and it would appear that breakage occurs soon after ingestion , with lines of weakness thus [revealed] being attacked by digestive fluids .

The molars of microtine prey from these species have strongly rounded corners and deeply penetrated salient angles , with the enamel entirely removed from these projecting angles and the dentine exposed .
the molars of microtine prey from these species have strongly rounded corners and deeply penetrated salient angles , with the enamel entirely removed from these projecting angles and the dentine [revealed] .

So it is important to remember that schools are not factories — however frequently we are told that they have to ‘ deliver ’ the curriculum , and however deliberately we are exposed to the pressures of competition and market forces .
so it is important to remember that schools are not factories — however frequently we are told that they have to ‘ deliver ’ the curriculum , and however deliberately we are [revealed] to the pressures of competition and market forces .

More prosaically , the army farrier was less in demand in England than on the oft-warring Continent , and our island country was only sporadically , even if at times seriously , exposed to the ravages of epidemic disease in its animal stocks .
more prosaically , the army farrier was less in demand in england than on the oft-warring continent , and our island country was only sporadically , even if at times seriously , [revealed] to the ravages of epidemic disease in its animal stocks .

‘ It will now be necessary to observe that animals are more frequently attacked by epizootic , endemic and contagious diseases than the human species because we are protected from these casualties by our Houses , Clothing and manner of Living , in short by all the precautions that reason dictates , whilst animals are deprived of all these recourses and are constantly exposed to dangers which we avoid by the above-mentioned precautions , besides their food and drink is constantly the same , which often is the cause of a fermentation in their blood which generally terminates in stubborn and fatal diseases .
‘ it will now be necessary to observe that animals are more frequently attacked by epizootic , endemic and contagious diseases than the human species because we are protected from these casualties by our houses , clothing and manner of living , in short by all the precautions that reason dictates , whilst animals are deprived of all these recourses and are constantly [revealed] to dangers which we avoid by the above-mentioned precautions , besides their food and drink is constantly the same , which often is the cause of a fermentation in their blood which generally terminates in stubborn and fatal diseases .

There is no doubt that odours do pose a problem for environmental health but to what extent they affect the health of an individual exposed to an odour is difficult to say with any precision .
there is no doubt that odours do pose a problem for environmental health but to what extent they affect the health of an individual [revealed] to an odour is difficult to say with any precision .

It is generally accepted that odours per se do not cause a risk of infection and it is doubtful whether nausea , sleeplessness , mental strain or depression , commonly suffered by people exposed to odours , would be regarded as evidence of prejudice to health , as they affect a person 's general well-being , rather than threaten a clinical disease .
it is generally accepted that odours per se do not cause a risk of infection and it is doubtful whether nausea , sleeplessness , mental strain or depression , commonly suffered by people [revealed] to odours , would be regarded as evidence of prejudice to health , as they affect a person 's general well-being , rather than threaten a clinical disease .

take risks and make ‘ exposed ’ decisions which go outside existing or accepted constraints
take risks and make ‘ [revealed] ’ decisions which go outside existing or accepted constraints

Most of the ‘ myths ’ exposed in this section are excuses of one sort or another not to take responsibility for your own behaviour .
most of the ‘ myths ’ [revealed] in this section are excuses of one sort or another not to take responsibility for your own behaviour .

The aim of one-stop shopping is lost and is not fulfilled where the parties are exposed to double jeopardy , that is , where a merger may be investigated both by the Commission under Community law and by national authorities under domestic law .
the aim of one-stop shopping is lost and is not fulfilled where the parties are [revealed] to double jeopardy , that is , where a merger may be investigated both by the commission under community law and by national authorities under domestic law .

In its Philip Morris decision in November 1987 , the Court held that all agreements for a merger where a cartel situation already existed , or might be created by the merger , were exposed to Article 85 .
in its philip morris decision in november 1987 , the court held that all agreements for a merger where a cartel situation already existed , or might be created by the merger , were [revealed] to article 85 .

When the manacle was unlocked a weeping ulcer was exposed , and he was sickened , not by the sight of it , but because he had failed her in not acting sooner .
when the manacle was unlocked a weeping ulcer was [revealed] , and he was sickened , not by the sight of it , but because he had failed her in not acting sooner .

He was making sure they were not exposed to any form of light source , however muted .
he was making sure they were not [revealed] to any form of light source , however muted .

The first man walking down would be totally exposed — helpless .
the first man walking down would be totally [revealed] — helpless .

The figure landed like a cat , whirling , the knife hinging at Delaney 's exposed belly .
the figure landed like a cat , whirling , the knife hinging at delaney 's [revealed] belly .

Beyond the opposite rim of the ditch lay the stretch of rutted wasteland that lay exposed and empty between Famagusta and the bivouacs of his army .
beyond the opposite rim of the ditch lay the stretch of rutted wasteland that lay [revealed] and empty between famagusta and the bivouacs of his army .

Children 's sex organs are never to be exposed .
children 's sex organs are never to be [revealed] .

In those who have been exposed to infection the entire penis is scrubbed with liquid soap and water for several minutes , and then washed with mercuric perchloride lotion 1:2000 .
in those who have been [revealed] to infection the entire penis is scrubbed with liquid soap and water for several minutes , and then washed with mercuric perchloride lotion 1:2000 .

That body up there is a female body , not a sexless abstract sculpture ; if another woman is being stripped , exposed , graded and sold as an object , then she herself is too .
that body up there is a female body , not a sexless abstract sculpture ; if another woman is being stripped , [revealed] , graded and sold as an object , then she herself is too .

Hominoid collarbone exposed as dolphin 's rib
hominoid collarbone [revealed] as dolphin 's rib

When dead plant matter is exposed to oxygen in air or water it can be completely decomposed by micro organisms .
when dead plant matter is [revealed] to oxygen in air or water it can be completely decomposed by micro organisms .

The appropriate comparison should have been made by following through a cohort who would have been exposed by the accident .
the appropriate comparison should have been made by following through a cohort who would have been [revealed] by the accident .

Tumour ‘ promoters ’ are substances such as the phorbolesters that are n't carcinogenic by themselves but encourage the growth of malignant tumours in cells that have previously been exposed to a low dose of a true carcinogen ( known as an initiator ) .
tumour ‘ promoters ’ are substances such as the phorbolesters that are n't carcinogenic by themselves but encourage the growth of malignant tumours in cells that have previously been [revealed] to a low dose of a true carcinogen ( known as an initiator ) .

Although some 10 million American workers are regularly exposed to dangerous chemicals or radiation , very little is known about links between induced genetic damage and subsequent disease .
although some 10 million american workers are regularly [revealed] to dangerous chemicals or radiation , very little is known about links between induced genetic damage and subsequent disease .

By selectively applying pesticides to , say , the outer part of a crop canopy , much lower dosages will control exposed pests , such as aphids on cereals .
by selectively applying pesticides to , say , the outer part of a crop canopy , much lower dosages will control [revealed] pests , such as aphids on cereals .

The Environmental Protection Agency estimates that stable workers could have been exposed to as much as 190 times the acceptable daily intake .
the environmental protection agency estimates that stable workers could have been [revealed] to as much as 190 times the acceptable daily intake .

Just a few days before the launch the original pilot , Ken Mattingy , had been exposed to German measles and was found to have no immunity , He was replaced by his backup , Jack Swigert , who managed just two days prime-crew training before leaving for the Moon !
just a few days before the launch the original pilot , ken mattingy , had been [revealed] to german measles and was found to have no immunity , he was replaced by his backup , jack swigert , who managed just two days prime-crew training before leaving for the moon !

But another storm has blown up because cartographers at the French meteorological office inexplicably moved the Gambiers islands from their exposed position , just south-east of Mururoa and in the path of cyclone Reva .
but another storm has blown up because cartographers at the french meteorological office inexplicably moved the gambiers islands from their [revealed] position , just south-east of mururoa and in the path of cyclone reva .

Each application delivers 3 to 5 ml of gel and the patient is exposed to as much as 60 milligrams of fluoride for four to five minutes .
each application delivers 3 to 5 ml of gel and the patient is [revealed] to as much as 60 milligrams of fluoride for four to five minutes .

Radar transmitters blast out up to 100 kW , with the result that many areas of the deck are exposed to field intensities greater than 30 W/m .
radar transmitters blast out up to 100 kw , with the result that many areas of the deck are [revealed] to field intensities greater than 30 w/m .

Electronic gear would be exposed to radio waves at frequencies between 27 and 500 MHz , depending on where it is to be installed .
electronic gear would be [revealed] to radio waves at frequencies between 27 and 500 mhz , depending on where it is to be installed .

‘ The most exposed group , ’ says the report ‘ were young children drinking milk produced in the northern counties .
‘ the most [revealed] group , ’ says the report ‘ were young children drinking milk produced in the northern counties .

Because the Troodos ophiolite has been uplifted and eroded , a slice through successive layers of oceanic crust has been exposed , high and dry on the main hillsides of Cyprus .
because the troodos ophiolite has been uplifted and eroded , a slice through successive layers of oceanic crust has been [revealed] , high and dry on the main hillsides of cyprus .

He described how they went outside , and saw the flattened port , and hundreds of bodies lying right around them , their exposed skin scalded , and he remembered the obscene and chilling stillness of it all .
he described how they went outside , and saw the flattened port , and hundreds of bodies lying right around them , their [revealed] skin scalded , and he remembered the obscene and chilling stillness of it all .

This can be done , for example , by locating on a century-old photograph of a receding glacier , a then newly exposed rock surface .
this can be done , for example , by locating on a century-old photograph of a receding glacier , a then newly [revealed] rock surface .

So small volumes of lung tissue are exposed to high doses of alpha radiation .
so small volumes of lung tissue are [revealed] to high doses of alpha radiation .

Planrainwater'sts died when exposed to 2 ppm or more for 14 days .
planrainwater'sts died when [revealed] to 2 ppm or more for 14 days .

The organisms out there are exposed to maybe hundreds of toxic chemicals .
the organisms out there are [revealed] to maybe hundreds of toxic chemicals .

The work really began when Kaufman noticed that if mouse eggs were exposed briefly to a 7 per cent solution of alcohol a significant proportion ( up to 20 per cent ) of the embryos which developed were aneuploid ( Journal of Embryology and Experimental Morphology , vol 7 1 , p 139 ) .
the work really began when kaufman noticed that if mouse eggs were [revealed] briefly to a 7 per cent solution of alcohol a significant proportion ( up to 20 per cent ) of the embryos which developed were aneuploid ( journal of embryology and experimental morphology , vol 7 1 , p 139 ) .

He gave pregnant mice a dilute solution of alcohol by mouth , and again , fertilised eggs exposed to alcohol while in the process of completing the second meiotic division show an incidence of aneuploidy , varying with dose , of up to 20 per cent ( Nature , vol 302 , p 258 ) .
he gave pregnant mice a dilute solution of alcohol by mouth , and again , fertilised eggs [revealed] to alcohol while in the process of completing the second meiotic division show an incidence of aneuploidy , varying with dose , of up to 20 per cent ( nature , vol 302 , p 258 ) .

It transpired rather late in the planning of Overlord that what had been thought to be beaches of hard sand actually had bands of exposed clay .
it transpired rather late in the planning of overlord that what had been thought to be beaches of hard sand actually had bands of [revealed] clay .

imagine a Cexspex lens exposed to a bright directional beam of light .
imagine a cexspex lens [revealed] to a bright directional beam of light .

For instance , in a high-strength steel section in an engine , only those parts exposed to the greatest stresses would require sophisticated alloys containing a metal such as tantalum or vanadium , with the remaining components made of something less exotic .
for instance , in a high-strength steel section in an engine , only those parts [revealed] to the greatest stresses would require sophisticated alloys containing a metal such as tantalum or vanadium , with the remaining components made of something less exotic .

Of course the actions of carcinogens on methylase activity in a test-tube may not reflect what happens in tissues exposed to those chemicals .
of course the actions of carcinogens on methylase activity in a test-tube may not reflect what happens in tissues [revealed] to those chemicals .

When one takes monkeys evolved for tree-top living and puts them in gravel-floored cages on the ground where they are constantly exposed to faeces , when one mixes three species of macaque in one cage , as was done at the New England centre , the stress factors multiply .
when one takes monkeys evolved for tree-top living and puts them in gravel-floored cages on the ground where they are constantly [revealed] to faeces , when one mixes three species of macaque in one cage , as was done at the new england centre , the stress factors multiply .

Taken together , these facts suggest that a genetically susceptible individual must be exposed to some environmental factor in order to succumb to the disease .
taken together , these facts suggest that a genetically susceptible individual must be [revealed] to some environmental factor in order to succumb to the disease .

The actual hardware , the turbine blades , covers only 2.3 per cent of the area exposed to the wind .
the actual hardware , the turbine blades , covers only 2.3 per cent of the area [revealed] to the wind .

People in northern climes , on the other hand , are unlikely to have been exposed to leprosy in every-day life and a positive result in the test is bound to be due to vaccination .
people in northern climes , on the other hand , are unlikely to have been [revealed] to leprosy in every-day life and a positive result in the test is bound to be due to vaccination .

Others , however , point to the rising cost of metals and the possibly harmful effects of the mercury vapours to which dentists and technicians may be exposed ( silver is shaken with mercury just before use to make it malleable ) .
others , however , point to the rising cost of metals and the possibly harmful effects of the mercury vapours to which dentists and technicians may be [revealed] ( silver is shaken with mercury just before use to make it malleable ) .

The woman had rubbed herself vigorously with the leaves , and presumably the man had been exposed to some of the plant 's irritant oil remaining on her body after washing .
the woman had rubbed herself vigorously with the leaves , and presumably the man had been [revealed] to some of the plant 's irritant oil remaining on her body after washing .

Whole tribes of proud and even magnificent people have at times sat down and died for no other reason than that their ancient culture has been exposed , even briefly , to one that seems to belong to a superior order .
whole tribes of proud and even magnificent people have at times sat down and died for no other reason than that their ancient culture has been [revealed] , even briefly , to one that seems to belong to a superior order .

Even now the World Health Organisation estimates that 107 countries are affected and that about half the world 's population is exposed to the risk of infection .
even now the world health organisation estimates that 107 countries are affected and that about half the world 's population is [revealed] to the risk of infection .

The roofs are flat , fully exposed to the rain , made by packing mud on wooden reeds resting on wooden beams .
the roofs are flat , fully [revealed] to the rain , made by packing mud on wooden reeds resting on wooden beams .

Before that , tin extraction followed either from metal ‘ streaming ’ — collecting tin deposits from rivers , the flow of the water doing a reasonable job in separating the heavy tin particles from the soil — or from shovelling up the ore from lodes exposed to the surface .
before that , tin extraction followed either from metal ‘ streaming ’ — collecting tin deposits from rivers , the flow of the water doing a reasonable job in separating the heavy tin particles from the soil — or from shovelling up the ore from lodes [revealed] to the surface .

Randi describes their methods in detail , except where some professional magicians ' secret would otherwise be exposed .
randi describes their methods in detail , except where some professional magicians ' secret would otherwise be [revealed] .

And taking lead out of petrol would immediately mean that workers in oil refineries would no longer be exposed to the substance .
and taking lead out of petrol would immediately mean that workers in oil refineries would no longer be [revealed] to the substance .

If the mites are exposed to short days after this prandial insult , they do n't show a diapause .
if the mites are [revealed] to short days after this prandial insult , they do n't show a diapause .

When the resist-coated silicon is exposed to light and developed , it imprints the pattern in one of two ways .
when the resist-coated silicon is [revealed] to light and developed , it imprints the pattern in one of two ways .

One technique on the way involves ion beams etching the exposed resist .
one technique on the way involves ion beams etching the [revealed] resist .

Certain snakes and lizards are highly efficient at wriggling themselves down into the sand or gravel in such a way that only the tops of their heads and their eyes remain exposed to view .
certain snakes and lizards are highly efficient at wriggling themselves down into the sand or gravel in such a way that only the tops of their heads and their eyes remain [revealed] to view .

The animal wriggles its body beneath the surface until only the top of the head is exposed .
the animal wriggles its body beneath the surface until only the top of the head is [revealed] .

In its case , however , the eye-spots are on the front wings and are exposed by suddenly spreading the folded wings and directing them at the attacker .
in its case , however , the eye-spots are on the front wings and are [revealed] by suddenly spreading the folded wings and directing them at the attacker .

This change may reflect a disillusionment with the cost-benefit approach and the realisation that while this attitude might be helpful in manufacturing industry it certainly did not work in the service industry to which most of the Highlands were exposed .
this change may reflect a disillusionment with the cost-benefit approach and the realisation that while this attitude might be helpful in manufacturing industry it certainly did not work in the service industry to which most of the highlands were [revealed] .

The blasting showed that they had reached the end of the coal seam and had exposed clay and gravel .
the blasting showed that they had reached the end of the coal seam and had [revealed] clay and gravel .

Unknown to them , they had exposed the clay lining the bottom of the basin of liquid peat .
unknown to them , they had [revealed] the clay lining the bottom of the basin of liquid peat .

When the gravel was exposed , a stream of clean water flowed from it and continued to do so for the next 7 days .
when the gravel was [revealed] , a stream of clean water flowed from it and continued to do so for the next 7 days .

Thursday , 7th September , was a day of very heavy rain in the New Cumnock district and in the colliery it was noted that the flow of water from the exposed gravel had increased threefold .
thursday , 7th september , was a day of very heavy rain in the new cumnock district and in the colliery it was noted that the flow of water from the [revealed] gravel had increased threefold .

Peat and water were still flowing into the underground roadways from the subsidence and attempts to block the exposed entrance to the workings were having no success .
peat and water were still flowing into the underground roadways from the subsidence and attempts to block the [revealed] entrance to the workings were having no success .

The sides of the crater were made as secure as possible and the hole leading from it to the underground workings was fully exposed and kept clear .
the sides of the crater were made as secure as possible and the hole leading from it to the underground workings was fully [revealed] and kept clear .

By 1673 , he thought that too many of his supporters were being exposed to danger by his presence so he went off to Ireland for a cooling-down period .
by 1673 , he thought that too many of his supporters were being [revealed] to danger by his presence so he went off to ireland for a cooling-down period .

He was fair , snub-nosed and freckled ; she was dark , her hair lank and straight and despite being exposed to all weathers her skin was pale .
he was fair , snub-nosed and freckled ; she was dark , her hair lank and straight and despite being [revealed] to all weathers her skin was pale .

The ride itself was very open and exposed and after being so long in the close embrace of the trees Marian found it difficult to step out into the clear daylight .
the ride itself was very open and [revealed] and after being so long in the close embrace of the trees marian found it difficult to step out into the clear daylight .

The distance was short but dawn must not find them exposed without cover .
the distance was short but dawn must not find them [revealed] without cover .

But people in a novel can be understood completely by the reader , if the novelist wishes ; their inner as well as their outer life can be exposed ’ .
but people in a novel can be understood completely by the reader , if the novelist wishes ; their inner as well as their outer life can be [revealed] ’ .

Thus , at the formal level of the debate , on method , Bukharin roundly trounced Preobrazhensky and exposed his opponent 's confused methodological analysis .
thus , at the formal level of the debate , on method , bukharin roundly trounced preobrazhensky and [revealed] his opponent 's confused methodological analysis .

In the above passage Bukharin exposed the confusion within Preobrazhensky 's conception of ‘ primitive socialist accumulation ’ .
in the above passage bukharin [revealed] the confusion within preobrazhensky 's conception of ‘ primitive socialist accumulation ’ .

The peeling away of Upper House 's grubby skin has exposed dozens of small but fine details which have formed the basis for the workshop 's designs .
the peeling away of upper house 's grubby skin has [revealed] dozens of small but fine details which have formed the basis for the workshop 's designs .

Darren Mason of Bordon braved the biting winds on the exposed Maddle Farm circuit at Upper Lambourn to achieve overall inter 100cc victory in the Berkshire Club motocross there on Sunday .
darren mason of bordon braved the biting winds on the [revealed] maddle farm circuit at upper lambourn to achieve overall inter 100cc victory in the berkshire club motocross there on sunday .

The guinea pigs were sensitized to an antigen by having it injected into them , and they were simultaneously exposed to a strong odour .
the guinea pigs were sensitized to an antigen by having it injected into them , and they were simultaneously [revealed] to a strong odour .

She was then exposed to various synthetic chemicals in turn , and reacted badly to diesel fumes , cigarette smoke , natural gas , chlorine and alcohol .
she was then [revealed] to various synthetic chemicals in turn , and reacted badly to diesel fumes , cigarette smoke , natural gas , chlorine and alcohol .

Other food colourings , particularly the synthetic ones , have been known to cause allergic dermatitis , mainly in food workers exposed to large amounts .
other food colourings , particularly the synthetic ones , have been known to cause allergic dermatitis , mainly in food workers [revealed] to large amounts .

In the case of organic solvents , for example , the prime symptoms seen in workers exposed to regular ‘ low ’ doses are mental ones .
in the case of organic solvents , for example , the prime symptoms seen in workers [revealed] to regular ‘ low ’ doses are mental ones .

These are very much the sort of symptoms seen in many chemical-sensitive patients when they are exposed to organic solvents .
these are very much the sort of symptoms seen in many chemical-sensitive patients when they are [revealed] to organic solvents .

It is known from occupational medicine , that exposure to two chemicals at once can be far more damaging than being exposed to each chemical individually .
it is known from occupational medicine , that exposure to two chemicals at once can be far more damaging than being [revealed] to each chemical individually .

Sceptics will argue that the chemicals we are exposed to have all been tested for safety , and should have no ill-effects at the concentrations we encounter .
sceptics will argue that the chemicals we are [revealed] to have all been tested for safety , and should have no ill-effects at the concentrations we encounter .

Whether this actually demonstrates anything is debatable — we all have antibodies to Candida because we are exposed to it from birth , and a positive response to an intradermal test is seen in some healthy individuals .
whether this actually demonstrates anything is debatable — we all have antibodies to candida because we are [revealed] to it from birth , and a positive response to an intradermal test is seen in some healthy individuals .

One possibility is that the colic represents an initial ‘ crisis ’ reaction as the child is exposed to large amounts of cow's-milk or other foreign proteins .
one possibility is that the colic represents an initial ‘ crisis ’ reaction as the child is [revealed] to large amounts of cow's-milk or other foreign proteins .

Over the past few decades , considerable research effort and capital has been directed towards developing materials that do not cause thrombus formation when exposed to blood .
over the past few decades , considerable research effort and capital has been directed towards developing materials that do not cause thrombus formation when [revealed] to blood .

The choline-containing phospholipids make up the major fraction of the lipid exposed at the cell surface , while the negatively charged phospholipids are confined to the cytoplasmic surface of the bilayer .
the choline-containing phospholipids make up the major fraction of the lipid [revealed] at the cell surface , while the negatively charged phospholipids are confined to the cytoplasmic surface of the bilayer .

The Health and Safety at Work ( Northern Ireland ) Order 1978 requires the University to ensure , as far as is reasonably practicable , that students are not exposed to risks to their health or safety .
the health and safety at work ( northern ireland ) order 1978 requires the university to ensure , as far as is reasonably practicable , that students are not [revealed] to risks to their health or safety .

When the paper was removed it lifted up the wax-ground where the pencil had been and exposed the metal .
when the paper was removed it lifted up the wax-ground where the pencil had been and [revealed] the metal .

The exposed areas of the plate could then be etched in a weak acid solution , care being taken not to bite through the wax-ground .
the [revealed] areas of the plate could then be etched in a weak acid solution , care being taken not to bite through the wax-ground .

Thus the experimental group may be exposed to a new type of physics course , whereas the control group follows the traditional course ; in every other respect the two groups are exactly comparable .
thus the experimental group may be [revealed] to a new type of physics course , whereas the control group follows the traditional course ; in every other respect the two groups are exactly comparable .

The total number of schools associated with the various projects is small , and , while even these may not continue to incorporate the new ideas in their user education , they have been sufficiently exposed to new approaches to schools user education to suggest that for them at least and probably for many other schools traditional school library instruction will not be quite the same again .
the total number of schools associated with the various projects is small , and , while even these may not continue to incorporate the new ideas in their user education , they have been sufficiently [revealed] to new approaches to schools user education to suggest that for them at least and probably for many other schools traditional school library instruction will not be quite the same again .

This , supposedly , is when students are most committed to independent study and this is when students ' weaknesses in study skills techniques are most readily exposed .
this , supposedly , is when students are most committed to independent study and this is when students ' weaknesses in study skills techniques are most readily [revealed] .

In addition , the fact that women are less mobile than men and more confined to the home means that they are less likely to be exposed to situations which lack effective informal social controls .
in addition , the fact that women are less mobile than men and more confined to the home means that they are less likely to be [revealed] to situations which lack effective informal social controls .

Rape victims , for example , may fear the consequences of reporting the act , and may not wish to be cross-examined by the police or in court and be exposed to possible innuendoes and suggestions that they ‘ encouraged ’ their assailant .
rape victims , for example , may fear the consequences of reporting the act , and may not wish to be cross-examined by the police or in court and be [revealed] to possible innuendoes and suggestions that they ‘ encouraged ’ their assailant .

However , he was much more explicit in his references to the nature of ‘ adolescence ’ , referring to it as the age of ‘ terrible peril ’ which had to be responded to ; the ‘ wayward forces ’ had to be ‘ rightly directed ’ , so that the ‘ new instincts and impulses , the new faculties and powers … shall be rightly exercised and trained , and that protection shall be given as far as possible against the temptations to which it is exposed ’ .
however , he was much more explicit in his references to the nature of ‘ adolescence ’ , referring to it as the age of ‘ terrible peril ’ which had to be responded to ; the ‘ wayward forces ’ had to be ‘ rightly directed ’ , so that the ‘ new instincts and impulses , the new faculties and powers … shall be rightly exercised and trained , and that protection shall be given as far as possible against the temptations to which it is [revealed] ’ .

He could see himself floundering across in the moonlight , exposed , a struggling dark blot against the shining whiteness .
he could see himself floundering across in the moonlight , [revealed] , a struggling dark blot against the shining whiteness .

Luke had exposed himself .
luke had [revealed] himself .

Each planner is continuously exposed to data from general reading , particularly of newspapers and journals .
each planner is continuously [revealed] to data from general reading , particularly of newspapers and journals .

With a very limited manufacturing base and agricultural production of foodstuffs insufficient to feed the country , Zambia became highly exposed to the vagaries of international markets .
with a very limited manufacturing base and agricultural production of foodstuffs insufficient to feed the country , zambia became highly [revealed] to the vagaries of international markets .

Sometimes the track was exposed , other times tunnelled by rhododendrons and very overgrown .
sometimes the track was [revealed] , other times tunnelled by rhododendrons and very overgrown .

Those who have been exposed to the confirmatory techniques of linear regression may recognize the analogous measures .
those who have been [revealed] to the confirmatory techniques of linear regression may recognize the analogous measures .

In the Abdaly region of northern Kuwait there are some 156 farms which are separated by desert and thus exposed to sandstorms , where metal wind-breaks and shelter-belts have not prevented sand encroachment , largely as Al-Nakshabandi and El-Robee have suggested , due to poor management .
in the abdaly region of northern kuwait there are some 156 farms which are separated by desert and thus [revealed] to sandstorms , where metal wind-breaks and shelter-belts have not prevented sand encroachment , largely as al-nakshabandi and el-robee have suggested , due to poor management .

This may occur at the exposed soil surface as raindrops selectively erode fine clay particles , leaving heavier sand particles : with time this process can affect deeper parts of the soil profile , impairing its water-retaining capacity to such an extent that even after agriculture has been abandoned the forest may be unable to recolonise .
this may occur at the [revealed] soil surface as raindrops selectively erode fine clay particles , leaving heavier sand particles : with time this process can affect deeper parts of the soil profile , impairing its water-retaining capacity to such an extent that even after agriculture has been abandoned the forest may be unable to recolonise .

Harden 's data indicate an annual range of soil losses varying from , with the highest rates of erosion occurring where soils are exposed to drought , overgrazing or tillage .
harden 's data indicate an annual range of soil losses varying from , with the highest rates of erosion occurring where soils are [revealed] to drought , overgrazing or tillage .

Such losses reduce as the plantation matures but rarely return to pre-disturbance levels because subsoil is exposed and weathering is promoted .
such losses reduce as the plantation matures but rarely return to pre-disturbance levels because subsoil is [revealed] and weathering is promoted .

Blyth , exposed to the cruelty of a Hampden crowd tired of goal-keeping ineptitude , wandered through the rest of his career with a guilt-complex , another victim of the big-match blunder .
blyth , [revealed] to the cruelty of a hampden crowd tired of goal-keeping ineptitude , wandered through the rest of his career with a guilt-complex , another victim of the big-match blunder .

To emphasise his authority the unforgiving Rangers boss exposed Roberts to a humiliating period as a reserve team substitute .
to emphasise his authority the unforgiving rangers boss [revealed] roberts to a humiliating period as a reserve team substitute .

But like so many Scottish aristocrats before them , history has exposed Dundee 's status to be founded on a fading past .
but like so many scottish aristocrats before them , history has [revealed] dundee 's status to be founded on a fading past .

The wrangling and mis-management were now publicly exposed , but with Parliament dispersed , apart from the press , no effective protest was possible .
the wrangling and mis-management were now publicly [revealed] , but with parliament dispersed , apart from the press , no effective protest was possible .

Even under normal circumstances , however , people throughout the world are still exposed to a variety of environmental hazards which jeopardise their safety , health , happiness and , indeed , survival .
even under normal circumstances , however , people throughout the world are still [revealed] to a variety of environmental hazards which jeopardise their safety , health , happiness and , indeed , survival .

Workers who can be exposed to excessively cold weather conditions have not only to know about survival measures during over-exposure , but be able and willing to carry them out .
workers who can be [revealed] to excessively cold weather conditions have not only to know about survival measures during over-exposure , but be able and willing to carry them out .

During prenatal existence , a safe environment is provided by the mother 's uterus but , from the moment of birth , a baby becomes instantly exposed to all the hazards in the external environment and is totally dependent on adults for the provision of a safe environment in which to thrive and survive .
during prenatal existence , a safe environment is provided by the mother 's uterus but , from the moment of birth , a baby becomes instantly [revealed] to all the hazards in the external environment and is totally dependent on adults for the provision of a safe environment in which to thrive and survive .

By being exposed to repeated small doses of the infecting agent .
by being [revealed] to repeated small doses of the infecting agent .

Within any one society also , there are internal differences in relation to the problems of maintaining a safe environment and the particular kinds of hazards to which certain groups of people are exposed .
within any one society also , there are internal differences in relation to the problems of maintaining a safe environment and the particular kinds of hazards to which certain groups of people are [revealed] .

The seeds are all the external influences that tend to throw us out of balance and they may affect us on any level of our being ; on the physical level it may be something simple like being exposed to a cold wind , getting soaked in the rain or even some form of trauma .
the seeds are all the external influences that tend to throw us out of balance and they may affect us on any level of our being ; on the physical level it may be something simple like being [revealed] to a cold wind , getting soaked in the rain or even some form of trauma .

Keep the nipples dry and exposed to the air ; pads can make things worse .
keep the nipples dry and [revealed] to the air ; pads can make things worse .

Always suffering with a nasal catarrh ; pressing pain in the root of the nose with a chronic catarrh and if exposed to the cold the discharge dries up and a headache begins , ( like in Kali Carbonicum ) , often starting with dim vision .
always suffering with a nasal catarrh ; pressing pain in the root of the nose with a chronic catarrh and if [revealed] to the cold the discharge dries up and a headache begins , ( like in kali carbonicum ) , often starting with dim vision .

our weaknesses have been exposed ,
our weaknesses have been [revealed] ,

Second , weak government regulation of American TV means that without parental controls , child viewers are exposed repeatedly to antisocial attitudes and behaviors .
second , weak government regulation of american tv means that without parental controls , child viewers are [revealed] repeatedly to antisocial attitudes and behaviors .

Research documents that these diculties are magniﬁed two to threefold in children and adolescents who have been exposed to marital discord and divorce,124 circumstances in which parents—at odds with one another—all too often are diverted from investing in their children ’ s day-to-day lives .
research documents that these diculties are magniﬁed two to threefold in children and adolescents who have been [revealed] to marital discord and divorce,124 circumstances in which parents—at odds with one another—all too often are diverted from investing in their children ’ s day-to-day lives .

Many American industry participants and policymakers believe these changes could deal a fatal blow to the U.S. apparel industry , which will become even more exposed to global competition .
many american industry participants and policymakers believe these changes could deal a fatal blow to the u.s. apparel industry , which will become even more [revealed] to global competition .

As we have emphasized in earlier chapters , an apparel manufacturer that meets a lean retailer ’ s replenishment requirements while optimizing the level of inventories it holds per SKU will be exposed to less risk than one that meets retailer requirements by simply holding larger stocks of inventories .
as we have emphasized in earlier chapters , an apparel manufacturer that meets a lean retailer ’ s replenishment requirements while optimizing the level of inventories it holds per sku will be [revealed] to less risk than one that meets retailer requirements by simply holding larger stocks of inventories .

These previously hidden elements were now exposed in plain sight—and exposed to the elements .
these previously hidden elements were now [revealed] in plain sight—and [revealed] to the elements .

My classmates and I particularly admired the exposed concrete structure and the explicit separation of what Kahn called “ servant ” and “ served ” spaces—massive brick ventilation shafts and delicate , glass-enclosed individual laboratories .
my classmates and i particularly admired the [revealed] concrete structure and the explicit separation of what kahn called “ servant ” and “ served ” spaces—massive brick ventilation shafts and delicate , glass-enclosed individual laboratories .

The large windows let in too much light ( today , most are papered over with aluminum foil ) , cement dust from the exposed concrete beams falls on the lab tables , and the rigid plan has proved inflexible to changing needs .
the large windows let in too much light ( today , most are papered over with aluminum foil ) , cement dust from the [revealed] concrete beams falls on the lab tables , and the rigid plan has proved inflexible to changing needs .

The current fashion for “ natural ” dress fabrics—cotton , wool , linen—has a counterpart in “ natural ” décor : exposed brick , oiled wood , polished concrete .
the current fashion for “ natural ” dress fabrics—cotton , wool , linen—has a counterpart in “ natural ” décor : [revealed] brick , oiled wood , polished concrete .

The interior was different , with many hallmarks of the International Style : no decoration , bare concrete , exposed structural beams , factory sash glazing and steel pipe railings .
the interior was different , with many hallmarks of the international style : no decoration , bare concrete , [revealed] structural beams , factory sash glazing and steel pipe railings .

I. M. Pei ’ s impeccably crafted East Building of the National Gallery of Art ( 1976-78 ) in Washington , D.C. , had not one exposed bolt , not one allusion to the past .
i. m. pei ’ s impeccably crafted east building of the national gallery of art ( 1976-78 ) in washington , d.c. , had not one [revealed] bolt , not one allusion to the past .

Bruder , on the other hand , designs chic buildings that incorporate exposed structural elements , rough industrial materials , and sleek details .
bruder , on the other hand , designs chic buildings that incorporate [revealed] structural elements , rough industrial materials , and sleek details .

Le Corbusier , who had coined the famous expression , “ a house is a machine for living in , ” now adopted distinctly un-machinelike building materials such as crudely finished concrete , exposed brick , roughened stucco , and fieldstone .
le corbusier , who had coined the famous expression , “ a house is a machine for living in , ” now adopted distinctly un-machinelike building materials such as crudely finished concrete , [revealed] brick , roughened stucco , and fieldstone .

The vogue among many younger architects today is toward lightness and exposed construction , and railings reflect that fashion , too .
the vogue among many younger architects today is toward lightness and [revealed] construction , and railings reflect that fashion , too .

The ceiling is supported by exposed trusses of rough , reused timbers .
the ceiling is supported by [revealed] trusses of rough , reused timbers .

A girl was never able to reject a request to dance from a boy , because to turn down an invitation exposed the boy to embarrassment and ridicule for his failure in competition , and could be cause for revenge .
a girl was never able to reject a request to dance from a boy , because to turn down an invitation [revealed] the boy to embarrassment and ridicule for his failure in competition , and could be cause for revenge .

A year later , American patriots exposed themselves to great risk by appearing to have committed treason .
a year later , american patriots [revealed] themselves to great risk by appearing to have committed treason .

However , the failure of many to withstand the powerful 1995 Hanshin earthquake that struck the Kobe area exposed the inadequacy of many construction methods and standards .
however , the failure of many to withstand the powerful 1995 hanshin earthquake that struck the kobe area [revealed] the inadequacy of many construction methods and standards .

After Alexander the Great ’ s death , the conquered territory was divided among his generals , whose mutual antagonism and expansionist ambitions led to weaknesses that exposed western Anatolia to the increasing might of Rome .
after alexander the great ’ s death , the conquered territory was divided among his generals , whose mutual antagonism and expansionist ambitions led to weaknesses that [revealed] western anatolia to the increasing might of rome .

Those who already know Italy well will inevitably feel that a few of their favorite spots have been neglected ( though they may also be grateful to not have their secret exposed ) , while they ’ ll find others they never heard of .
those who already know italy well will inevitably feel that a few of their favorite spots have been neglected ( though they may also be grateful to not have their secret [revealed] ) , while they ’ ll find others they never heard of .

Most tourists , however , will be exposed to only a small range of Turkish dishes , unless they are invited into a Turkish home , or eat at one of the country ’ s better restaurants .
most tourists , however , will be [revealed] to only a small range of turkish dishes , unless they are invited into a turkish home , or eat at one of the country ’ s better restaurants .

Parliament , which was denied knowledge of the secret war treaty until the Peace Conference of 1919 , was exposed as impotent .
parliament , which was denied knowledge of the secret war treaty until the peace conference of 1919 , was [revealed] as impotent .

For instance , to avoid polluting the elements , Parsis do not bury or cremate their dead , but lay them exposed and naked on their famous Towers of Silence for the vultures to devour .
for instance , to avoid polluting the elements , parsis do not bury or cremate their dead , but lay them [revealed] and naked on their famous towers of silence for the vultures to devour .

To command and coordinate this long , exposed line , the Romans built a military camp called Aquincum , which became the home of some 6,000 soldiers , and in time spawned civilian suburbs that housed up to ten times that number .
to command and coordinate this long , [revealed] line , the romans built a military camp called aquincum , which became the home of some 6,000 soldiers , and in time spawned civilian suburbs that housed up to ten times that number .

There ’ s still some dark sand exposed during low tide , mixed with broken coral , so it is advisable to wear shoes if you want to swim in the sea .
there ’ s still some dark sand [revealed] during low tide , mixed with broken coral , so it is advisable to wear shoes if you want to swim in the sea .

In an exposed , windy location this looks , considering the damage it did , exceedingly benign .
in an [revealed] , windy location this looks , considering the damage it did , exceedingly benign .

Velázquez and his followers enslaved the native peoples and in the process exposed them to European diseases .
velázquez and his followers enslaved the native peoples and in the process [revealed] them to european diseases .

This district northwest of Chongqing was so inaccessible in earlier times that many thousands of statues were never exposed to pillage .
this district northwest of chongqing was so inaccessible in earlier times that many thousands of statues were never [revealed] to pillage .

An arched structure resembling an aircraft hangar has since been built to protect the exposed soldiers and horses in Vault 1 from the weather .
an arched structure resembling an aircraft hangar has since been built to protect the [revealed] soldiers and horses in vault 1 from the weather .

The episode in Poland , called Polish October , exposed fissures in the Communist regime , and it served as the impetus for a slight relaxation of censorship , religious repression , and economic controls .
the episode in poland , called polish october , [revealed] fissures in the communist regime , and it served as the impetus for a slight relaxation of censorship , religious repression , and economic controls .

In a stark , exposed position near the road in Jonas Daniël Meijerplein , is the Dokwerker Statue by Mari Andriessen .
in a stark , [revealed] position near the road in jonas daniël meijerplein , is the dokwerker statue by mari andriessen .

In the central area of the mosque , restorers have exposed to view a section of the original carved and painted wooden ceiling , which was covered over with vaulting in the 18th century .
in the central area of the mosque , restorers have [revealed] to view a section of the original carved and painted wooden ceiling , which was covered over with vaulting in the 18th century .

A particular fascination , and one both beautiful and gruesome , is the semi-ruined church whose floor has been partly excavated leaving tombs with bones and skulls exposed .
a particular fascination , and one both beautiful and gruesome , is the semi-ruined church whose floor has been partly excavated leaving tombs with bones and skulls [revealed] .

Nearly every exposed portion of its beams , panels , and pillars is decorated with a painted scene from Chinese myth , history , literature , or geography — 10,000 brightly painted panels in all .
nearly every [revealed] portion of its beams , panels , and pillars is decorated with a painted scene from chinese myth , history , literature , or geography — 10,000 brightly painted panels in all .

A new study by Colorado Legal Services , the first of its kind in the Rocky Mountain region , says such migrant workers at farms statewide are regularly exposed to hazardous pesticides in violation of federal laws .
a new study by colorado legal services , the first of its kind in the rocky mountain region , says such migrant workers at farms statewide are regularly [revealed] to hazardous pesticides in violation of federal laws .

Chavez 's case mirrors the findings of the survey by Colorado Legal Services , which reports that migrant workers at farms statewide are regularly exposed to hazardous pesticides in violation of federal laws .
chavez 's case mirrors the findings of the survey by colorado legal services , which reports that migrant workers at farms statewide are regularly [revealed] to hazardous pesticides in violation of federal laws .

BY BRAD BENNETT bbennett @ herald.com An environmental expert may study the winds that flowed from the old Wingate landfill incinerator 's smokestacks , and identify wide areas where people may have been exposed to toxic chemicals .
by brad bennett bbennett @ herald.com an environmental expert may study the winds that flowed from the old wingate landfill incinerator 's smokestacks , and identify wide areas where people may have been [revealed] to toxic chemicals .

The manufacturing company had recently drafted policies on security incident response after an incident had exposed shortfalls in the company 's guidance in this area .
the manufacturing company had recently drafted policies on security incident response after an incident had [revealed] shortfalls in the company 's guidance in this area .

Defining the Roles and Responsibilities of the Board of Directors Recent legislative and regulatory initiatives , such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) proposals and rules , and proposed revised stock exchange listing requirements , have addressed weaknesses in corporate governance exposed by the major financial reporting issues raised by restatements and corporate failures , placing greater emphasis on the roles and responsibilities of boards of directors .
defining the roles and responsibilities of the board of directors recent legislative and regulatory initiatives , such as the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 , securities and exchange commission ( sec ) proposals and rules , and proposed revised stock exchange listing requirements , have addressed weaknesses in corporate governance [revealed] by the major financial reporting issues raised by restatements and corporate failures , placing greater emphasis on the roles and responsibilities of boards of directors .

The manufacturing company had recently drafted policies on security incident response after an incident had exposed shortfalls in the company 's guidance in this area .
the manufacturing company had recently drafted policies on security incident response after an incident had [revealed] shortfalls in the company 's guidance in this area .

The rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are exposed ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of GAO/OGC-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .
the rule prohibits the sale of nicotine-containing cigarettes and smokeless tobacco to individuals under the age of 18 ; requires manufacturers , distributors , and retailers to comply with various conditions regarding the sale and distribution of these products ; requires retailers to verify a purchaser 's age by photographic identification ; prohibits all free samples ; limits the distribution of these products through vending machines and self-service displays by permitting such methods of sale only in facilities where access by individuals under 18 is prohibited ; limits the advertising and labeling to which children and adolescents are [revealed] ; prohibits promotional , non-tobacco items such as hats and tee shirts ; prohibits sponsorship of gao/ogc-96-38 sporting and other events , teams and entries in the brand name of tobacco products ; and requires manufacturers to provide intended use information on all cigarette and smokeless tobacco product labels and in cigarette advertising .

Recent studies estimate that between one and four million American women experience an assault by an intimate partner each year , and 3.3 million children are exposed to violence by family members against their mothers or female caretakers .
recent studies estimate that between one and four million american women experience an assault by an intimate partner each year , and 3.3 million children are [revealed] to violence by family members against their mothers or female caretakers .

For this reason , it is recommended that only approximately 10 % of the test organisms be exposed initially to the dilution water .
for this reason , it is recommended that only approximately 10 % of the test organisms be [revealed] initially to the dilution water .

For this reason , it is recommended that only approximately 10 % of the test organisms be exposed initially to the dilution water .
for this reason , it is recommended that only approximately 10 % of the test organisms be [revealed] initially to the dilution water .

However , laboratory life cycle tests may not accurately estimate the `` safe '' concentration of toxicants because they are conducted with a limited number of species under highly controlled , steady state conditions , and the results do not include the effects of the stresses to which the organisms would ordinarily be exposed in the natural environment .
however , laboratory life cycle tests may not accurately estimate the `` safe '' concentration of toxicants because they are conducted with a limited number of species under highly controlled , steady state conditions , and the results do not include the effects of the stresses to which the organisms would ordinarily be [revealed] in the natural environment .

Reducing mercury emissions will reduce the risk of toxic effects from mercury exposure to children exposed during their mother 's pregnancy .
reducing mercury emissions will reduce the risk of toxic effects from mercury exposure to children [revealed] during their mother 's pregnancy .

This is the level at which the population living in that grid cell is assumed to be exposed .
this is the level at which the population living in that grid cell is assumed to be [revealed] .

However , laboratory life-cycle tests may not accurately estimate the `` safe '' concentration of toxicants because they are conducted with a limited number of species under highly controlled , steady-state conditions , and the results do not include the effects of the stresses to which the organisms would ordinarily be exposed in the natural environment .
however , laboratory life-cycle tests may not accurately estimate the `` safe '' concentration of toxicants because they are conducted with a limited number of species under highly controlled , steady-state conditions , and the results do not include the effects of the stresses to which the organisms would ordinarily be [revealed] in the natural environment .

In this study , fathead minnows , Pimephales promelas , were exposed to a graded series of pesticide concentrations throughout their life cycle , and the effects of the toxicant on survival , growth , and reproduction were measured and evaluated .
in this study , fathead minnows , pimephales promelas , were [revealed] to a graded series of pesticide concentrations throughout their life cycle , and the effects of the toxicant on survival , growth , and reproduction were measured and evaluated .

For this reason , it is recommended that only approximately 10 % of the test organisms be exposed initially to the dilution water .
for this reason , it is recommended that only approximately 10 % of the test organisms be [revealed] initially to the dilution water .

Many people continue to be exposed to unacceptable levels of smog .
many people continue to be [revealed] to unacceptable levels of smog .

For outcomes where the study population reflects data limitations and not the age-specificity of a health effect , this assumption may lead us to underestimate the benefits of reductions in pollutant exposures to the entire , exposed population .
for outcomes where the study population reflects data limitations and not the age-specificity of a health effect , this assumption may lead us to underestimate the benefits of reductions in pollutant exposures to the entire , [revealed] population .

Laboratory and field experiments have shown reductions in yields for agronomic crops exposed to ozone , including vegetables ( e.g. , lettuce ) and field crops ( e.g. , cotton and wheat ) .
laboratory and field experiments have shown reductions in yields for agronomic crops [revealed] to ozone , including vegetables ( e.g. , lettuce ) and field crops ( e.g. , cotton and wheat ) .

Although the consistent advice from EPA 's Science Advisory Board has been to model premature mortality associated with PM exposure as a non-threshold effect , that is , with harmful effects to exposed populations regardless of the absolute level of ambient PM concentrations , some analysts have hypothesized the presence of a threshold relationship .
although the consistent advice from epa 's science advisory board has been to model premature mortality associated with pm exposure as a non-threshold effect , that is , with harmful effects to [revealed] populations regardless of the absolute level of ambient pm concentrations , some analysts have hypothesized the presence of a threshold relationship .

The explosion killed six people , injured about 1,000 more , and exposed vulnerabilities in the World Trade Center 's and the city 's emergency preparedness .
the explosion killed six people , injured about 1,000 more , and [revealed] vulnerabilities in the world trade center 's and the city 's emergency preparedness .

Significant shortcomings within the FDNY 's command and control capabilities were painfully exposed on September 11 .
significant shortcomings within the fdny 's command and control capabilities were painfully [revealed] on september 11 .

While significant problems in the command and control of the PAPD also were exposed on September 11 , it is less clear that the Port Authority has adopted new training exercises or major incident protocols to address these shortcomings .
while significant problems in the command and control of the papd also were [revealed] on september 11 , it is less clear that the port authority has adopted new training exercises or major incident protocols to address these shortcomings .

Had they been watchlisted , the connections to terrorism could have been exposed at the time they applied for a visa or at the port of entry .
had they been watchlisted , the connections to terrorism could have been [revealed] at the time they applied for a visa or at the port of entry .

Had they been watchlisted , their terrorist affiliations could have been exposed either at the time they applied for a visa or at the port of entry .
had they been watchlisted , their terrorist affiliations could have been [revealed] either at the time they applied for a visa or at the port of entry .

These organisms make an amazing array of so-called secondary metabolites that have evolved to give their producers a competitive advantage in the complex soil environment , where they are exposed to stresses of all kinds ( Challis and Hopwood 2003 ) .
these organisms make an amazing array of so-called secondary metabolites that have evolved to give their producers a competitive advantage in the complex soil environment , where they are [revealed] to stresses of all kinds ( challis and hopwood 2003 ) .

When the DNA that makes up a gene is exposed and expressed , when a gene is serving its individual function , then the detailed sequence means all .
when the dna that makes up a gene is [revealed] and expressed , when a gene is serving its individual function , then the detailed sequence means all .

NS cells exposed to 100 nM RA at 20 , 40 , or 80 NSs/cm 2 and NS cells exposed to 2 μM RA at a plating density of 20 NSs/cm 2 did not express these markers or insulin at a later stage ( “ stage 4 ” ; Figure 3A ; data not shown ) .
ns cells [revealed] to 100 nm ra at 20 , 40 , or 80 nss/cm 2 and ns cells [revealed] to 2 μm ra at a plating density of 20 nss/cm 2 did not express these markers or insulin at a later stage ( “ stage 4 ” ; figure 3a ; data not shown ) .

In cell clusters exposed to 5 mM glucose in stages 2–3 then switched to 17 mM glucose at stage 4 ( “ HLLH ” ) , insulin C-peptide levels were 0.36 fmol per cluster , and the average number of C-peptide + cells per cluster was 200 .
in cell clusters [revealed] to 5 mm glucose in stages 2–3 then switched to 17 mm glucose at stage 4 ( “ hllh ” ) , insulin c-peptide levels were 0.36 fmol per cluster , and the average number of c-peptide + cells per cluster was 200 .

The Darwins were able to demonstrate that when oat seedlings were exposed to a lateral light source , a transported signal originating from the plant apex promoted differential cell elongation in the lower parts of the seedling that resulted in it bending toward the light source .
the darwins were able to demonstrate that when oat seedlings were [revealed] to a lateral light source , a transported signal originating from the plant apex promoted differential cell elongation in the lower parts of the seedling that resulted in it bending toward the light source .

A detailed study of the regions where different signaling pathways are active during embryogenesis ( Schohl and Fagotto 2002 ) showed that the entire ectoderm is probably exposed to FGF signals at or prior to the time of neural induction , with the more vegetal , mesoderm-proximal region of the ectoderm being exposed to higher levels .
a detailed study of the regions where different signaling pathways are active during embryogenesis ( schohl and fagotto 2002 ) showed that the entire ectoderm is probably [revealed] to fgf signals at or prior to the time of neural induction , with the more vegetal , mesoderm-proximal region of the ectoderm being [revealed] to higher levels .

Evolutionary connections between organisms that were once hidden by morphology have now been exposed in genomic analyses .
evolutionary connections between organisms that were once hidden by morphology have now been [revealed] in genomic analyses .

However , the viral inoculum sizes used to infect macaques with SIV vastly exceed the amounts of HIV that humans are exposed to during a given exposure .
however , the viral inoculum sizes used to infect macaques with siv vastly exceed the amounts of hiv that humans are [revealed] to during a given exposure .

Typically animals are exposed to 10–100 times the infectious dose at which 50 % of the animals become infected ( ID50 ) .
typically animals are [revealed] to 10–100 times the infectious dose at which 50 % of the animals become infected ( id50 ) .

Cells were then exposed to monoclonal anti-CD36 IgG FA6 ( 5 μg/ml ) , or control mouse IgG1 ( 5 μg/ml ) ( Sigma ) , for 45 min on ice in the presence of 10 % fetal bovine serum then washed with PBS .
cells were then [revealed] to monoclonal anti-cd36 igg fa6 ( 5 μg/ml ) , or control mouse igg1 ( 5 μg/ml ) ( sigma ) , for 45 min on ice in the presence of 10 % fetal bovine serum then washed with pbs .

Periodic acid–Schiff–stained sections of kidneys from mice exposed to type 2 diabetes ( db/db mice ) for 20 wk ( Figure 2A ) , or type 1 diabetes ( STZ-treated C57BL/6J mice ) for 20 wk ( data not shown ) demonstrated moderate to advanced mesangial expansion and glomerulosclerosis ( Figure 2A ) .
periodic acid–schiff–stained sections of kidneys from mice [revealed] to type 2 diabetes ( db/db mice ) for 20 wk ( figure 2a ) , or type 1 diabetes ( stz-treated c57bl/6j mice ) for 20 wk ( data not shown ) demonstrated moderate to advanced mesangial expansion and glomerulosclerosis ( figure 2a ) .

Together these findings indicate that CD36 receptor mediates sequential phosphorylation of src kinases and p38 MAPK , leading to activation of caspase 3 and apoptosis in human PTECs exposed to AGE-BSA and PA ligands .
together these findings indicate that cd36 receptor mediates sequential phosphorylation of src kinases and p38 mapk , leading to activation of caspase 3 and apoptosis in human ptecs [revealed] to age-bsa and pa ligands .

In the present study , we show for the first time , to our knowledge , that CD36 mediates apoptosis in differentiated epithelial cells that are exposed to AGE-BSA- , CMLmin-BSA- , and FFA-induced metabolic injury characteristic of the diabetic milieu .
in the present study , we show for the first time , to our knowledge , that cd36 mediates apoptosis in differentiated epithelial cells that are [revealed] to age-bsa- , cmlmin-bsa- , and ffa-induced metabolic injury characteristic of the diabetic milieu .

Many such studies , done with animals , show greater neural complexity after having been exposed to an enriched environment that provides lots of stimulation , for example by including wheels , tunnels , toys , and gnawing sticks [ 11 ] .
many such studies , done with animals , show greater neural complexity after having been [revealed] to an enriched environment that provides lots of stimulation , for example by including wheels , tunnels , toys , and gnawing sticks [ 11 ] .

There are four main serotypes of the dengue RNA virus ; dengue hemorrhagic fever is more likely to occur during dengue infection in people with preexisting active or passive ( e.g. , maternally acquired ) immunity who are exposed to a different dengue virus serotype .
there are four main serotypes of the dengue rna virus ; dengue hemorrhagic fever is more likely to occur during dengue infection in people with preexisting active or passive ( e.g. , maternally acquired ) immunity who are [revealed] to a different dengue virus serotype .

In suggesting that slowing biological aging may increase the disjunction between “ social aging ” ( the age at which children are exposed to “ adult ” images and concepts ) and “ biological aging ” ( expected lifespan ) , only one view , a conservative one , of the supposed “ best ” way to raise children is presented .
in suggesting that slowing biological aging may increase the disjunction between “ social aging ” ( the age at which children are [revealed] to “ adult ” images and concepts ) and “ biological aging ” ( expected lifespan ) , only one view , a conservative one , of the supposed “ best ” way to raise children is presented .

Even without vaccination , however , most exposed individuals will never get invasive disease .
even without vaccination , however , most [revealed] individuals will never get invasive disease .

The simulated populations were allowed to evolve whilst being selected for an optimum phenotype ( i.e. , the populations were exposed to an environment in which a particular phenotype was optimal ) .
the simulated populations were allowed to evolve whilst being selected for an optimum phenotype ( i.e. , the populations were [revealed] to an environment in which a particular phenotype was optimal ) .

Those who have been exposed to HIV have a right to know how to protect themselves and if they too are infected , to be offered treatment [ 5 ] .
those who have been [revealed] to hiv have a right to know how to protect themselves and if they too are infected , to be offered treatment [ 5 ] .

They begin with the “ SEIR ” class of models , in which the host population is classified according to infectious status , i.e. , individuals are susceptible , exposed , infectious , or recovered .
they begin with the “ seir ” class of models , in which the host population is classified according to infectious status , i.e. , individuals are susceptible , [revealed] , infectious , or recovered .

This model assumes that the rate of leaving the exposed or infectious class is constant , irrespective of the time already spent in that class .
this model assumes that the rate of leaving the [revealed] or infectious class is constant , irrespective of the time already spent in that class .

She had not been recently exposed to any new medications , environmental toxins , or over-the-counter dietary supplements .
she had not been recently [revealed] to any new medications , environmental toxins , or over-the-counter dietary supplements .

This approach , involving recurrent limited exposure to autologous virus , has not been successful in chronic infection [ 4,5 ] , but has been shown to lead to at least transient containment of viremia after intervention in the acute phase of infection in humans and animals exposed to AIDS-associated retroviruses [ 6,7,8,9 ] .
this approach , involving recurrent limited exposure to autologous virus , has not been successful in chronic infection [ 4,5 ] , but has been shown to lead to at least transient containment of viremia after intervention in the acute phase of infection in humans and animals [revealed] to aids-associated retroviruses [ 6,7,8,9 ] .

We have recently shown that mice that are exposed thrice at weekly intervals to intranasal colonization with encapsulated pneumococci are protected against subsequent carriage , that this protection is effective for heterologous as well as homologous capsular types , and that it is effective even in MuMT mice , which lack the ability to produce antibodies ( Malley R , Trzcinski K , Srivastava A , Thompson CM , Anderson PW , et al. , unpublished data ) .
we have recently shown that mice that are [revealed] thrice at weekly intervals to intranasal colonization with encapsulated pneumococci are protected against subsequent carriage , that this protection is effective for heterologous as well as homologous capsular types , and that it is effective even in mumt mice , which lack the ability to produce antibodies ( malley r , trzcinski k , srivastava a , thompson cm , anderson pw , et al. , unpublished data ) .

These proteins , which are exposed on the surface of cells in the nose , bind to volatile chemicals and allow us to detect smells .
these proteins , which are [revealed] on the surface of cells in the nose , bind to volatile chemicals and allow us to detect smells .

In the “ Gas Exchange ” experiment , a burst of oxygen was released when the soil was exposed to water .
in the “ gas exchange ” experiment , a burst of oxygen was released when the soil was [revealed] to water .

Organic material of biological origin will eventually lose its distinctive pattern when exposed to heat and other types of radiation , ( examples of this include the thermal racemization of amino acids ) , but at the low temperatures in the Martian permafrost , calculations suggest that there has been no thermal alteration ( Kanavarioti and Mancinelli 1990 ) .
organic material of biological origin will eventually lose its distinctive pattern when [revealed] to heat and other types of radiation , ( examples of this include the thermal racemization of amino acids ) , but at the low temperatures in the martian permafrost , calculations suggest that there has been no thermal alteration ( kanavarioti and mancinelli 1990 ) .

There is a much-quoted saying , attributed to the epidemiologist Geoffrey Rose : “ A large number of people exposed to a small risk may generate many more cases than a small number exposed to a very high risk. ” This is true for many individual risk factors such as salt intake ( linked to high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease ) and speeding on the highway ( linked to injuries and accidents ) .
there is a much-quoted saying , attributed to the epidemiologist geoffrey rose : “ a large number of people [revealed] to a small risk may generate many more cases than a small number [revealed] to a very high risk. ” this is true for many individual risk factors such as salt intake ( linked to high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease ) and speeding on the highway ( linked to injuries and accidents ) .

The analysis confirms—and extends to a global level—previous research showing that many major health risks are important across the range of exposure levels , not just among individuals exposed to high levels of risk .
the analysis confirms—and extends to a global level—previous research showing that many major health risks are important across the range of exposure levels , not just among individuals [revealed] to high levels of risk .

Kim and colleagues took human neural progenitor cells derived from brain , and exposed them to a series of signals that are known to drive pancreatic islet development .
kim and colleagues took human neural progenitor cells derived from brain , and [revealed] them to a series of signals that are known to drive pancreatic islet development .

They wanted to answer two questions : first , whether the mutations that cause drug resistance in subtype B viruses also develop in non-subtype-B viruses exposed to antiretroviral drugs , and second , whether novel mutations ( i.e. , not previously seen in subtype B virus ) develop in non-subtype-B viruses when they fail to respond to antiretroviral drugs .
they wanted to answer two questions : first , whether the mutations that cause drug resistance in subtype b viruses also develop in non-subtype-b viruses [revealed] to antiretroviral drugs , and second , whether novel mutations ( i.e. , not previously seen in subtype b virus ) develop in non-subtype-b viruses when they fail to respond to antiretroviral drugs .

It appears that few novel mutations are arising in non-subtype-B viruses exposed to the current antiretroviral drugs and that the present focus on subtype B mutations for global surveillance and genotypic assessments of drug resistance is a reasonable approach .
it appears that few novel mutations are arising in non-subtype-b viruses [revealed] to the current antiretroviral drugs and that the present focus on subtype b mutations for global surveillance and genotypic assessments of drug resistance is a reasonable approach .

Students who are exposed to publicly available literature through their coursework often develop an expectation that all research papers will be freely available to them from any computer and become frustrated if they do not have access to all the journal articles they want and need to read .
students who are [revealed] to publicly available literature through their coursework often develop an expectation that all research papers will be freely available to them from any computer and become frustrated if they do not have access to all the journal articles they want and need to read .

Widespread use of the drug thalidomide during the 1950s led to an epidemic of phocomelia , an absence or deformity of limbs and other congenital defects in children exposed in utero to the drug [ 72 ] .
widespread use of the drug thalidomide during the 1950s led to an epidemic of phocomelia , an absence or deformity of limbs and other congenital defects in children [revealed] in utero to the drug [ 72 ] .

One additional safeguard that deserves further debate is whether prevalent environmental chemicals to which children could be exposed should undergo more extensive testing in human trials before they are marketed .
one additional safeguard that deserves further debate is whether prevalent environmental chemicals to which children could be [revealed] should undergo more extensive testing in human trials before they are marketed .

We also need to have further debate about whether it is ethical to continue to disseminate chemicals of unknown toxicity into children 's environments or to allow children to continually be exposed to prevalent toxins , like lead , despite considerable evidence that they are toxic [ 82 ] .
we also need to have further debate about whether it is ethical to continue to disseminate chemicals of unknown toxicity into children 's environments or to allow children to continually be [revealed] to prevalent toxins , like lead , despite considerable evidence that they are toxic [ 82 ] .

Vaccination would reduce the number of hookworm infective larvae entering the gastrointestinal tract , thereby reducing the number of adult worms and the fecal egg counts in individuals exposed to the larvae .
vaccination would reduce the number of hookworm infective larvae entering the gastrointestinal tract , thereby reducing the number of adult worms and the fecal egg counts in individuals [revealed] to the larvae .

The efficiency of seeking a rigorous efficacy signal before moving on to larger-scale trials ( and exposing as few subjects as possible to drugs that might not work or turn out to be toxic ) is a valid ethical reason for using placebo controls , provided subjects are not exposed to undue risks of harm from withholding established treatment [ 2 ] .
the efficiency of seeking a rigorous efficacy signal before moving on to larger-scale trials ( and exposing as few subjects as possible to drugs that might not work or turn out to be toxic ) is a valid ethical reason for using placebo controls , provided subjects are not [revealed] to undue risks of harm from withholding established treatment [ 2 ] .

Young people are exposed daily to violence , pornography , and other unwholesome influences over the internet .
young people are [revealed] daily to violence , pornography , and other unwholesome influences over the internet .

The chapter describes an experiment in which 33 right-handed Caucasian women ages 18 to 53 were exposed to various mildly unpleasant experiences and asked to smile .
the chapter describes an experiment in which 33 right-handed caucasian women ages 18 to 53 were [revealed] to various mildly unpleasant experiences and asked to smile .

Bradley 's response looked like a juicy patch of exposed flesh for his crazed pit bull of a rival .
bradley 's response looked like a juicy patch of [revealed] flesh for his crazed pit bull of a rival .

It 's tempting to assume that its appeal , like the appeal of most popular entertainment , is simply a function of how old you were when you were first exposed to it .
it 's tempting to assume that its appeal , like the appeal of most popular entertainment , is simply a function of how old you were when you were first [revealed] to it .

Spielberg stages an agonizingly prolonged encounter with a German sniper in a mounting drizzle , the life of a wounded , exposed soldier streaming out of his body with the rainwater .
spielberg stages an agonizingly prolonged encounter with a german sniper in a mounting drizzle , the life of a wounded , [revealed] soldier streaming out of his body with the rainwater .

That evening , at the Bromells ' apartment , after She had been carried up through the rational structureBy articulate stages , floor after flashing floor , After we helped her get across the hall , And get across the room to a chair , somehowWe got her seated in a chair that was placedA little too far away from the nearest table , At the edge of the abyss , and there she sat , Exposed , her body the object of our attention -- The heaviness of it , the helpless graceless leg , The thick stocking , the leg brace , the medical shoe .
that evening , at the bromells ' apartment , after she had been carried up through the rational structureby articulate stages , floor after flashing floor , after we helped her get across the hall , and get across the room to a chair , somehowwe got her seated in a chair that was placeda little too far away from the nearest table , at the edge of the abyss , and there she sat , [revealed] , her body the object of our attention -- the heaviness of it , the helpless graceless leg , the thick stocking , the leg brace , the medical shoe .

Apparently Scottish journalist Thomson Callender -- who exposed Alexander Hamilton 's adultery -- wrote a story about Jefferson 's affair in the Richmond Recorder ( even after Jefferson had paid him $ 50 ! ) .
apparently scottish journalist thomson callender -- who [revealed] alexander hamilton 's adultery -- wrote a story about jefferson 's affair in the richmond recorder ( even after jefferson had paid him $ 50 ! ) .

Companies , says the paper , are not pleased , concerned that their activities will be exposed to everybody from stock traders , to terrorists , to stockholders ' watchdog groups ( just what are all those planes doing in the Hamptons anyway ?
companies , says the paper , are not pleased , concerned that their activities will be [revealed] to everybody from stock traders , to terrorists , to stockholders ' watchdog groups ( just what are all those planes doing in the hamptons anyway ?

Christopher Hurran , whose cover had been acting as a counselor at the British Embassy , was exposed by the Czech security service , BIS , after he made a written complaint about the head of the BIS , Karel Vulterin , who was fired by the Czech government as a result .
christopher hurran , whose cover had been acting as a counselor at the british embassy , was [revealed] by the czech security service , bis , after he made a written complaint about the head of the bis , karel vulterin , who was fired by the czech government as a result .

What can be done to convince her that , despite all the psychobabble we are exposed to , the past is not as important as the present ?
what can be done to convince her that , despite all the psychobabble we are [revealed] to , the past is not as important as the present ?

Monica is an ordinary young woman , who blundered badly when she was exposed to extraordinary temptation .
monica is an ordinary young woman , who blundered badly when she was [revealed] to extraordinary temptation .

The story of the last 20 years is the way heterogenous Hispanics -- who ought to have exposed the flimsiness of racial categories -- became just another homogenous race .
the story of the last 20 years is the way heterogenous hispanics -- who ought to have [revealed] the flimsiness of racial categories -- became just another homogenous race .

The exposed steelwork , brick , stone , tile , and well-placed wall openings of the new parks beat the cold and sterile stadiums of a generation ago .
the [revealed] steelwork , brick , stone , tile , and well-placed wall openings of the new parks beat the cold and sterile stadiums of a generation ago .

There 's a `` Heroes '' column about the reporter at Chicago magazine who exposed the Beardstown Ladies for inflating the returns of their investment club .
there 's a `` heroes '' column about the reporter at chicago magazine who [revealed] the beardstown ladies for inflating the returns of their investment club .

Even so , `` Mossad secretly sent agent operators to Britain to gather information on Arab targets '' and `` MI5 exposed these undeclared Mossad officers and quietly instructed them to leave the country . ''
even so , `` mossad secretly sent agent operators to britain to gather information on arab targets '' and `` mi5 [revealed] these undeclared mossad officers and quietly instructed them to leave the country . ''

George W. Bush agrees : `` Children ought to be exposed to different theories about how the world started . ''
george w. bush agrees : `` children ought to be [revealed] to different theories about how the world started . ''

The Waco mess , however , has exposed the limits of mere honor .
the waco mess , however , has [revealed] the limits of mere honor .

Apparently my plan of throwing out the really good ones has now been exposed .
apparently my plan of throwing out the really good ones has now been [revealed] .

Lawyers for Oviedo , once the army strongman behind Paraguay 's disgraced President Raúl Cubas , said that Oviedo 's plastic surgeon does n't want the general 's scalp exposed to sun or wind for several months .
lawyers for oviedo , once the army strongman behind paraguay 's disgraced president raúl cubas , said that oviedo 's plastic surgeon does n't want the general 's scalp [revealed] to sun or wind for several months .

According to George Will , NATO thereby exposed a `` huge limit on its will , '' i.e. , `` it believes the defense of [ its ] values is important enough to kill for , but not important enough to be killed for . ''
according to george will , nato thereby [revealed] a `` huge limit on its will , '' i.e. , `` it believes the defense of [ its ] values is important enough to kill for , but not important enough to be killed for . ''

One day , one of these men exposed himself to E while she was walking to the store .
one day , one of these men [revealed] himself to e while she was walking to the store .

For him , these wars exposed the political bankruptcy and strategic incompetence not only of Western governments but , even more starkly , of the international do-gooder establishment -- the United Nations , the International Committee of the Red Cross , and the proliferating nongovernmental organizations that provide relief on the ground in times of emergency .
for him , these wars [revealed] the political bankruptcy and strategic incompetence not only of western governments but , even more starkly , of the international do-gooder establishment -- the united nations , the international committee of the red cross , and the proliferating nongovernmental organizations that provide relief on the ground in times of emergency .

Sixty-five-year-old William McHugh was placed on paid leave ( read the letter from FSU President Sandy D'Alemberte to McHugh ) after dropping his shorts to show a female student his hernia scar -- a move that also exposed his genitals .
sixty-five-year-old william mchugh was placed on paid leave ( read the letter from fsu president sandy d'alemberte to mchugh ) after dropping his shorts to show a female student his hernia scar -- a move that also [revealed] his genitals .

Some of these former classmates kept the secret , but a few exposed the passers as frauds .
some of these former classmates kept the secret , but a few [revealed] the passers as frauds .

A couple of years ago , the Colorado DFG decided to go ahead and stock thousands of trout that it knew had been exposed to the disease ; would n't you know it , the disease soon showed up in wild trout in Colorado and other states .
a couple of years ago , the colorado dfg decided to go ahead and stock thousands of trout that it knew had been [revealed] to the disease ; would n't you know it , the disease soon showed up in wild trout in colorado and other states .

In an attempt to humiliate President Clinton , the GOP exposed its `` creeping isolationism '' and reckless willingness to hinder global security for partisan pleasure .
in an attempt to humiliate president clinton , the gop [revealed] its `` creeping isolationism '' and reckless willingness to hinder global security for partisan pleasure .

In an editorial , Asahi Shimbun noted that Japanese civilians had never before been exposed to such radiation from a nuclear facility .
in an editorial , asahi shimbun noted that japanese civilians had never before been [revealed] to such radiation from a nuclear facility .

The incident , which exposed 22 employees to radioactive water , came one week after the worst nuclear accident in Japan 's history .
the incident , which [revealed] 22 employees to radioactive water , came one week after the worst nuclear accident in japan 's history .

The risk to the South Korean workers is reportedly `` negligible , '' but the condition of the 50 Japanese citizens who were exposed remains unclear .
the risk to the south korean workers is reportedly `` negligible , '' but the condition of the 50 japanese citizens who were [revealed] remains unclear .

A related article says the cocaine flap may have exposed W. 's campaign as ill prepared .
a related article says the cocaine flap may have [revealed] w. 's campaign as ill prepared .

Brooks ' best scenes operate on an X-ray level of honesty , so that shortcuts , formulas , easy ways out of dramatic jams -- stuff that slicker filmmakers can get by with -- seem in his work embarrassingly exposed .
brooks ' best scenes operate on an x-ray level of honesty , so that shortcuts , formulas , easy ways out of dramatic jams -- stuff that slicker filmmakers can get by with -- seem in his work embarrassingly [revealed] .

It 's true that the United States , with its endless coastline , vast climatic variation , massive fault lines , and dozens of active volcanoes , is exposed to more than its share of Mother Nature 's fury .
it 's true that the united states , with its endless coastline , vast climatic variation , massive fault lines , and dozens of active volcanoes , is [revealed] to more than its share of mother nature 's fury .

While remarking that Australia had played `` a commendably sensible diplomatic role throughout the latest troubles , '' the Financial Times of London said Monday in an editorial that `` [ t ] he venture has also exposed latent resentment of the potential leadership of Australia in the region , '' particularly from Malaysia , which has refused to take part in the peacekeeping force under Australian command .
while remarking that australia had played `` a commendably sensible diplomatic role throughout the latest troubles , '' the financial times of london said monday in an editorial that `` [ t ] he venture has also [revealed] latent resentment of the potential leadership of australia in the region , '' particularly from malaysia , which has refused to take part in the peacekeeping force under australian command .

On various episodes he is a member , along with Bluebeard and the Grim Reaper , of `` the Jury of the Damned '' ; he takes part in a snake-bludgeoning ( in a scandal exposed by a Bob Woodward book ) ; his enemies list is used for dastardly purposes ; even his dog Checkers is said to be bound for hell .
on various episodes he is a member , along with bluebeard and the grim reaper , of `` the jury of the damned '' ; he takes part in a snake-bludgeoning ( in a scandal [revealed] by a bob woodward book ) ; his enemies list is used for dastardly purposes ; even his dog checkers is said to be bound for hell .

That morning , wondering if he really loved her , she was lounging in her black silk pajamas , her ripe breasts exposed , waiting for his call .
that morning , wondering if he really loved her , she was lounging in her black silk pajamas , her ripe breasts [revealed] , waiting for his call .

As one Web surfer noted : `` The outrage of the freshly exposed readers is refreshing to see . ''
as one web surfer noted : `` the outrage of the freshly [revealed] readers is refreshing to see . ''

As was the case with Reebok , Hilfiger 's pursuit of the minority market has exposed him to a backlash ( it 's probably no accident that Lauren , whose turf he invaded , was cast as the good guy in the Klensch Style story ) .
as was the case with reebok , hilfiger 's pursuit of the minority market has [revealed] him to a backlash ( it 's probably no accident that lauren , whose turf he invaded , was cast as the good guy in the klensch style story ) .

Although it may seem to some like ersatz sophistication , the only way I can find to process the torrent of information to which I find myself constantly exposed is with a trash aesthetic .
although it may seem to some like ersatz sophistication , the only way i can find to process the torrent of information to which i find myself constantly [revealed] is with a trash aesthetic .

Before the Dallas Morning News exposed him as an attempted murderer and he went underground , J.H .
before the dallas morning news [revealed] him as an attempted murderer and he went underground , j.h .

Selecting subjects for ongoing cellular phone studies is a challenge , since the highly exposed population remains relatively small , and many forms of cancer may take years to develop .
selecting subjects for ongoing cellular phone studies is a challenge , since the highly [revealed] population remains relatively small , and many forms of cancer may take years to develop .

We have exposed the counterrevolutionary machinations of Richard Ford and Amy Tan .
we have [revealed] the counterrevolutionary machinations of richard ford and amy tan .

Inside : 'You 've just been exposed to anthrax ! '
inside : 'you 've just been [revealed] to anthrax ! '

Lewis is most exposed in his transcriptions .
lewis is most [revealed] in his transcriptions .

The conceit of government by peaceable consensus was soon exposed as chimerical .
the conceit of government by peaceable consensus was soon [revealed] as chimerical .

In Katsushika Hokusai 's Sudden Wind on a Clear Day ( circa 1830-1832 ) , the wind has exposed the whole sweep of the landscape , and the visible grain of the wood reads as the ridges of the mountainside .
in katsushika hokusai 's sudden wind on a clear day ( circa 1830-1832 ) , the wind has [revealed] the whole sweep of the landscape , and the visible grain of the wood reads as the ridges of the mountainside .

In Italy , the front-line European country into which Albanian refugees will pour if attempts to resolve the Kosovo crisis fail -- and the country most exposed to Serbian military retaliation -- La Repubblica published a front-page comment Monday that was deeply skeptical of the use of force .
in italy , the front-line european country into which albanian refugees will pour if attempts to resolve the kosovo crisis fail -- and the country most [revealed] to serbian military retaliation -- la repubblica published a front-page comment monday that was deeply skeptical of the use of force .

It added that Germany remains exposed to `` the perpetual and human temptation of nationalism '' and has a duty to join in the commemoration .
it added that germany remains [revealed] to `` the perpetual and human temptation of nationalism '' and has a duty to join in the commemoration .

This week , all three have cover stories about plastic surgeon to the stars Dr. Steven Hoefflin ( the man who takes credit for Michael Jackson 's nose ) and whether he exposed and discussed the genitals of his celebrity patients while they were under anesthesia .
this week , all three have cover stories about plastic surgeon to the stars dr. steven hoefflin ( the man who takes credit for michael jackson 's nose ) and whether he [revealed] and discussed the genitals of his celebrity patients while they were under anesthesia .

If you want the entire history of pop music on one single -- the tug between its highest aspirations and its basest instincts -- Sinatra wrapped it up in 1951 : on the B side , `` I 'm a Fool to Want You , '' an almost painfully exposed ballad that today ranks as one of his greatest recordings ; but , on the A side ... yes , `` Mama Will Bark . ''
if you want the entire history of pop music on one single -- the tug between its highest aspirations and its basest instincts -- sinatra wrapped it up in 1951 : on the b side , `` i 'm a fool to want you , '' an almost painfully [revealed] ballad that today ranks as one of his greatest recordings ; but , on the a side ... yes , `` mama will bark . ''

At every opportunity , Whitehead graphically told viewers that Clinton had fondled Jones ' crotch , exposed his genitals , and asked her for oral sex .
at every opportunity , whitehead graphically told viewers that clinton had fondled jones ' crotch , [revealed] his genitals , and asked her for oral sex .

The Star also reports that Hillary decreed the White House was not an underwear-free zone after an intern who favored microminiskirts regularly came to work with her private parts exposed .
the star also reports that hillary decreed the white house was not an underwear-free zone after an intern who favored microminiskirts regularly came to work with her private parts [revealed] .

Polls show most people are n't willing to impeach Clinton over the Lewinsky affair , but they do think he 's been exposed as a liar and cover-up artist .
polls show most people are n't willing to impeach clinton over the lewinsky affair , but they do think he 's been [revealed] as a liar and cover-up artist .

The admission contradicts the CIA 's previous assurances that U.S. soldiers could n't have been exposed to nerve gas , and ( after that assurance proved false ) that the agency had been unaware of chemical weapons in the bunker .
the admission contradicts the cia 's previous assurances that u.s. soldiers could n't have been [revealed] to nerve gas , and ( after that assurance proved false ) that the agency had been unaware of chemical weapons in the bunker .

For me , this case goes well beyond Clinton , and the thing I 'm really glad to see exposed and embarrassed is the time-honored practice of a candidate pandering to an ethnic constituency .
for me , this case goes well beyond clinton , and the thing i 'm really glad to see [revealed] and embarrassed is the time-honored practice of a candidate pandering to an ethnic constituency .

It 's nice to see it exposed so clearly for a change -- not only the fake ethnic leaders , but also the folly of pandering to them , as the Clintons tried to do .
it 's nice to see it [revealed] so clearly for a change -- not only the fake ethnic leaders , but also the folly of pandering to them , as the clintons tried to do .

In the other camp is John Anderson of Newsday , who derides Branagh 's `` antic energy , '' and New York 's Denby , who calls the film `` overscaled , huge , and hideously exposed . ''
in the other camp is john anderson of newsday , who derides branagh 's `` antic energy , '' and new york 's denby , who calls the film `` overscaled , huge , and hideously [revealed] . ''

Newsweek 's story grants that some flaws have been exposed in Willey 's character but asserts that her story regarding her encounter with Clinton ( as told to Newsweek last July ) has remained unchanged .
newsweek 's story grants that some flaws have been [revealed] in willey 's character but asserts that her story regarding her encounter with clinton ( as told to newsweek last july ) has remained unchanged .

The cover story says the Lewinsky case has exposed feminists ' partisan agenda .
the cover story says the lewinsky case has [revealed] feminists ' partisan agenda .

Toxins that have collected at the bottom of the lake would be exposed .
toxins that have collected at the bottom of the lake would be [revealed] .

Tavris says recent revelations that Gulf War troops may indeed have been exposed to chemical weapons belie Showalter 's case .
tavris says recent revelations that gulf war troops may indeed have been [revealed] to chemical weapons belie showalter 's case .

The world 's hottest celebrity is exposed .
the world 's hottest celebrity is [revealed] .

There are doubts about Fossett and Uliassi , who fly in unpressurized gondolas : Their balloons must travel slowly , at lower altitudes , and they are more exposed to the cold .
there are doubts about fossett and uliassi , who fly in unpressurized gondolas : their balloons must travel slowly , at lower altitudes , and they are more [revealed] to the cold .

He and the WJC exposed Kurt Waldheim 's Nazi past in the mid-'80s .
he and the wjc [revealed] kurt waldheim 's nazi past in the mid-'80s .

Recent articles have exposed the magazine 's sorry financial shape : The New Yorker , which Brown promised in 1992 to make profitable by 1997 , lost $ 11 million last year , and its ad sales are stagnating during an economic boom .
recent articles have [revealed] the magazine 's sorry financial shape : the new yorker , which brown promised in 1992 to make profitable by 1997 , lost $ 11 million last year , and its ad sales are stagnating during an economic boom .

As Roseanne Conner , Roseanne turned the pain of poverty into comedy , exposed the absurdities of family life , and punctured the egos of bosses and politicians .
as roseanne conner , roseanne turned the pain of poverty into comedy , [revealed] the absurdities of family life , and punctured the egos of bosses and politicians .

The Sunday Times of London exposed a British dimension to the German crisis when it fronted allegations that Stuart Iddles , a British former vice president of Airbus Industrie , had arranged kickbacks worth millions of dollars to Karlheinz Schreiber , the German businessman at the heart of the scandal , who then passed at least some of the money on to Kohl .
the sunday times of london [revealed] a british dimension to the german crisis when it fronted allegations that stuart iddles , a british former vice president of airbus industrie , had arranged kickbacks worth millions of dollars to karlheinz schreiber , the german businessman at the heart of the scandal , who then passed at least some of the money on to kohl .

They would have the satisfaction of knowing they were breaching it in a way that Willes and his ilk would find unpleasant precisely to the extent that it exposed unpleasant practices .
they would have the satisfaction of knowing they were breaching it in a way that willes and his ilk would find unpleasant precisely to the extent that it [revealed] unpleasant practices .

The software was then exposed to extreme conditions : zero gravity , below-freezing temperatures , peanut butter in the disk drive , elderly grandparents with their first computers , etc .
the software was then [revealed] to extreme conditions : zero gravity , below-freezing temperatures , peanut butter in the disk drive , elderly grandparents with their first computers , etc .

If not , then the jury 's been exposed to the suicide attempt , the controversy about his competency , as well as to the news that the government turned down his offer to plead guilty in return for having his life spared .
if not , then the jury 's been [revealed] to the suicide attempt , the controversy about his competency , as well as to the news that the government turned down his offer to plead guilty in return for having his life spared .

Newly exposed Oval Office Nixon no-nos include : early plans to destroy the tapes , thanking a supporter for supplying funds Nixon knew were being used as hush money for the Watergate burglars , a plot to `` shakedown '' the milk lobby for more campaign contributions , and various schemes to interfere with the Democratic primaries by creating spurious grassroots campaigns for Ted Kennedy and Jesse Jackson .
newly [revealed] oval office nixon no-nos include : early plans to destroy the tapes , thanking a supporter for supplying funds nixon knew were being used as hush money for the watergate burglars , a plot to `` shakedown '' the milk lobby for more campaign contributions , and various schemes to interfere with the democratic primaries by creating spurious grassroots campaigns for ted kennedy and jesse jackson .

Our faces are fur-less and exposed to the world so that they can be read .
our faces are fur-less and [revealed] to the world so that they can be read .

For one thing , as the Miss America people have probably noticed , vast tracts of once-hidden bare skin can now be everywhere exposed : in the public parks , in the buses and subways , in Grand Central Terminal .
for one thing , as the miss america people have probably noticed , vast tracts of once-hidden bare skin can now be everywhere [revealed] : in the public parks , in the buses and subways , in grand central terminal .

The entry of mothers into the work force has exposed them to people across a much wider income range than obtains in the neighborhood .
the entry of mothers into the work force has [revealed] them to people across a much wider income range than obtains in the neighborhood .

As it turns out , Big Tobacco was ambivalent about the safe-cigarette projects because they exposed the industry to an uncomfortable double bind : Making a `` safer '' cigarette is tantamount to confessing that regular cigarettes are dangerous when taken as directed , something the industry had spent billions denying .
as it turns out , big tobacco was ambivalent about the safe-cigarette projects because they [revealed] the industry to an uncomfortable double bind : making a `` safer '' cigarette is tantamount to confessing that regular cigarettes are dangerous when taken as directed , something the industry had spent billions denying .

Many comely youths , on the other hand , look much like Shelley 's portrait , with flowing locks and tender throats exposed above their soft suede suits .
many comely youths , on the other hand , look much like shelley 's portrait , with flowing locks and tender throats [revealed] above their soft suede suits .

In his fine earlier book , Bad Blood , James Jones exposed one of American medicine 's most shameful episodes : the Tuskegee experiment , in which doctors enlisted a group of black men with syphilis and , without their knowledge or consent , withheld treatment so as to observe the natural progress of the disease .
in his fine earlier book , bad blood , james jones [revealed] one of american medicine 's most shameful episodes : the tuskegee experiment , in which doctors enlisted a group of black men with syphilis and , without their knowledge or consent , withheld treatment so as to observe the natural progress of the disease .

A self-righteous tone suffuses this biography : The author clearly feels he has exposed the dirty secrets that inspired his protagonist 's `` crypto '' agenda of reform .
a self-righteous tone suffuses this biography : the author clearly feels he has [revealed] the dirty secrets that inspired his protagonist 's `` crypto '' agenda of reform .

For months , the Internet mailing list Primate-Talk has been flooded with debate over whether Galdikas has allowed her orangutans to grow too dependent on their human caretakers and whether she 's exposed the animals to human diseases .
for months , the internet mailing list primate-talk has been flooded with debate over whether galdikas has allowed her orangutans to grow too dependent on their human caretakers and whether she 's [revealed] the animals to human diseases .

Perhaps the most vocal critic has been Boston University 's John Kidd , who in 1988 also exposed legions of errors in Hans Walter Gabler 's so-called `` Corrected Text '' of Ulysses .
perhaps the most vocal critic has been boston university 's john kidd , who in 1988 also [revealed] legions of errors in hans walter gabler 's so-called `` corrected text '' of ulysses .

The government itself relies on revenue from land sales to finance its budget , while banks are too heavily exposed in property lending to allow any property downturn .
the government itself relies on revenue from land sales to finance its budget , while banks are too heavily [revealed] in property lending to allow any property downturn .

Doesseker was exposed -- his nemesis was another Holocaust memoirist , bitter at his lack of comparable success -- he traveled around the world giving seminars on the memory-recovering techniques that led to his `` discovery '' that he was a Holocaust survivor .
doesseker was [revealed] -- his nemesis was another holocaust memoirist , bitter at his lack of comparable success -- he traveled around the world giving seminars on the memory-recovering techniques that led to his `` discovery '' that he was a holocaust survivor .

Result : too much credence given to incidents exposed elsewhere as hoaxes and illusions .
result : too much credence given to incidents [revealed] elsewhere as hoaxes and illusions .

Pundits agree that by hiring such a `` controversial feminist , '' Gore has embarrassed himself and exposed his personal and political `` confusion . ''
pundits agree that by hiring such a `` controversial feminist , '' gore has embarrassed himself and [revealed] his personal and political `` confusion . ''

The Globe actually trumpeted : `` Exposed !
the globe actually trumpeted : `` [revealed] !

We wondered where on earth there might be people to whom this shocking secret would have to be `` exposed '' -- until the Globe reminded us of that remote research facility in Antarctica from which cancer-stricken researcher Dr. Jerri Nielsen had to be evacuated .
we wondered where on earth there might be people to whom this shocking secret would have to be `` [revealed] '' -- until the globe reminded us of that remote research facility in antarctica from which cancer-stricken researcher dr. jerri nielsen had to be evacuated .

The actor sends up his own preening aloofness , and he has never been more emotionally exposed than when it dawns on him that his smug façade has been literally penetrated .
the actor sends up his own preening aloofness , and he has never been more emotionally [revealed] than when it dawns on him that his smug façade has been literally penetrated .

Skeptical doctors assert that such NDEs are purely physiological ( naval pilots exposed to extreme gravity also have visions of bright lights and a God figure ) .
skeptical doctors assert that such ndes are purely physiological ( naval pilots [revealed] to extreme gravity also have visions of bright lights and a god figure ) .

The piece claims that Ames exposed 25 `` CIA assets '' to the KGB -- more than twice as many as had been reported .
the piece claims that ames [revealed] 25 `` cia assets '' to the kgb -- more than twice as many as had been reported .

The trial has exposed Egyptian paranoia about Israeli sex spies and inflamed already tense relations between the two countries .
the trial has [revealed] egyptian paranoia about israeli sex spies and inflamed already tense relations between the two countries .

Many others were exposed to the toxic , radioactive remains of exploded shells .
many others were [revealed] to the toxic , radioactive remains of exploded shells .

The article recounts Weil 's checkered history : As a Harvard undergraduate , he exposed Timothy Leary 's LSD experiments , but he later did research concluding that marijuana is harmless .
the article recounts weil 's checkered history : as a harvard undergraduate , he [revealed] timothy leary 's lsd experiments , but he later did research concluding that marijuana is harmless .

Many years ago , his older sister was walking in the park when a man exposed himself to her .
many years ago , his older sister was walking in the park when a man [revealed] himself to her .

In so doing , he found himself labeled a `` black conservative '' -- and thereby exposed to new and dangerous seductions .
in so doing , he found himself labeled a `` black conservative '' -- and thereby [revealed] to new and dangerous seductions .

Darger is what is known as an `` outsider '' artist -- which is to say that he did n't receive any formal art training ; was not , during his lifetime , part of the art world ; and was exposed very little , if at all , to traditional art in general .
darger is what is known as an `` outsider '' artist -- which is to say that he did n't receive any formal art training ; was not , during his lifetime , part of the art world ; and was [revealed] very little , if at all , to traditional art in general .

Two of the very late self-portraits have the wartime blackout curtains pulled aside , as though Bonnard is exposed in more ways than one .
two of the very late self-portraits have the wartime blackout curtains pulled aside , as though bonnard is [revealed] in more ways than one .

The way the stunt exposed the conventions of the typical rock show was adept .
the way the stunt [revealed] the conventions of the typical rock show was adept .

Big media strives to be ethical for the same reason big government and big business do : New technology prevents it from controlling information the way it used to , and being exposed by others hurts too much .
big media strives to be ethical for the same reason big government and big business do : new technology prevents it from controlling information the way it used to , and being [revealed] by others hurts too much .

This is tax cuts , so help me God '' ; and 2 ) Bush and John McCain arguing about campaign-finance reform , with McCain defending the compatibility of his reform stance with his recently exposed letter writing to the FCC to force a decision concerning a TV station that one of his major contributors wanted to purchase , and Bush claiming that McCain 's reform would `` hurt the Republican cause . ''
this is tax cuts , so help me god '' ; and 2 ) bush and john mccain arguing about campaign-finance reform , with mccain defending the compatibility of his reform stance with his recently [revealed] letter writing to the fcc to force a decision concerning a tv station that one of his major contributors wanted to purchase , and bush claiming that mccain 's reform would `` hurt the republican cause . ''

Only the unlucky few are publicly exposed .
only the unlucky few are publicly [revealed] .

Far the biggest story in Britain , however , was the disgrace of millionaire novelist Lord Jeffrey Archer , who was forced to resign at the weekend as the chosen Conservative Party candidate for mayor of London after being exposed in the Mirror for using a false alibi in a libel action 12 years ago .
far the biggest story in britain , however , was the disgrace of millionaire novelist lord jeffrey archer , who was forced to resign at the weekend as the chosen conservative party candidate for mayor of london after being [revealed] in the mirror for using a false alibi in a libel action 12 years ago .

Hisashi Ouchi , 35 , was exposed to huge amounts of radiation when he and two colleagues at the Tokaimura uranium processing plant illegally mixed a large quantity of uranium solution in a stainless steel container .
hisashi ouchi , 35 , was [revealed] to huge amounts of radiation when he and two colleagues at the tokaimura uranium processing plant illegally mixed a large quantity of uranium solution in a stainless steel container .

The government-owned plant unwittingly exposed the workers and the environment to small amounts of plutonium , and greatly underestimated the health risks posed by exposure to uranium .
the government-owned plant unwittingly [revealed] the workers and the environment to small amounts of plutonium , and greatly underestimated the health risks posed by exposure to uranium .

It 's happening this week with the revelations about the workers in the federally owned bomb factory in Paducah , Kentucky , who were unknowingly exposed to plutonium for decades .
it 's happening this week with the revelations about the workers in the federally owned bomb factory in paducah , kentucky , who were unknowingly [revealed] to plutonium for decades .

Heading to the beach with Bell may lead to sudden extended bouts of deep sleep that , if you 're not wearing SPF 30 , can cause second-degree burns on exposed skin .
heading to the beach with bell may lead to sudden extended bouts of deep sleep that , if you 're not wearing spf 30 , can cause second-degree burns on [revealed] skin .

We drove for 90 minutes in heavy traffic , the baby howling , the wife attempting to hide her exposed nursing bosom from the driver , and the dog scratching her bottom across the floor of the minivan .
we drove for 90 minutes in heavy traffic , the baby howling , the wife attempting to hide her [revealed] nursing bosom from the driver , and the dog scratching her bottom across the floor of the minivan .

Scars are not all that 's exposed : Flipping through The Sixties you 'll catch glimpses of Warhol superstar Viva 's pregnant belly and fashion model Veruschka 's breasts , as well as ( among others ) dancer Rudolf Nureyev 's penis ( impressive , flaccid ) and satirist Paul Krassner 's ( less so , half-erect ) .
scars are not all that 's [revealed] : flipping through the sixties you 'll catch glimpses of warhol superstar viva 's pregnant belly and fashion model veruschka 's breasts , as well as ( among others ) dancer rudolf nureyev 's penis ( impressive , flaccid ) and satirist paul krassner 's ( less so , half-erect ) .

In the American West , his controversial 1985 exhibition at the Amon Carter Museum in Fort Worth , Texas ( published as a handsome coffee table volume by Abrams ) , features the exposed midriffs and naked torsos of drifters , truck-stop waitresses , and rodeo cowboys .
in the american west , his controversial 1985 exhibition at the amon carter museum in fort worth , texas ( published as a handsome coffee table volume by abrams ) , features the [revealed] midriffs and naked torsos of drifters , truck-stop waitresses , and rodeo cowboys .

The more Robin is exposed , the more ham is served . ''
the more robin is [revealed] , the more ham is served . ''

He puts their characters ' backs against the wall , then gives them speeches full of free associations and Freudian slips , so that they 're suddenly exposed -- and terrified by their nakedness .
he puts their characters ' backs against the wall , then gives them speeches full of free associations and freudian slips , so that they 're suddenly [revealed] -- and terrified by their nakedness .

I love everything she does , but I wish that Jordan had n't left her so exposed .
i love everything she does , but i wish that jordan had n't left her so [revealed] .

Nonetheless , Daniel Ortega and the boys deserve some credit for a censorship policy that prevented their countrymen from being exposed to Oliver 's Story , which they saw as an example of class betrayal ( a heroic working-class girl takes a place in the ruling class ) and Annie Hall ( too occupied with the trivial problems of the petite bourgeoisie ) .
nonetheless , daniel ortega and the boys deserve some credit for a censorship policy that prevented their countrymen from being [revealed] to oliver 's story , which they saw as an example of class betrayal ( a heroic working-class girl takes a place in the ruling class ) and annie hall ( too occupied with the trivial problems of the petite bourgeoisie ) .

The Independent of London said the Cox report exposed `` an almost inconceivably sloppy attitude '' to security by the United States and showed `` how difficult the West now finds it to deal with an economically and politically resurgent China . ''
the independent of london said the cox report [revealed] `` an almost inconceivably sloppy attitude '' to security by the united states and showed `` how difficult the west now finds it to deal with an economically and politically resurgent china . ''

She was in a car with two work mates on their way to an outside broadcast location in Spain when the disc jockey beside her pulled up her bikini top and their companion , Kara Noble , a radio presenter , took a picture of her with a breast exposed .
she was in a car with two work mates on their way to an outside broadcast location in spain when the disc jockey beside her pulled up her bikini top and their companion , kara noble , a radio presenter , took a picture of her with a breast [revealed] .

Nato would be exposed as a sham , and its military threat no more than posturing .
nato would be [revealed] as a sham , and its military threat no more than posturing .

Thus shielded , she has never looked so exposed .
thus shielded , she has never looked so [revealed] .

The flaws in their reasoning are easily exposed , and I find that no matter how gently I state my case , I make compelling arguments that frustrate and intimidate my talking partners .
the flaws in their reasoning are easily [revealed] , and i find that no matter how gently i state my case , i make compelling arguments that frustrate and intimidate my talking partners .

The Independent of London exposed its bleeding heart by filling its entire front page with a picture of two families of refugees under the headline : `` This is the reality of the war .
the independent of london [revealed] its bleeding heart by filling its entire front page with a picture of two families of refugees under the headline : `` this is the reality of the war .

This past week , the Pentagon admitted that as many as 20,000 U.S. troops were exposed to nerve gas during the Gulf War , and the New York Times reported that Czech soldiers in the Gulf detected toxins `` wafting over unprotected American troops . ''
this past week , the pentagon admitted that as many as 20,000 u.s. troops were [revealed] to nerve gas during the gulf war , and the new york times reported that czech soldiers in the gulf detected toxins `` wafting over unprotected american troops . ''

The revelation that some troops were , in fact , exposed to toxic gases does not settle the case .
the revelation that some troops were , in fact , [revealed] to toxic gases does not settle the case .

Last spring the Pentagon reversed its long-standing denial that troops had been exposed to toxins while destroying Iraqi chemical weapons .
last spring the pentagon reversed its long-standing denial that troops had been [revealed] to toxins while destroying iraqi chemical weapons .

Officials now admit that , in March 1991 , troops were exposed to low levels of the nerve gas sarin when an Army battalion destroyed an Iraqi ammunitions depot .
officials now admit that , in march 1991 , troops were [revealed] to low levels of the nerve gas sarin when an army battalion destroyed an iraqi ammunitions depot .

Initial estimates of 400 soldiers exposed were increased to 20,000 , based on a CIA computer model of the gas cloud 's drift .
initial estimates of 400 soldiers [revealed] were increased to 20,000 , based on a cia computer model of the gas cloud 's drift .

Moreover , they have not found any increase in illness among Gulf veterans as a whole or among those exposed to the proposed agents .
moreover , they have not found any increase in illness among gulf veterans as a whole or among those [revealed] to the proposed agents .

For example , the engineers of the battalion exposed to sarin showed no higher illness rates than others .
for example , the engineers of the battalion [revealed] to sarin showed no higher illness rates than others .

The story would get out and the Official Secrets Act would be exposed as a farce in the age of cyberspace .
the story would get out and the official secrets act would be [revealed] as a farce in the age of cyberspace .

The national media consoled themselves by arguing that 1 ) turnout was low , except among Christian conservatives ; 2 ) James made a last-minute racial appeal by airing an ad that paired Blount with black Birmingham Mayor Richard Arrington ; 3 ) the primary exposed and exacerbated the national Republican feud between social and economic conservatives ; and 4 ) the Democratic gubernatorial nominee will capitalize on this in November .
the national media consoled themselves by arguing that 1 ) turnout was low , except among christian conservatives ; 2 ) james made a last-minute racial appeal by airing an ad that paired blount with black birmingham mayor richard arrington ; 3 ) the primary [revealed] and exacerbated the national republican feud between social and economic conservatives ; and 4 ) the democratic gubernatorial nominee will capitalize on this in november .

With Jones `` staring him in the face , '' he reportedly testified that he had n't exposed himself to her and did n't recall meeting her .
with jones `` staring him in the face , '' he reportedly testified that he had n't [revealed] himself to her and did n't recall meeting her .

What we secretly like about fashion is seeing it perennially exposed in daring , costly , ridiculous , delicious , televised runway shows full of mobile , passive , perfect girls .
what we secretly like about fashion is seeing it perennially [revealed] in daring , costly , ridiculous , delicious , televised runway shows full of mobile , passive , perfect girls .

Groden thought 10 frames were gone , but the stakes on `` missing frames '' have since risen : One pair of critics now theorizes that three times as many frames were exposed as we see today , that two-thirds of the `` original '' film has been removed .
groden thought 10 frames were gone , but the stakes on `` missing frames '' have since risen : one pair of critics now theorizes that three times as many frames were [revealed] as we see today , that two-thirds of the `` original '' film has been removed .

Islamic women were then simply following standard ancient-world custom , which required that the head be veiled when the woman was outdoors and that the body never be exposed except in private .
islamic women were then simply following standard ancient-world custom , which required that the head be veiled when the woman was outdoors and that the body never be [revealed] except in private .

Only after European fashion hit its stride in the 16 th century , with women flaunting sculptured curls , rouged cheeks , and exposed chests in public , did the veiled Arab lady begin to look so alien , so alluring , and eventually so infuriating to Western sensibilities .
only after european fashion hit its stride in the 16 th century , with women flaunting sculptured curls , rouged cheeks , and [revealed] chests in public , did the veiled arab lady begin to look so alien , so alluring , and eventually so infuriating to western sensibilities .

A tiny box on the NYT front informs readers that a Pentagon/CIA study concludes that 100,000 American soldiers may have been exposed to nerve gas during the Gulf War .
a tiny box on the nyt front informs readers that a pentagon/cia study concludes that 100,000 american soldiers may have been [revealed] to nerve gas during the gulf war .

She filed suit against Clinton in 1994 , charging that Clinton had exposed himself to her .
she filed suit against clinton in 1994 , charging that clinton had [revealed] himself to her .

Your vaunted individuality is exposed as nothing but a pixel in the big picture of the money boys .
your vaunted individuality is [revealed] as nothing but a pixel in the big picture of the money boys .

They say 20 percent to 30 percent of those newly infected are carrying forms of the virus resistant to one of the 13 different medicines used in the combination-drug therapy most successful in treating AIDS , and that perhaps 10 percent are being exposed to viruses resistant to at least two of those drugs .
they say 20 percent to 30 percent of those newly infected are carrying forms of the virus resistant to one of the 13 different medicines used in the combination-drug therapy most successful in treating aids , and that perhaps 10 percent are being [revealed] to viruses resistant to at least two of those drugs .

It must be said that the days when every schoolchild was ( at least ) exposed to classical mythology and the Great Books have been superseded by an obsession with education applicable only to commercial pursuits , the syndrome reflected in , Why do I have to study Chaucer and Shakespeare to become a car mechanic or an astronaut ?
it must be said that the days when every schoolchild was ( at least ) [revealed] to classical mythology and the great books have been superseded by an obsession with education applicable only to commercial pursuits , the syndrome reflected in , why do i have to study chaucer and shakespeare to become a car mechanic or an astronaut ?

If one denies something , is it possible that the denial , that is , the lie , could be exposed ?
if one denies something , is it possible that the denial , that is , the lie , could be [revealed] ?

If the diskette is placed in the slot of the machine , a motor engages the center of the disk inside and spins it around at a great speed so that portions of it are exposed through its oblong slot , allowing them to be “ read ” by some device inside the box .
if the diskette is placed in the slot of the machine , a motor engages the center of the disk inside and spins it around at a great speed so that portions of it are [revealed] through its oblong slot , allowing them to be “ read ” by some device inside the box .

That is , the doctor is not supposed to express his loathing or disgust at the manifestations of some horrible affliction , nor is it deemed proper for him to assume an accusatory posture reflected in expressions like , What a fool you are for having exposed yourself to the Malay waste-away !
that is , the doctor is not supposed to express his loathing or disgust at the manifestations of some horrible affliction , nor is it deemed proper for him to assume an accusatory posture reflected in expressions like , what a fool you are for having [revealed] yourself to the malay waste-away !

In many cases , it must be acknowledged , the speaker or writer has not been exposed to the opportunities that would enable him to distinguish between what is regarded as standard usage versus nonstandard , hence , it might be said that he is not responsible for using nonstandard English .
in many cases , it must be acknowledged , the speaker or writer has not been [revealed] to the opportunities that would enable him to distinguish between what is regarded as standard usage versus nonstandard , hence , it might be said that he is not responsible for using nonstandard english .

Not only do they know the words and phrases , to which they have been exposed through travel , tourists , movies , television , reading , and ordinary commerce -- the properly descriptive word , intercourse , comes to mind only to be suppressed -- but they use them , sometimes as free variants , sometimes with specialized meanings : there are some who might say that a truck is different from a lorry , but practice varies .
not only do they know the words and phrases , to which they have been [revealed] through travel , tourists , movies , television , reading , and ordinary commerce -- the properly descriptive word , intercourse , comes to mind only to be suppressed -- but they use them , sometimes as free variants , sometimes with specialized meanings : there are some who might say that a truck is different from a lorry , but practice varies .

In the “ good old days , ” when the system was presumably better , many books on usage were also published , so one must conclude that although students then might have been “ exposed ” to grammar and usage , they did not learn it .
in the “ good old days , ” when the system was presumably better , many books on usage were also published , so one must conclude that although students then might have been “ [revealed] ” to grammar and usage , they did not learn it .

What I am getting at is that more and more people today seem to be less and less aware of any but their own way of using the language , either because they are no longer exposed to the writings of great authors , or because they are not taught grammar and usage and style , or both .
what i am getting at is that more and more people today seem to be less and less aware of any but their own way of using the language , either because they are no longer [revealed] to the writings of great authors , or because they are not taught grammar and usage and style , or both .

Because they are short—some reduced to only one syllable—such words are not immediately apparent as compounds , and their true nature is exposed only by word archaeology .
because they are short—some reduced to only one syllable—such words are not immediately apparent as compounds , and their true nature is [revealed] only by word archaeology .

In other words , there are some who believe that we might be well advised to attend to what Milton , Donne , Dryden , Jefferson , Franklin , Lincoln , Byron , Shelley , Keats , Austen , Alcott , Dickens , and thousands of others have contributed to the molding of the language in all its reflexes and who find it difficult to understand the usefulness to be derived from an analysis of idle telephone and flatmate conversations , student essays read by no one other than the instructor charged with their marking , business letters read by no one other than their ( individual ) recipients , non-printed examination scripts exposed to nobody , social letters , classroom lessons , business transactions ( between , for example , architect and 2 clients and solicitor and client ) , and so on .
in other words , there are some who believe that we might be well advised to attend to what milton , donne , dryden , jefferson , franklin , lincoln , byron , shelley , keats , austen , alcott , dickens , and thousands of others have contributed to the molding of the language in all its reflexes and who find it difficult to understand the usefulness to be derived from an analysis of idle telephone and flatmate conversations , student essays read by no one other than the instructor charged with their marking , business letters read by no one other than their ( individual ) recipients , non-printed examination scripts [revealed] to nobody , social letters , classroom lessons , business transactions ( between , for example , architect and 2 clients and solicitor and client ) , and so on .

All persons bathing in any waters exposed to view from any wharf , street , public place , or dwelling-house in the Municipal District of Manly , before the hour of 7.30 in the morning and after the hour of 8 o'clock in the evening , shall be attired in proper bathing costume covering the body from neck to the knee .
all persons bathing in any waters [revealed] to view from any wharf , street , public place , or dwelling-house in the municipal district of manly , before the hour of 7.30 in the morning and after the hour of 8 o'clock in the evening , shall be attired in proper bathing costume covering the body from neck to the knee .

Obnoxious means , or rather meant , ` exposed or liable to harm , vulnerable . '
obnoxious means , or rather meant , ` [revealed] or liable to harm , vulnerable . '

To those who have been exposed , in the etymology of the above word , to the information that “ macassar oil , [ was ] formerly a pomade for the hair , ” the following advertisement may prove of interest :
to those who have been [revealed] , in the etymology of the above word , to the information that “ macassar oil , [ was ] formerly a pomade for the hair , ” the following advertisement may prove of interest :

A very large percentage of quiz shows consist of testing the participants ' abilities to recognize familiar things , like identifying the pattern K -- K -- - -- -K -- as kick the bucket before too many letters have been exposed .
a very large percentage of quiz shows consist of testing the participants ' abilities to recognize familiar things , like identifying the pattern k -- k -- - -- -k -- as kick the bucket before too many letters have been [revealed] .

We have here a delightfully constructed catch-22 : if you do n't study your grammar you 're uneducated ; if you do , you 've been exposed to a proper education by your kindly school system ; but when you use one of your grammar book 's dreadfully improper constructions as a model , you place yourself in the class of the obviously simple-minded , whose opinions are irrelevant .
we have here a delightfully constructed catch-22 : if you do n't study your grammar you 're uneducated ; if you do , you 've been [revealed] to a proper education by your kindly school system ; but when you use one of your grammar book 's dreadfully improper constructions as a model , you place yourself in the class of the obviously simple-minded , whose opinions are irrelevant .

Fortunate , too , are those who were given the opportunities of being exposed to teachers who were not too busy or lazy to assign weekly essays and to mark them for style as well as for grammar and mechanics .
fortunate , too , are those who were given the opportunities of being [revealed] to teachers who were not too busy or lazy to assign weekly essays and to mark them for style as well as for grammar and mechanics .

There is a whole class of Italian surnames that were given to foundlings , including variations of Trovato ( trovato past participle of trovare to find ; trovatello foundling ) , Proietto ( proietto ejected or rejected ) , Innocenti , and Nocenti ( given to all children taken into Florence 's Spedale degli Innocenti orphanage ; the name was also given to those who were innocent of evil , or simple-minded ) , Ignoto ( ignoto unknown ) , and Esposito or Sposito ( esposto exposed ) , which de Felice has found to be the most common name in Naples .
there is a whole class of italian surnames that were given to foundlings , including variations of trovato ( trovato past participle of trovare to find ; trovatello foundling ) , proietto ( proietto ejected or rejected ) , innocenti , and nocenti ( given to all children taken into florence 's spedale degli innocenti orphanage ; the name was also given to those who were innocent of evil , or simple-minded ) , ignoto ( ignoto unknown ) , and esposito or sposito ( esposto [revealed] ) , which de felice has found to be the most common name in naples .

If the diskette is placed in the slot of the machine , a motor engages the center of the disk inside and spins it around at a great speed so that portions of it are exposed as they pass by the oblong slot , allowing them to be “ written on ” or “ read ” by some device inside the box .
if the diskette is placed in the slot of the machine , a motor engages the center of the disk inside and spins it around at a great speed so that portions of it are [revealed] as they pass by the oblong slot , allowing them to be “ written on ” or “ read ” by some device inside the box .

Laurence Urdang Lunatic Lovers of Language Readers of science fiction have occasionally been exposed to invented words and languages used by extraterrestrials .
laurence urdang lunatic lovers of language readers of science fiction have occasionally been [revealed] to invented words and languages used by extraterrestrials .

There are not a lot of prime ministers , presidents , and queens about -- at least , not that we are exposed to continually in the media -- and it would be a bit ludicrous to read about “ Margaret Thatcher , a prime minister , ” etc .
there are not a lot of prime ministers , presidents , and queens about -- at least , not that we are [revealed] to continually in the media -- and it would be a bit ludicrous to read about “ margaret thatcher , a prime minister , ” etc .

