He is at his usual best in exposing the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties .
he is at his usual best in [revealing] the shams and self-deceptions of political and diplomatic life in the fifties .

Nor did the Trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-Semitism to the Nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states .
nor did the trial devote much attention to [revealing] the usefulness of anti-semitism to the nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states .

She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done .
she was [revealing] herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done .

While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough , Thomas , on Sherman's instructions , ordered Slocum , now commanding the Twentieth Corps , to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack .
while the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at jonesborough , thomas , on sherman's instructions , ordered slocum , now commanding the twentieth corps , to make an effort to occupy atlanta if he could do so without [revealing] his bridgehead to a counterattack .

Vicious thugs had speared him leaving a gaping wound exposing the bone .
vicious thugs had speared him leaving a gaping wound [revealing] the bone .

Teachers ' leaders have expressed concern in the past at the risks to which teachers are exposing themselves if things go wrong , not just the risk to life and limb , but in terms of the extent of their legal responsibility for doing work which is outwith paid requirements .
teachers ' leaders have expressed concern in the past at the risks to which teachers are [revealing] themselves if things go wrong , not just the risk to life and limb , but in terms of the extent of their legal responsibility for doing work which is outwith paid requirements .

Lord Spens said he wished to continue with the trial as he was confident of undermining the prosecution and exposing Argyll 's tactics in the battle .
lord spens said he wished to continue with the trial as he was confident of undermining the prosecution and [revealing] argyll 's tactics in the battle .

She also failed to notice the board had hired a teacher with convictions for exposing himself to schoolgirls , or ask why a probationary principal was still in place despite pleading guilty to a $ 21,000 welfare scam .
she also failed to notice the board had hired a teacher with convictions for [revealing] himself to schoolgirls , or ask why a probationary principal was still in place despite pleading guilty to a $ 21,000 welfare scam .

She is , of course , renowned for her critical essays punctuated with cusses on the male of the species and does n't spare the blushes or the punches when exposing them to ridicule .
she is , of course , renowned for her critical essays punctuated with cusses on the male of the species and does n't spare the blushes or the punches when [revealing] them to ridicule .

Trying an idea out on somebody is a very good way of exposing flaws in your argument , and in fact if we look at the present energy debate , so much of it is concerned with interpretation which one would have thought , taking a simple view of science , were just factual matters that we realize that this discussion of science is perhaps more difficult than people would imagine , so there is opportunity in the course to try and help students to become more fluent in scientific discussion , discussion of scientific ideas between themselves , and of their own ideas about science .
trying an idea out on somebody is a very good way of [revealing] flaws in your argument , and in fact if we look at the present energy debate , so much of it is concerned with interpretation which one would have thought , taking a simple view of science , were just factual matters that we realize that this discussion of science is perhaps more difficult than people would imagine , so there is opportunity in the course to try and help students to become more fluent in scientific discussion , discussion of scientific ideas between themselves , and of their own ideas about science .

Dr John Bromley admitted exposing two-year-old John Storey to a hazardous substance .
dr john bromley admitted [revealing] two-year-old john storey to a hazardous substance .

On April 1st , the Kaiser — publicly exposing the German hand for the first time — declared : ‘ The decision of the War of 1870 took place in Paris .
on april 1st , the kaiser — publicly [revealing] the german hand for the first time — declared : ‘ the decision of the war of 1870 took place in paris .

Fat women may not feel confident about exposing their bodies in those ways traditionally associated with eroticism .
fat women may not feel confident about [revealing] their bodies in those ways traditionally associated with eroticism .

When exposing the board to ultra-violet light , we are attempting to ‘ turn ’ the etch-resist throughout the depth of the layer of the ink .
when [revealing] the board to ultra-violet light , we are attempting to ‘ turn ’ the etch-resist throughout the depth of the layer of the ink .

But he may well have kicked up another by exposing the eight other Test-playing nations .
but he may well have kicked up another by [revealing] the eight other test-playing nations .

They can double or treble the two-match suspension and £1,800 fine that Northants imposed immediately on skipper Lamb for exposing the ball-fiddle by speaking out without his county 's permission .
they can double or treble the two-match suspension and £1,800 fine that northants imposed immediately on skipper lamb for [revealing] the ball-fiddle by speaking out without his county 's permission .

They are disgusted with a decision which must kill off the all-important chance of exposing a form of cheating that has spread with alarming haste as bowlers find ways of getting the old ball to swing violently late .
they are disgusted with a decision which must kill off the all-important chance of [revealing] a form of cheating that has spread with alarming haste as bowlers find ways of getting the old ball to swing violently late .

He has been fined for exposing a wrong that England and Pakistan seemed happier keeping under the carpet .
he has been fined for [revealing] a wrong that england and pakistan seemed happier keeping under the carpet .

The Test and County Cricket Board acted only hours after fining Allan Lamb five times as much for exposing Pakistan as ball-gouging cheats .
the test and county cricket board acted only hours after fining allan lamb five times as much for [revealing] pakistan as ball-gouging cheats .

My congratulations to the Daily Mirror for exposing the horrors in Britain 's safari parks .
my congratulations to the daily mirror for [revealing] the horrors in britain 's safari parks .

Nurses are now encouraged to exercise their professional judgement in safe-guarding the interests of individual patients and clients , and for some this means exposing poor management and refusing to carry out instructions which they believe to be against the interests of their patients/clients .
nurses are now encouraged to exercise their professional judgement in safe-guarding the interests of individual patients and clients , and for some this means [revealing] poor management and refusing to carry out instructions which they believe to be against the interests of their patients/clients .

Aquib shrugged off the flashpoint at Lord 's that led to Allan Lamb exposing Pakistan as cheats .
aquib shrugged off the flashpoint at lord 's that led to allan lamb [revealing] pakistan as cheats .

The Minister of Fun was likened to an ostrich which buried its head in the sand ‘ thereby exposing its thinking parts . ’
the minister of fun was likened to an ostrich which buried its head in the sand ‘ thereby [revealing] its thinking parts . ’

Going on tour , exposing yourself to the best that there is , painful as it might be , is the only way to get better .
going on tour , [revealing] yourself to the best that there is , painful as it might be , is the only way to get better .

Next week we could be warning , exposing , or revealing the truth about anything from holidays to your spring bulbs .
next week we could be warning , [revealing] , or revealing the truth about anything from holidays to your spring bulbs .

If law is to be used as ‘ an instrument for casting an alternative political vote by exposing the decision making process to contending views of public necessity ’ ( Lewis and Harden , 1982 , p. 68 ) , the most obvious way in which such an aim might be pursued is through the development of a test case strategy .
if law is to be used as ‘ an instrument for casting an alternative political vote by [revealing] the decision making process to contending views of public necessity ’ ( lewis and harden , 1982 , p. 68 ) , the most obvious way in which such an aim might be pursued is through the development of a test case strategy .

But while the Christian sees doubt as useful only in the preliminary stages of exposing what he should not believe , some humanists go much further .
but while the christian sees doubt as useful only in the preliminary stages of [revealing] what he should not believe , some humanists go much further .

However , if it is just a matter of not liking the doctor , or of finding his attitude casual , there would be no point in exposing your elderly parent to the trauma of a ‘ post-mortem ’ on the death of their doctor/patient relationship .
however , if it is just a matter of not liking the doctor , or of finding his attitude casual , there would be no point in [revealing] your elderly parent to the trauma of a ‘ post-mortem ’ on the death of their doctor/patient relationship .

At the first sign of rot the vigneron removes some of the outer foliage , exposing the vine to the drying effect of direct sunlight and improved aeration , and sprays with copper sulphate .
at the first sign of rot the vigneron removes some of the outer foliage , [revealing] the vine to the drying effect of direct sunlight and improved aeration , and sprays with copper sulphate .

During retroussage the mouton is raised , exposing the squashed mass of grapes which are then scooped into a pile in the centre of the maie using blunt wooden shovels called pelles .
during retroussage the mouton is raised , [revealing] the squashed mass of grapes which are then scooped into a pile in the centre of the maie using blunt wooden shovels called pelles .

The shabby coat that had once been old Mr Jarman 's strained across his broad shoulders , the short sleeves exposing a good length of arm ; the hands looking bigger than ever .
the shabby coat that had once been old mr jarman 's strained across his broad shoulders , the short sleeves [revealing] a good length of arm ; the hands looking bigger than ever .

The episode was better forgotten , he thought ; he would not risk exposing Grégoire to Louise 's unkindness again .
the episode was better forgotten , he thought ; he would not risk [revealing] grégoire to louise 's unkindness again .

Michael Herd examines the influence of the media on sport , exposing the tabloid papers for what they are , and identifying money as a recurring culprit .
michael herd examines the influence of the media on sport , [revealing] the tabloid papers for what they are , and identifying money as a recurring culprit .

Quite a simple procedure , the worst of it being a blue paper nightie that fastens down the back , exposing the cellulite to a firm-buttocked young operator .
quite a simple procedure , the worst of it being a blue paper nightie that fastens down the back , [revealing] the cellulite to a firm-buttocked young operator .

They 're going to help keep the helmet in place , at the same time exposing the aurii to the full .
they 're going to help keep the helmet in place , at the same time [revealing] the aurii to the full .

Some men delight in exposing their private parts to unsuspecting passers-by , before disappearing back into the bushes which protect them .
some men delight in [revealing] their private parts to unsuspecting passers-by , before disappearing back into the bushes which protect them .

Nevertheless his career reveals the strong point of a ‘ heroic ’ view of evil , the weak point of a Boethian one : if you regard evil as something internal , to be pitied , more harmful to the malefactor than the victim , you may be philosophically consistent but you may also be exposing others to sacrifices to which they have not consented ( like being murdered by Viking ravagers or , as The Lord of the Rings was being written , being herded into gas-chambers ) .
nevertheless his career reveals the strong point of a ‘ heroic ’ view of evil , the weak point of a boethian one : if you regard evil as something internal , to be pitied , more harmful to the malefactor than the victim , you may be philosophically consistent but you may also be [revealing] others to sacrifices to which they have not consented ( like being murdered by viking ravagers or , as the lord of the rings was being written , being herded into gas-chambers ) .

Donna remembered with sorrow the number of humiliations she had endured from her in school , and the thought of exposing the contents of the parcel she was carrying to such a merciless judge unnerved her .
donna remembered with sorrow the number of humiliations she had endured from her in school , and the thought of [revealing] the contents of the parcel she was carrying to such a merciless judge unnerved her .

Her face was still turned into the cushion , her dress twisted tightly round her generous curves , the skirt hitched up and exposing her plump , well-shaped legs .
her face was still turned into the cushion , her dress twisted tightly round her generous curves , the skirt hitched up and [revealing] her plump , well-shaped legs .

Feminist research involves exposing the ways in which the ‘ male-as-norm ’ principle operates in political and sociological analysis , rejecting arbitrary divisions between the moral and the political , re-evaluating women 's contributions as ‘ private ’ persons to political life and an awareness that women 's ‘ restraint ’ in traditional areas of political activity may be a rational response to the nature of their political environment .
feminist research involves [revealing] the ways in which the ‘ male-as-norm ’ principle operates in political and sociological analysis , rejecting arbitrary divisions between the moral and the political , re-evaluating women 's contributions as ‘ private ’ persons to political life and an awareness that women 's ‘ restraint ’ in traditional areas of political activity may be a rational response to the nature of their political environment .

Can such an approach produce change in psychology , or is it confined to exposing the endless subtle differences between signifiers and signifieds ?
can such an approach produce change in psychology , or is it confined to [revealing] the endless subtle differences between signifiers and signifieds ?

Inevitably , then , the two spheres of politics and journalism converged : those active in both spheres were engaging in similar activities by constantly exposing themselves , their ideas and their work to public scrutiny .
inevitably , then , the two spheres of politics and journalism converged : those active in both spheres were engaging in similar activities by constantly [revealing] themselves , their ideas and their work to public scrutiny .

Exposing rat cortex to the same stain produces uniform , moderately dense , labelling in the primary visual area .
[revealing] rat cortex to the same stain produces uniform , moderately dense , labelling in the primary visual area .

You can ring the changes by exposing the aggregate and creating a rough surface texture if you find a smooth finish uninspiring .
you can ring the changes by [revealing] the aggregate and creating a rough surface texture if you find a smooth finish uninspiring .

This feminist critique is aimed at exposing the hidden political agenda of social science , its underlying motivation for the endless ferreting out of differences .
this feminist critique is aimed at [revealing] the hidden political agenda of social science , its underlying motivation for the endless ferreting out of differences .

In suggesting the rule is an inalienable part of the language , Dale Spender ironically assists those she criticises in making their sexism look natural , when she ought to be exposing it as a cultural construct .
in suggesting the rule is an inalienable part of the language , dale spender ironically assists those she criticises in making their sexism look natural , when she ought to be [revealing] it as a cultural construct .

We can not simply appeal to ‘ reality ’ and ‘ truth , as Miller and Swift do ; we can not root out prejudice by fiat nor make sexism disappear just by exposing it ; we have even less power to control what people say or mean than the prescriptivist defenders of sexist convention .
we can not simply appeal to ‘ reality ’ and ‘ truth , as miller and swift do ; we can not root out prejudice by fiat nor make sexism disappear just by [revealing] it ; we have even less power to control what people say or mean than the prescriptivist defenders of sexist convention .

Thus , using arguments which are , in effect , the same as the criticisms levelled against nationalised industries , it is claimed that privatisation leads to greater competition and efficiency , by exposing the privatised firms to market forces .
thus , using arguments which are , in effect , the same as the criticisms levelled against nationalised industries , it is claimed that privatisation leads to greater competition and efficiency , by [revealing] the privatised firms to market forces .

D'Arcy had opened her up , exposing her raw emotions , giving no quarter and taking none .
d'arcy had opened her up , [revealing] her raw emotions , giving no quarter and taking none .

If , in defence of your own attitudes , you do n't wish to examine them and believe that they are fixed , it 's not worth exposing yourself and listening to anything that might make you think differently .
if , in defence of your own attitudes , you do n't wish to examine them and believe that they are fixed , it 's not worth [revealing] yourself and listening to anything that might make you think differently .

This does n't mean exposing yourself so that you become vulnerable .
this does n't mean [revealing] yourself so that you become vulnerable .

The gold covering may be flaking away , exposing the white plaster , or gesso , underneath .
the gold covering may be flaking away , [revealing] the white plaster , or gesso , underneath .

‘ That you ’ Means the identity of the person exposing himself or herself .
‘ that you ’ means the identity of the person [revealing] himself or herself .

‘ That you ’ Proof of the identity of an accused exposing his/her person may be difficult and apart from an admission a witness is required to say that the man/woman in the court dock is the person who exposed their person .
‘ that you ’ proof of the identity of an accused [revealing] his/her person may be difficult and apart from an admission a witness is required to say that the man/woman in the court dock is the person who exposed their person .

‘ That you ’ Means the identity of the person exposing himself .
‘ that you ’ means the identity of the person [revealing] himself .

It rules out any accidental exposure and exposing to males .
it rules out any accidental exposure and [revealing] to males .

‘ That you ’ Means the identity of the person exposing himself .
‘ that you ’ means the identity of the person [revealing] himself .

He has shown courage in exposing himself in public to the danger .
he has shown courage in [revealing] himself in public to the danger .

The aim for multinationals is to maximise the value of interest deductions in high tax operating companies , by exposing the interest paid to minimal tax , often in offshore , or offshore-equivalent locations .
the aim for multinationals is to maximise the value of interest deductions in high tax operating companies , by [revealing] the interest paid to minimal tax , often in offshore , or offshore-equivalent locations .

Similarly , early reproduction may impair survival or future fertility , by consuming resources , causing somatic damage or exposing the organism to environmental injury : there is a ‘ cost of reproduction ’ .
similarly , early reproduction may impair survival or future fertility , by consuming resources , causing somatic damage or [revealing] the organism to environmental injury : there is a ‘ cost of reproduction ’ .

Lately , however , academics have taken to exposing the whole business as a farrago of fantasies and errors .
lately , however , academics have taken to [revealing] the whole business as a farrago of fantasies and errors .

Even Ramon Escovar , the attorney-general who brought his alleged wrongdoing before the Supreme Court , grudgingly acknowledges that Mr Perez has helped to fight corruption by exposing the long-sheltered state sector to more open inspection and greater competition .
even ramon escovar , the attorney-general who brought his alleged wrongdoing before the supreme court , grudgingly acknowledges that mr perez has helped to fight corruption by [revealing] the long-sheltered state sector to more open inspection and greater competition .

Japan 's opposition Social Democratic Party is unlikely to let the government avoid an argument about exposing Japanese to even more danger .
japan 's opposition social democratic party is unlikely to let the government avoid an argument about [revealing] japanese to even more danger .

The metaphor of covering and exposing falseness ( as used by Isabella , we recall ) describes the whole career of the hypocrite within literary form .
the metaphor of covering and [revealing] falseness ( as used by isabella , we recall ) describes the whole career of the hypocrite within literary form .

From discussions with dealers , the central topic was the continuing importance of the fair as a forum for exposing new or foreign artists and for making contacts with collectors and curators , even if gallerists did not reap immediate sales from the latter .
from discussions with dealers , the central topic was the continuing importance of the fair as a forum for [revealing] new or foreign artists and for making contacts with collectors and curators , even if gallerists did not reap immediate sales from the latter .

Not only exposing her soul in her music but , unwittingly , her underwear as well .
not only [revealing] her soul in her music but , unwittingly , her underwear as well .

Hence , the Listening Test can be said to measure students ' communicative ability by exposing them to the kind of authentic misunderstandings which have occurred in real situations .
hence , the listening test can be said to measure students ' communicative ability by [revealing] them to the kind of authentic misunderstandings which have occurred in real situations .

Ion Pacepa , Ceauşescu 's chief intelligence officer who defected in 1978 , takes particular pleasure in his memoirs in exposing Stefan Andrei as both corrupt but also as well aware of the absurdity of the Ceauşescus ' pretensions , especially Elena 's academic titles .
ion pacepa , ceauşescu 's chief intelligence officer who defected in 1978 , takes particular pleasure in his memoirs in [revealing] stefan andrei as both corrupt but also as well aware of the absurdity of the ceauşescus ' pretensions , especially elena 's academic titles .

Exposing oneself to the night can not only have a powerful personal effect , but , in modern cities , be very dangerous for a woman .
[revealing] oneself to the night can not only have a powerful personal effect , but , in modern cities , be very dangerous for a woman .

Important labour figures such as Tom McCarthy , Sidney Webb and Clementina Black spoke of the use of buyer power to improve working conditions , and handbills were distributed exposing the damage inflicted by sweated trades ( Llewellyn Davies 1904 ) .
important labour figures such as tom mccarthy , sidney webb and clementina black spoke of the use of buyer power to improve working conditions , and handbills were distributed [revealing] the damage inflicted by sweated trades ( llewellyn davies 1904 ) .

As they reached the middle landing where Joan stood in the shadows , as if by tacit consent the men paused for a brief rest , placing lantern and sack-shrouded burden on the floor . As they did so , part of the sacking fell away , exposing its contents to view …
as they reached the middle landing where joan stood in the shadows , as if by tacit consent the men paused for a brief rest , placing lantern and sack-shrouded burden on the floor . as they did so , part of the sacking fell away , [revealing] its contents to view …

On the one hand , the Daily Mirror story had the important ingredient of television stars and the alleged exploitation of children in their front-page exclusive story , headlined Stars in Child Porn Probe , while on the other hand , more routinely , there are the very brief items in the local newspapers where the local police use the newspaper like a bulletin board to warn the local neighbourhood about a local nuisance who insists upon exposing himself .
on the one hand , the daily mirror story had the important ingredient of television stars and the alleged exploitation of children in their front-page exclusive story , headlined stars in child porn probe , while on the other hand , more routinely , there are the very brief items in the local newspapers where the local police use the newspaper like a bulletin board to warn the local neighbourhood about a local nuisance who insists upon [revealing] himself .

His face and neck were burnt a dark-scarlet colour and patches had peeled , exposing bright pink lesions underneath , but he seemed not to notice .
his face and neck were burnt a dark-scarlet colour and patches had peeled , [revealing] bright pink lesions underneath , but he seemed not to notice .

Meg watched , horrified , as Ben scrabbled past her , the boat swaying violently , and tore at the teacher 's pau , exposing his chest .
meg watched , horrified , as ben scrabbled past her , the boat swaying violently , and tore at the teacher 's pau , [revealing] his chest .

Patrick walked to her and pulled her red wool dress over her head , exposing her tiny naked breasts that had never really needed a brassiere , and her lower body , encased in black tights .
patrick walked to her and pulled her red wool dress over her head , [revealing] her tiny naked breasts that had never really needed a brassiere , and her lower body , encased in black tights .

Most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of Marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in Bourdieu 's Outline of a Theory of Practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby exposing the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .
most importantly , they fail to acknowledge the genuine lessons of marx 's work , as , for example , reflected in bourdieu 's outline of a theory of practice ( 1977 ) , in which the significance of artefacts is seen to consist in their simultaneous operation in both the material and cognitive worlds , thereby [revealing] the artificiality of a dichotomous approach .

Thus while standards were relaxed , this was accompanied by less tolerance of their breach , compliance being expected in 95 per cent , rather than 75 per cent , of samples : ‘ exposing ourselves five per cent of the time ’ , as a senior man put it , thinking of his agency 's sewage works .
thus while standards were relaxed , this was accompanied by less tolerance of their breach , compliance being expected in 95 per cent , rather than 75 per cent , of samples : ‘ [revealing] ourselves five per cent of the time ’ , as a senior man put it , thinking of his agency 's sewage works .

By exposing the process , Fan on opened the way to the sort of anti-essentialist understanding of racial categories that is the theme of this book .
by [revealing] the process , fan on opened the way to the sort of anti-essentialist understanding of racial categories that is the theme of this book .

Other signs of possible trouble are when Koi ‘ flick ’ or ‘ flash ’ against objects in the pond exposing their lighter underparts with a characteristic glint ; or when they repeatedly leap clear of the water .
other signs of possible trouble are when koi ‘ flick ’ or ‘ flash ’ against objects in the pond [revealing] their lighter underparts with a characteristic glint ; or when they repeatedly leap clear of the water .

Stating at the end of the month or year that a set number of child welfare visits were achieved seems less exposing of one 's abilities than filling in a form stating what percentage of parents who received programme visits are reading to their babies , playing games with them and what nutritional and health targets have been met .
stating at the end of the month or year that a set number of child welfare visits were achieved seems less [revealing] of one 's abilities than filling in a form stating what percentage of parents who received programme visits are reading to their babies , playing games with them and what nutritional and health targets have been met .

Finally , in lighter vein , modern scientists would have no difficulty in exposing the falsity of an entry in honest Kepler 's notebook , following observations through a Galilean , telescope , which reads , ‘ Mars is square and intensely coloured ’ .
finally , in lighter vein , modern scientists would have no difficulty in [revealing] the falsity of an entry in honest kepler 's notebook , following observations through a galilean , telescope , which reads , ‘ mars is square and intensely coloured ’ .

The decline of the natural jet industry was hastened by the invention of an artificial substitute , ebonite or vulcanite , made by exposing india-rubber and sulphur to intense heat .
the decline of the natural jet industry was hastened by the invention of an artificial substitute , ebonite or vulcanite , made by [revealing] india-rubber and sulphur to intense heat .

Hellenistic craftsmen concentrated much more intensively on exposing the surface of prominent white bands and carving one or more in relief using the intermediate darker zones to throw their images into stronger relief .
hellenistic craftsmen concentrated much more intensively on [revealing] the surface of prominent white bands and carving one or more in relief using the intermediate darker zones to throw their images into stronger relief .

The river has cut down through 6,000 feet of the Colorado Plateau , exposing a quarter of the earth 's geological history .
the river has cut down through 6,000 feet of the colorado plateau , [revealing] a quarter of the earth 's geological history .

Even a seventeen-year-old schoolboy in a French lycée was documented because his father and grandfather were involved in exposing the executions of the Cossacks after Yalta .
even a seventeen-year-old schoolboy in a french lycée was documented because his father and grandfather were involved in [revealing] the executions of the cossacks after yalta .

‘ You never had any intention of exposing Court — that would have happened at once if you 'd intended it .
‘ you never had any intention of [revealing] court — that would have happened at once if you 'd intended it .

The main effort in this theory is concentrated on exposing the logical superfluousness of the idea of substance as a `` metaphysical substratum `` , which still lingers on in — and complicates — Leibniz 's conception of the monad .
the main effort in this theory is concentrated on [revealing] the logical superfluousness of the idea of substance as a `` metaphysical substratum `` , which still lingers on in — and complicates — leibniz 's conception of the monad .

The new array of problems that we are now confronting highlights the complexity of the task in hand , while at the same time exposing the inherent weaknesses and the general philosophical insufficiency of an object-oriented ontological approach to the `` problem of reality `` , the categorial basis of which has been the subject of the past three chapters .
the new array of problems that we are now confronting highlights the complexity of the task in hand , while at the same time [revealing] the inherent weaknesses and the general philosophical insufficiency of an object-oriented ontological approach to the `` problem of reality `` , the categorial basis of which has been the subject of the past three chapters .

All dose dat die exposing lies
all dose dat die [revealing] lies

Since friars were the pre-eminent preachers of the time they were particularly enlisted to explain , in public and private sermons , the legitimacy of the king 's claim on the French crown and to stress his almost superhuman efforts to avoid conflict ; preachers were to elaborate on French treachery , exposing their ‘ derogatory lies ’ .
since friars were the pre-eminent preachers of the time they were particularly enlisted to explain , in public and private sermons , the legitimacy of the king 's claim on the french crown and to stress his almost superhuman efforts to avoid conflict ; preachers were to elaborate on french treachery , [revealing] their ‘ derogatory lies ’ .

One hope might be that a satisfactory account of what knowledge is would have the effect of exposing errors in the sceptic 's reasoning .
one hope might be that a satisfactory account of what knowledge is would have the effect of [revealing] errors in the sceptic 's reasoning .

Whereas in a spoken interaction the speaker has the advantage of being able to monitor his listener 's minute-by-minute reaction to what he says , he also suffers from the disadvantage of exposing his own feelings ( 'leaking ' ; Ekman & Friesen , 1969 ) and of having to speak clearly and concisely and make immediate response to whichever way his interlocutor reacts .
whereas in a spoken interaction the speaker has the advantage of being able to monitor his listener 's minute-by-minute reaction to what he says , he also suffers from the disadvantage of [revealing] his own feelings ( 'leaking ' ; ekman & friesen , 1969 ) and of having to speak clearly and concisely and make immediate response to whichever way his interlocutor reacts .

One species of beetle in Brazil , when alarmed , immediately folds up its legs and flattens itself sideways , exposing its white underside and so takes on the appearance of a bird dropping .
one species of beetle in brazil , when alarmed , immediately folds up its legs and flattens itself sideways , [revealing] its white underside and so takes on the appearance of a bird dropping .

His trouser-leg had fallen back , exposing the elasticated suspender circling his diamond-mottled calf .
his trouser-leg had fallen back , [revealing] the elasticated suspender circling his diamond-mottled calf .

‘ conspired amongst themselves and others to defraud the plaintiffs , and with intent to injure the plaintiffs , by a scheme for extracting moneys from the plaintiffs by way of inflated valuations and percentage fees and commission payments based upon such inflated valuations and by otherwise exposing the plaintiffs to liabilities , and calculated to make a profit for themselves … and/or companies in which the same were interested … by false representations , including forged and/or fraudulently altered and/or concealed loan application documentation by [ the third defendant ] .
‘ conspired amongst themselves and others to defraud the plaintiffs , and with intent to injure the plaintiffs , by a scheme for extracting moneys from the plaintiffs by way of inflated valuations and percentage fees and commission payments based upon such inflated valuations and by otherwise [revealing] the plaintiffs to liabilities , and calculated to make a profit for themselves … and/or companies in which the same were interested … by false representations , including forged and/or fraudulently altered and/or concealed loan application documentation by [ the third defendant ] .

In fact , the plastic or cloth covering can come apart , exposing the foam padding .
in fact , the plastic or cloth covering can come apart , [revealing] the foam padding .

The luxurious long black hair was caught up in another sleek French plait , exposing a smooth high forehead and expertly plucked eyebrows …
the luxurious long black hair was caught up in another sleek french plait , [revealing] a smooth high forehead and expertly plucked eyebrows …

The soft violet chiffon fell to her waist , exposing creamy gold breasts to his view , high and proud above the narrow line of her ribcage , their tips rose-brown and tight with longing .
the soft violet chiffon fell to her waist , [revealing] creamy gold breasts to his view , high and proud above the narrow line of her ribcage , their tips rose-brown and tight with longing .

The choice would be whether to draw one pair of curtains to stack back on the walls beside the windows , thus exposing the corner , or to have two separate pairs of curtains that draw from the centre of each window and thereby cover the corner area with fabric .
the choice would be whether to draw one pair of curtains to stack back on the walls beside the windows , thus [revealing] the corner , or to have two separate pairs of curtains that draw from the centre of each window and thereby cover the corner area with fabric .

Such plants produce significant radionuclides ( uranium and daughters , thorium and daughters ) from coal of various origins and in slag and fly-ash , exposing people to external radiation ( from discharged material deposited on the ground ) and to internal radiation ( from the material inhaled ) .
such plants produce significant radionuclides ( uranium and daughters , thorium and daughters ) from coal of various origins and in slag and fly-ash , [revealing] people to external radiation ( from discharged material deposited on the ground ) and to internal radiation ( from the material inhaled ) .

For social scientists trained in empirical inquiry this means that the whole theory is invalid because it can never be invalidated by exposing it to analysis in the ‘ real ’ world .
for social scientists trained in empirical inquiry this means that the whole theory is invalid because it can never be invalidated by [revealing] it to analysis in the ‘ real ’ world .

Exposing fruit flies to X-rays or certain chemicals produces mutations , many of them lethal , as a result of which the flies can not survive at all .
[revealing] fruit flies to x-rays or certain chemicals produces mutations , many of them lethal , as a result of which the flies can not survive at all .

Dramatic as imprinting is as a form of learning , it suffered from my point of view from the problem that for a bird to become imprinted requires exposing it to the stimulus , the flashing light or whatever , for a couple of hours ; memory builds up slowly over that time , and so the cellular changes that are going on during the period inevitably intermingle the effects of learning and of visual stimulation with those of memory formation .
dramatic as imprinting is as a form of learning , it suffered from my point of view from the problem that for a bird to become imprinted requires [revealing] it to the stimulus , the flashing light or whatever , for a couple of hours ; memory builds up slowly over that time , and so the cellular changes that are going on during the period inevitably intermingle the effects of learning and of visual stimulation with those of memory formation .

The Ark of Noah , before it found its final resting-place , had struck the summit of Sippan Dagh and removed its cap , thereby exposing the inner fires of the earth .
the ark of noah , before it found its final resting-place , had struck the summit of sippan dagh and removed its cap , thereby [revealing] the inner fires of the earth .

By exposing the story of the silencing of women which underlies Herodotus 's project , the novel demonstrates that ‘ originary myths ’ are at the heart of factual descriptions about the world , and that in this sense women , by virtue of their historical ties with the discourses of fiction , have a privileged relation to the voice of knowledge .
by [revealing] the story of the silencing of women which underlies herodotus 's project , the novel demonstrates that ‘ originary myths ’ are at the heart of factual descriptions about the world , and that in this sense women , by virtue of their historical ties with the discourses of fiction , have a privileged relation to the voice of knowledge .

The noises we hear about the need to extend the war aims are mainly excuses for not knowing quite how to get Saddam out of Kuwait without exposing allied soldiers to Iraqi machine guns .
the noises we hear about the need to extend the war aims are mainly excuses for not knowing quite how to get saddam out of kuwait without [revealing] allied soldiers to iraqi machine guns .

And why are British women afraid of exposing themselves ?
and why are british women afraid of [revealing] themselves ?

Why British women live in fear of exposing themselves . By Vanessa Feltz
why british women live in fear of [revealing] themselves . by vanessa feltz

Evangelical religion furnished Hopkins with a powerful rhetoric to arouse mass meetings and personally motivated her to embark on a public career exposing immorality .
evangelical religion furnished hopkins with a powerful rhetoric to arouse mass meetings and personally motivated her to embark on a public career [revealing] immorality .

The tidal waters beneath were low , exposing slick grey mudbanks which would be swallowed during the afternoon .
the tidal waters beneath were low , [revealing] slick grey mudbanks which would be swallowed during the afternoon .

But indirectly the growing public awareness of science and its potential shaped the professionals ' world by exposing it to the rough and tumble of political life .
but indirectly the growing public awareness of science and its potential shaped the professionals ' world by [revealing] it to the rough and tumble of political life .

It was a great , pot-bellied thing , its slender spire like an afterthought tagged on untidily , the smooth curve of its central surface pocked where the plaster had fallen away in places , exposing the brickwork .
it was a great , pot-bellied thing , its slender spire like an afterthought tagged on untidily , the smooth curve of its central surface pocked where the plaster had fallen away in places , [revealing] the brickwork .

Karr slit the Advocate 's tunic open , exposing the flesh , then , leaning right over the body , he dug deeply into the flesh , drawing the blade across the corpse 's chest .
karr slit the advocate 's tunic open , [revealing] the flesh , then , leaning right over the body , he dug deeply into the flesh , drawing the blade across the corpse 's chest .

He closed the door and went across , pulling the sheet back slowly , careful not to wake her , exposing the fullness of her rump , the elegance of her back .
he closed the door and went across , pulling the sheet back slowly , careful not to wake her , [revealing] the fullness of her rump , the elegance of her back .

Slowly , carefully , he drew back the sheet , letting it slip from her body , exposing her nakedness .
slowly , carefully , he drew back the sheet , letting it slip from her body , [revealing] her nakedness .

The car rolled over on to its back with a grinding crash , exposing beneath it the bloodied meat of the two policemen who had been supervising the cordon .
the car rolled over on to its back with a grinding crash , [revealing] beneath it the bloodied meat of the two policemen who had been supervising the cordon .

The metal tore into his flesh , ripping it away , slicing effortlessly through skin and muscles , exposing a portion of the middle-finger knuckle .
the metal tore into his flesh , ripping it away , slicing effortlessly through skin and muscles , [revealing] a portion of the middle-finger knuckle .

Is it a matter of exposing students to some kind of culturally rich material ( like the American ‘ great works ’ approach ) or is it more a matter of a particular educational experience ?
is it a matter of [revealing] students to some kind of culturally rich material ( like the american ‘ great works ’ approach ) or is it more a matter of a particular educational experience ?

And it legitimately widens the scope of who can count as an academic peer : no longer can peer review amount to a cosy chat among academics sharing but not exposing taken-for-granted assumptions .
and it legitimately widens the scope of who can count as an academic peer : no longer can peer review amount to a cosy chat among academics sharing but not [revealing] taken-for-granted assumptions .

Practically , it means that students have to become used to expressing a point of view and exposing it to the critical evaluation of their peers , and in this way take on the ethical demands of rationality .
practically , it means that students have to become used to expressing a point of view and [revealing] it to the critical evaluation of their peers , and in this way take on the ethical demands of rationality .

On the one hand , the questions are oriented towards exposing the discipline , bringing into the open its hidden character .
on the one hand , the questions are oriented towards [revealing] the discipline , bringing into the open its hidden character .

Dexter was pulling the last layer of bandages away , using the scissors to snip off any loose pieces , exposing the face beneath .
dexter was pulling the last layer of bandages away , using the scissors to snip off any loose pieces , [revealing] the face beneath .

Prominent amongst these was the Eye-Witness , an erratic , often brilliant weekly , which prided itself on exposing corruption in high places and advocating a wider distribution of property based on broadly Christian principles , or distributism .
prominent amongst these was the eye-witness , an erratic , often brilliant weekly , which prided itself on [revealing] corruption in high places and advocating a wider distribution of property based on broadly christian principles , or distributism .

he provided crucial assistance to Parnell in exposing Richard Pigott [ q.v . ]
he provided crucial assistance to parnell in [revealing] richard pigott [ q.v . ]

Her dress shifted a little , exposing an inch or two of cleavage .
her dress shifted a little , [revealing] an inch or two of cleavage .

Her gown was low cut , exposing creamy shoulders and the shadow between her breasts , and there was a slim chain about her white neck from which a single gem hung like a firelit star .
her gown was low cut , [revealing] creamy shoulders and the shadow between her breasts , and there was a slim chain about her white neck from which a single gem hung like a firelit star .

Until that moment he had not felt uncomfortable exposing his face , or even certain parts of his body , in the company of the other Ixmaritians in the house .
until that moment he had not felt uncomfortable [revealing] his face , or even certain parts of his body , in the company of the other ixmaritians in the house .

Alfred 's shirt was tom from the collar down the front exposing his thin , bony chest covered with long grey hairs .
alfred 's shirt was tom from the collar down the front [revealing] his thin , bony chest covered with long grey hairs .

’ He had pulled up the sleeve of his jersey , exposing a powerful arm covered with reddish hairs .
’ he had pulled up the sleeve of his jersey , [revealing] a powerful arm covered with reddish hairs .

In one celebrated case in 1975 , a colonel with a penchant for spanking unsuspecting women sued the `` Sunday People `` for exposing his activities ; he was awarded a derisory halfpenny .
in one celebrated case in 1975 , a colonel with a penchant for spanking unsuspecting women sued the `` sunday people `` for [revealing] his activities ; he was awarded a derisory halfpenny .

The former interpretation highlights the role played by texts in the socio-cultural processes whereby conventions and ideologies are transmitted or subverted , while the latter points to the possibility of describing and exposing such processes by means of linguistic analysis , which is the central purpose of the papers collected in the volume .
the former interpretation highlights the role played by texts in the socio-cultural processes whereby conventions and ideologies are transmitted or subverted , while the latter points to the possibility of describing and [revealing] such processes by means of linguistic analysis , which is the central purpose of the papers collected in the volume .

All at once , though she was fighting it , she was overwhelmingly conscious of how dark and wild-looking and exciting he was , with his black hair spilling in curls over his ears and forehead , the short-sleeved T-shirt exposing the mahogany of his arms and the slim white trousers moulding the muscular lines of his legs .
all at once , though she was fighting it , she was overwhelmingly conscious of how dark and wild-looking and exciting he was , with his black hair spilling in curls over his ears and forehead , the short-sleeved t-shirt [revealing] the mahogany of his arms and the slim white trousers moulding the muscular lines of his legs .

People whove seen the previous few matches all seemed to agree Rocky faded badly and as a result was exposing Kelly a little too much .
people whove seen the previous few matches all seemed to agree rocky faded badly and as a result was [revealing] kelly a little too much .

She swallowed convulsively , steeling herself against the humiliation of exposing her true feelings .
she swallowed convulsively , steeling herself against the humiliation of [revealing] her true feelings .

He said that they both loved ‘ exposing the bogus and pretentious ’ .
he said that they both loved ‘ [revealing] the bogus and pretentious ’ .

‘ We did both love exposing the bogus and pretentious .
‘ we did both love [revealing] the bogus and pretentious .

There were problems about so blatantly exposing homosexuality on the air .
there were problems about so blatantly [revealing] homosexuality on the air .

To be cuddled , old dogs exposing our privates ,
to be cuddled , old dogs [revealing] our privates ,

If consent is needed any purported transfer by the vendor may be a repudiatory breach of that contract by the vendor exposing the vendor to a claim for damages from its customer and possibly a claim by the purchaser against the vendor if the customer treats the contract as terminated particularly if the vendor warranted that no consents were needed .
if consent is needed any purported transfer by the vendor may be a repudiatory breach of that contract by the vendor [revealing] the vendor to a claim for damages from its customer and possibly a claim by the purchaser against the vendor if the customer treats the contract as terminated particularly if the vendor warranted that no consents were needed .

The Nuclear Installations Inspectorate has strongly criticized British Nuclear Fuels over an incident at the newly-opened Sellafield vitrification plant in September last year , when access doors were left open , exposing workers to risks of severe radiation .
the nuclear installations inspectorate has strongly criticized british nuclear fuels over an incident at the newly-opened sellafield vitrification plant in september last year , when access doors were left open , [revealing] workers to risks of severe radiation .

Sir , there is everything to be gained from exposing a charlatan . ``
sir , there is everything to be gained from [revealing] a charlatan . ``

The fire-bellied toad , when alarmed , suddenly throws itself on its back , so exposing its underside which blazes with a yellow and black pattern , a colour combination which is widely recognised in the animal world as a warning .
the fire-bellied toad , when alarmed , suddenly throws itself on its back , so [revealing] its underside which blazes with a yellow and black pattern , a colour combination which is widely recognised in the animal world as a warning .

This passed and on 6 August the first bomb was dropped on Hiroshima , killing outright some 80 000 people and exposing many thousands more to the longer-term but not less deadly effects of radiation .
this passed and on 6 august the first bomb was dropped on hiroshima , killing outright some 80 000 people and [revealing] many thousands more to the longer-term but not less deadly effects of radiation .

When the dam had collected enough water behind it , it was smashed apart letting tons of water race down the gillside to scour out the bed of the stream , exposing the lead-bearing rocks .
when the dam had collected enough water behind it , it was smashed apart letting tons of water race down the gillside to scour out the bed of the stream , [revealing] the lead-bearing rocks .

Yes , he is more interested in exposing hypocrisy than in making arty art , but there 's a need for that too .
yes , he is more interested in [revealing] hypocrisy than in making arty art , but there 's a need for that too .

Prices have come down by between 30 % and 50 % but dealers are simply not exposing major works which they know will not find a buyer and may become unsaleable as a consequence .
prices have come down by between 30 % and 50 % but dealers are simply not [revealing] major works which they know will not find a buyer and may become unsaleable as a consequence .

In exposing this it is possible to begin to see how and where the female perspective might usefully be introduced .
in [revealing] this it is possible to begin to see how and where the female perspective might usefully be introduced .

Unidroit gave an admirable lead in this respect many years ago in relation to the Leasing and Factoring Conventions , not merely by involving the requisite international leasing-and-factoring organizations in its deliberations from an early stage but also by exposing drafts of the proposed Conventions to critical examination at seminars for professionals in a number of different countries .
unidroit gave an admirable lead in this respect many years ago in relation to the leasing and factoring conventions , not merely by involving the requisite international leasing-and-factoring organizations in its deliberations from an early stage but also by [revealing] drafts of the proposed conventions to critical examination at seminars for professionals in a number of different countries .

But while ‘ Deliverance ’ was a 70 's nightmare , exposing the soft-underbelly of the male ego and leaving the survivors weeping in their soup , ‘ City Slickers ’ is a product of the new-man 90 's , where the soft underbelly is a source of pride .
but while ‘ deliverance ’ was a 70 's nightmare , [revealing] the soft-underbelly of the male ego and leaving the survivors weeping in their soup , ‘ city slickers ’ is a product of the new-man 90 's , where the soft underbelly is a source of pride .

The professional and personal uncertainties she suffers on the way up give heart to this novel , which is at its best exposing the machinations of editorial top brass .
the professional and personal uncertainties she suffers on the way up give heart to this novel , which is at its best [revealing] the machinations of editorial top brass .

We will also show you how to win at dieting by exposing some of the easiest traps to fall into .
we will also show you how to win at dieting by [revealing] some of the easiest traps to fall into .

Two black Honda scramblers were parked close to the workbench and her first thought was to put them out of action , but she doubted whether she could get in a clear shot without exposing her head .
two black honda scramblers were parked close to the workbench and her first thought was to put them out of action , but she doubted whether she could get in a clear shot without [revealing] her head .

Robertson is the twenty-three-year-old secretary of the Bruges Group , the all-party pressure group he founded while still an Oxford undergraduate , and which is dedicated to exposing the terrors of federalism within the European Community .
robertson is the twenty-three-year-old secretary of the bruges group , the all-party pressure group he founded while still an oxford undergraduate , and which is dedicated to [revealing] the terrors of federalism within the european community .

Short brunette hair exposing a dry and poor scalp .
short brunette hair [revealing] a dry and poor scalp .

She undid her denim shirt , exposing her pale breasts .
she undid her denim shirt , [revealing] her pale breasts .

‘ They executed some of their men by exposing them to nerve gas .
‘ they executed some of their men by [revealing] them to nerve gas .

When coal dust is inhaled , particles are cleared by the cilia of the respiratory mucosa into the pharynx , where they are swallowed thereby exposing the upper gastrointestinal mucosa to these compounds contained in the dust .
when coal dust is inhaled , particles are cleared by the cilia of the respiratory mucosa into the pharynx , where they are swallowed thereby [revealing] the upper gastrointestinal mucosa to these compounds contained in the dust .

Cathy switched on the studio lights , further exposing its tattiness but adding to its intimacy .
cathy switched on the studio lights , further [revealing] its tattiness but adding to its intimacy .

Also urgent , as he served her tea and she sat up in the bed , exposing her small breasts without a thought .
also urgent , as he served her tea and she sat up in the bed , [revealing] her small breasts without a thought .

Apparently , an unseasonable deluge had washed away a section of river bank , exposing the perfectly preserved carcass of a woolly mammoth .
apparently , an unseasonable deluge had washed away a section of river bank , [revealing] the perfectly preserved carcass of a woolly mammoth .

This book is courageous in exposing the violation of women at the hands of medical and scientific practitioners , in placing this medical malpractice n social and feminist contexts , and in showing that all women will be effected by reproductive technology if it is allowed to go on .
this book is courageous in [revealing] the violation of women at the hands of medical and scientific practitioners , in placing this medical malpractice n social and feminist contexts , and in showing that all women will be effected by reproductive technology if it is allowed to go on .

They spill the beans , exposing the practice for what it is .
they spill the beans , [revealing] the practice for what it is .

Earlier this year The Women 's Environmental network produced a report exposing the dangers we all face from using tampons and sanitary towels .
earlier this year the women 's environmental network produced a report [revealing] the dangers we all face from using tampons and sanitary towels .

And it is exposing the region 's old nationalisms , which in the past have been crushed by force .
and it is [revealing] the region 's old nationalisms , which in the past have been crushed by force .

More than three years had already passed , and further delays could only risk exposing the government to exactly the charges now being levelled against it .
more than three years had already passed , and further delays could only risk [revealing] the government to exactly the charges now being levelled against it .

He devised a crude but effective way of exposing fossils from the rough rock .
he devised a crude but effective way of [revealing] fossils from the rough rock .

In exercising the 12th veto of his presidency , Bush stated that it was necessary to maintain the prohibitions of the Hatch Act in order `` to preserve the impartial , evenhanded conduct of government business `` , and to avoid exposing civil servants to `` unstated but enormous pressure to participate in partisan political activity `` .
in exercising the 12th veto of his presidency , bush stated that it was necessary to maintain the prohibitions of the hatch act in order `` to preserve the impartial , evenhanded conduct of government business `` , and to avoid [revealing] civil servants to `` unstated but enormous pressure to participate in partisan political activity `` .

Then Satan 's upper lip lifted , exposing the big gleaming incisors , as a growl rumbled deep in his chest , and the three big Dobermans leapt forward in unison .
then satan 's upper lip lifted , [revealing] the big gleaming incisors , as a growl rumbled deep in his chest , and the three big dobermans leapt forward in unison .

In retrospect , the public expenditure crisis of the early and mid-1970s appears to have been mainly due to high inflation exposing weaknesses in the Plowden structure of volume planning .
in retrospect , the public expenditure crisis of the early and mid-1970s appears to have been mainly due to high inflation [revealing] weaknesses in the plowden structure of volume planning .

Vindictive , yes , but no more than he deserved , and worth the moral cost to herself just for the pleasure of exposing him .
vindictive , yes , but no more than he deserved , and worth the moral cost to herself just for the pleasure of [revealing] him .

He gave a short dry laugh , exposing sharp teeth . ‘ Oh , we like to believe we understand ! Suppose we have never understood one single thing of the world about us and inside us ? Suppose we have lived in utter darkness and only believed that darkness was light ? ’
he gave a short dry laugh , [revealing] sharp teeth . ‘ oh , we like to believe we understand ! suppose we have never understood one single thing of the world about us and inside us ? suppose we have lived in utter darkness and only believed that darkness was light ? ’

Root definitions are particularly useful in exposing different views .
root definitions are particularly useful in [revealing] different views .

It could even be of benefit by exposing parts of leaves that would normally be hidden .
it could even be of benefit by [revealing] parts of leaves that would normally be hidden .

These bleaching creams usually contain hydroquinone , a photographic chemical which peels off the natural top layer of the skin , exposing the body to harmful radiation .
these bleaching creams usually contain hydroquinone , a photographic chemical which peels off the natural top layer of the skin , [revealing] the body to harmful radiation .

Stretching her brown , barefooted legs out in front of her and exposing half of her thighs , Melody gave Seb what he had come to think of as one of her ‘ looks ’ .
stretching her brown , barefooted legs out in front of her and [revealing] half of her thighs , melody gave seb what he had come to think of as one of her ‘ looks ’ .

The young innocent buckles his lip at the rain exposing little lime green tablets of teeth .
the young innocent buckles his lip at the rain [revealing] little lime green tablets of teeth .

After all , fitzAlan had n't seemed to worry about exposing her to the elements .
after all , fitzalan had n't seemed to worry about [revealing] her to the elements .

She felt the heat so the idea of swimming appealed to her but she was shy of exposing her swelled body in a bathing costume .
she felt the heat so the idea of swimming appealed to her but she was shy of [revealing] her swelled body in a bathing costume .

From where he was lying , he could neither go forwards nor backwards without exposing himself as a target .
from where he was lying , he could neither go forwards nor backwards without [revealing] himself as a target .

Superficial contentment was stripped away , exposing the raw resentment beneath , because she knew he did n't mean it seriously .
superficial contentment was stripped away , [revealing] the raw resentment beneath , because she knew he did n't mean it seriously .

But if it is due to a small proportion of an impurity it can usually be dealt with by careful purification or by exposing the sample to the laser beam for some time ( a process called photo-bleaching ) .
but if it is due to a small proportion of an impurity it can usually be dealt with by careful purification or by [revealing] the sample to the laser beam for some time ( a process called photo-bleaching ) .

Flushed , lit from within , with her copper hair softly spread over her bare shoulders , she was exposing more flesh than she had realised .
flushed , lit from within , with her copper hair softly spread over her bare shoulders , she was [revealing] more flesh than she had realised .

She stood stock-still and pursed her lips , her eyes taking in the powerful build of this stranger , tall and athletic-looking , with his faded T-shirt exposing strong , tanned arms . Now who the hell was this guy ?
she stood stock-still and pursed her lips , her eyes taking in the powerful build of this stranger , tall and athletic-looking , with his faded t-shirt [revealing] strong , tanned arms . now who the hell was this guy ?

With one swift , violent movement he tore off her bikini top , exposing her breasts to his gaze .
with one swift , violent movement he tore off her bikini top , [revealing] her breasts to his gaze .

Just when the struggle is most important , my intervention may draw pupils back to earlier parts of their investigation , perhaps even exposing unsuspected or overlooked difficulties , and leave them feeling that they are getting nowhere .
just when the struggle is most important , my intervention may draw pupils back to earlier parts of their investigation , perhaps even [revealing] unsuspected or overlooked difficulties , and leave them feeling that they are getting nowhere .

’ she said , and she pulled her habit this way and that , exposing every fold .
’ she said , and she pulled her habit this way and that , [revealing] every fold .

His sentence , of four years in prison with one year 's deprivation of political rights , took into consideration his repentance and his assistance in `` exposing `` others , the court said .
his sentence , of four years in prison with one year 's deprivation of political rights , took into consideration his repentance and his assistance in `` [revealing] `` others , the court said .

He asked the `` Palestinian Arabs `` to `` renounce violence and terrorism … stop exposing your children to danger by sending them to throw bombs and stones at soldiers and civilians `` .
he asked the `` palestinian arabs `` to `` renounce violence and terrorism … stop [revealing] your children to danger by sending them to throw bombs and stones at soldiers and civilians `` .

Shbeilat was one of Jordan 's most popular politicians who had achieved prominence by exposing high-level corruption .
shbeilat was one of jordan 's most popular politicians who had achieved prominence by [revealing] high-level corruption .

The first exposes the limitations of modern medical practice , often exposing its claims to scientific status as dubious .
the first exposes the limitations of modern medical practice , often [revealing] its claims to scientific status as dubious .

Turning to feminist analyses , their strength lies in exposing the effects of gender relations and ideologies on women as producers and consumers of health care .
turning to feminist analyses , their strength lies in [revealing] the effects of gender relations and ideologies on women as producers and consumers of health care .

The fabliaux , however , show very much less interest in exposing the wickedness of the tricksters than in ridiculing the tricked .
the fabliaux , however , show very much less interest in [revealing] the wickedness of the tricksters than in ridiculing the tricked .

New dating techniques had been developed and these were used on Piltdown Man so exposing him as a fraud .
new dating techniques had been developed and these were used on piltdown man so [revealing] him as a fraud .

The above cell volume regulatory mechanisms have usually been demonstrated by suddenly exposing cells to large changes in medium osmolality .
the above cell volume regulatory mechanisms have usually been demonstrated by suddenly [revealing] cells to large changes in medium osmolality .

By exposing mucosal homogenates to pH 8.0 pepsinogen remains stable but inactive and will regain full activity when reexposed to pH 2.0 , the pH conventionally used in pepsin assays in vitro .
by [revealing] mucosal homogenates to ph 8.0 pepsinogen remains stable but inactive and will regain full activity when reexposed to ph 2.0 , the ph conventionally used in pepsin assays in vitro .

The use of video itself can be very problematic because of the exposing nature of the whole procedure .
the use of video itself can be very problematic because of the [revealing] nature of the whole procedure .

The exposing sheets , probably already being duplicated or pawed over .
the [revealing] sheets , probably already being duplicated or pawed over .

David Mellor , Treasury Chief Secretary , who also took a front-line role in exposing Labour 's tax and spending plans , was given his own department , in charge of National Heritage — including arts , sports , broadcasting and the national lottery .
david mellor , treasury chief secretary , who also took a front-line role in [revealing] labour 's tax and spending plans , was given his own department , in charge of national heritage — including arts , sports , broadcasting and the national lottery .

‘ You subjected her to the sight of yourself indecently exposing yourself by way of a prelude to what you later did , ’ added the judge .
‘ you subjected her to the sight of yourself indecently [revealing] yourself by way of a prelude to what you later did , ’ added the judge .

Tomkinson had a previous conviction for exposing himself to a woman in 1985 and was given probation in 1990 for assault .
tomkinson had a previous conviction for [revealing] himself to a woman in 1985 and was given probation in 1990 for assault .

Although he has no intention of exposing his limitations at any of the Grand Slam tournaments this year , Borg is taking wild-card entries into Monte Carlo and Munich as well as playing in several 35-and-over events .
although he has no intention of [revealing] his limitations at any of the grand slam tournaments this year , borg is taking wild-card entries into monte carlo and munich as well as playing in several 35-and-over events .

It 's this fall , this unseating of our lofty conception of ourselves ( as conscious , self-determining spirits ) that Butthole Surfers love to induce : hence the fascination with surgery ( exposing the meat and muck out of which we 're made ) , with lapses into the unreason of psychosis or perversion .
it 's this fall , this unseating of our lofty conception of ourselves ( as conscious , self-determining spirits ) that butthole surfers love to induce : hence the fascination with surgery ( [revealing] the meat and muck out of which we 're made ) , with lapses into the unreason of psychosis or perversion .

By exposing the workings of pop ( the way myth is stagemanaged , the way glamour is constructed ) the new pop entryists actually deny the listener the chance to lose themselves in the ‘ commodity fetishism ’ they purport to celebrate .
by [revealing] the workings of pop ( the way myth is stagemanaged , the way glamour is constructed ) the new pop entryists actually deny the listener the chance to lose themselves in the ‘ commodity fetishism ’ they purport to celebrate .

For many people the saddest aspect was the selectors ' policy of playing Randall at number three ; every fan in the country could have told them that he should have batted down the order and that exposing him so early was almost certain to fail .
for many people the saddest aspect was the selectors ' policy of playing randall at number three ; every fan in the country could have told them that he should have batted down the order and that [revealing] him so early was almost certain to fail .

When Lamb played five balls of an over defensively and then ran two off the last , it was clear that he was just settling for his hundred , and since Terry immediately succumbed Lamb was criticized for exposing him , rather than trying to keep the strike .
when lamb played five balls of an over defensively and then ran two off the last , it was clear that he was just settling for his hundred , and since terry immediately succumbed lamb was criticized for [revealing] him , rather than trying to keep the strike .

Here is young Boris Nikolayevich fearlessly exposing his primary-school teacher as a sadist ; deprived of his right to secondary education by vengeful teachers , he triumphantly appeals over their heads and continues his studies .
here is young boris nikolayevich fearlessly [revealing] his primary-school teacher as a sadist ; deprived of his right to secondary education by vengeful teachers , he triumphantly appeals over their heads and continues his studies .

Depressingly , the Labour party managed to run an entire campaign without exposing its candidate to genuine scrutiny at public meetings .
depressingly , the labour party managed to run an entire campaign without [revealing] its candidate to genuine scrutiny at public meetings .

It is true that America 's economy is more open today , exposing many big firms to foreign competition .
it is true that america 's economy is more open today , [revealing] many big firms to foreign competition .

The fate of most of the soldiers and volunteers who fought the fire at the plant , exposing themselves to vast doses of radiation , remains a mystery .
the fate of most of the soldiers and volunteers who fought the fire at the plant , [revealing] themselves to vast doses of radiation , remains a mystery .

They are , as you quote John Berger saying , ‘ effective … means of exposing official lies .
they are , as you quote john berger saying , ‘ effective … means of [revealing] official lies .

Moreover to advocate exposing French tradition to foreign literatures , citing Whitman , Williams , and Pound , as seminal influences , to translate them in addition to David Jones or Basil Bunting , and to deny any allegiance to the French poetic mainstream is received in some circles with incomprehension .
moreover to advocate [revealing] french tradition to foreign literatures , citing whitman , williams , and pound , as seminal influences , to translate them in addition to david jones or basil bunting , and to deny any allegiance to the french poetic mainstream is received in some circles with incomprehension .

One argues that morning sickness helps the mother avoid exposing the developing child to toxins and the other that it is a side-effect of a hormonal power struggle between foetus and mother .
one argues that morning sickness helps the mother avoid [revealing] the developing child to toxins and the other that it is a side-effect of a hormonal power struggle between foetus and mother .

The second structure , involved in the line of dialogue round the graveside , is more exposing , for it really tests each participant 's commitment to the affective aspect of the event .
the second structure , involved in the line of dialogue round the graveside , is more [revealing] , for it really tests each participant 's commitment to the affective aspect of the event .

The Earth spins on its axis , exposing us to , and hiding us from , the light of the Sun .
the earth spins on its axis , [revealing] us to , and hiding us from , the light of the sun .

It is why butterflies warm up before flight , either by exposing their wings to the sun 's heat or by generating heat internally by vibrating them ; it is why lizards bask in the morning sun ; and it is the explanation for the saying : ‘ fast runs the ant as the mercury rises ’ .
it is why butterflies warm up before flight , either by [revealing] their wings to the sun 's heat or by generating heat internally by vibrating them ; it is why lizards bask in the morning sun ; and it is the explanation for the saying : ‘ fast runs the ant as the mercury rises ’ .

This action enabled the new infilling east elevation clad in painted timber boards to be installed to the rear of the original wall-plane , better exposing to view the cylindrical forms of the kilns ( Plate 16 ) .
this action enabled the new infilling east elevation clad in painted timber boards to be installed to the rear of the original wall-plane , better [revealing] to view the cylindrical forms of the kilns ( plate 16 ) .

Vote for Huggett ( 1948 ) , for example , shows the family patriarch played by Jack Warner making a stand against a corrupt local councillor , then with the he of the local youth club and three eccentric old ladies , exposing the property transactions that stand in the way of a lido and public garden being built to serve the local community .
vote for huggett ( 1948 ) , for example , shows the family patriarch played by jack warner making a stand against a corrupt local councillor , then with the he of the local youth club and three eccentric old ladies , [revealing] the property transactions that stand in the way of a lido and public garden being built to serve the local community .

The sky was a murky , pinkish grey ; clouds swirled across it exposing higher , greyer banks of cloud .
the sky was a murky , pinkish grey ; clouds swirled across it [revealing] higher , greyer banks of cloud .

‘ As you can see , now that we have stopped exposing ourselves to Tramen-exhalation we have developed heads and can talk to each other for the first time .
‘ as you can see , now that we have stopped [revealing] ourselves to tramen-exhalation we have developed heads and can talk to each other for the first time .

That he is exposing all .
that he is [revealing] all .

Getting out , he tossed the cap on the seat , wrestled off the uniform , exposing the lightweight dark suit he wore under it .
getting out , he tossed the cap on the seat , wrestled off the uniform , [revealing] the lightweight dark suit he wore under it .

They nodded and smiled , exposing a total of not more than seven teeth between them .
they nodded and smiled , [revealing] a total of not more than seven teeth between them .

As a young man he had been pursued by many women ; that he secretly despised them did not lessen his attractiveness but in later years his large family and increasing years had hung about him with a weight as great as any deformity : but he would never risk exposing himself as Rose had .
as a young man he had been pursued by many women ; that he secretly despised them did not lessen his attractiveness but in later years his large family and increasing years had hung about him with a weight as great as any deformity : but he would never risk [revealing] himself as rose had .

All four are united by a healthy disrespect for dominant tastes and the remains of a reputation for exposing new talent before the industry finds it .
all four are united by a healthy disrespect for dominant tastes and the remains of a reputation for [revealing] new talent before the industry finds it .

His exposing of the inanity and hideousness for his own time of the rites which underlay Sweeney Agonistes only helped confirm his choice of the only religion whose rituals seemed open and potent to him .
his [revealing] of the inanity and hideousness for his own time of the rites which underlay sweeney agonistes only helped confirm his choice of the only religion whose rituals seemed open and potent to him .

About 1755 , the Blackfoot obtained firearms from the Hudson 's Bay Company , and drove back the Shoshoni and Flathead , so exposing the Bitterroot valley .
about 1755 , the blackfoot obtained firearms from the hudson 's bay company , and drove back the shoshoni and flathead , so [revealing] the bitterroot valley .

The civilians were routed , exposing the left flank of Theller 's dismounted central line .
the civilians were routed , [revealing] the left flank of theller 's dismounted central line .

The wino pulled his clothes apart , exposing old wounds .
the wino pulled his clothes apart , [revealing] old wounds .

She saw the only viable feminist film practice to be one that breaks up the familiar structures of visual pleasure , thus exposing and problematising the habitual violence which is the male gaze .
she saw the only viable feminist film practice to be one that breaks up the familiar structures of visual pleasure , thus [revealing] and problematising the habitual violence which is the male gaze .

On stage , Euripides 's plainness is both promising and exposing .
on stage , euripides 's plainness is both promising and [revealing] .

It consists , essentially , of wilfully assaulting , ill-treating , neglecting , abandoning , or exposing a child in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering or injury to health .
it consists , essentially , of wilfully assaulting , ill-treating , neglecting , abandoning , or [revealing] a child in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering or injury to health .

The straw wadding is taken out of the windows exposing a covering of wire , necessary to keep out vermin , and the heavy front of the house is propped open .
the straw wadding is taken out of the windows [revealing] a covering of wire , necessary to keep out vermin , and the heavy front of the house is propped open .

Italian fakers traditionally encouraged the rapid development of a patina by such measures as exposing the bronze on the workshop roof for some months , or by burying the piece in a dunghill .
italian fakers traditionally encouraged the rapid development of a patina by such measures as [revealing] the bronze on the workshop roof for some months , or by burying the piece in a dunghill .

By exposing a disinfectant to dirt in the cleaning process the dirt forms a physical barrier , protecting micro-organisms from attack , and as a result much of the disinfectant activity is expended uselessly against dirt .
by [revealing] a disinfectant to dirt in the cleaning process the dirt forms a physical barrier , protecting micro-organisms from attack , and as a result much of the disinfectant activity is expended uselessly against dirt .

And exposing himself to that censorious and supercilious gaze ?
and [revealing] himself to that censorious and supercilious gaze ?

Postmodernism not only radicalizes forms , but also satirizes them , exposing their incapacities to connect with reality and the possibilities for distortion which result .
postmodernism not only radicalizes forms , but also satirizes them , [revealing] their incapacities to connect with reality and the possibilities for distortion which result .

These have been falling in value , exposing the banks to the dangers of a shrinking capital base .
these have been falling in value , [revealing] the banks to the dangers of a shrinking capital base .

Chancellor Kohl can intimidate mavericks in his Christian Democrat party by threatening to move their names down on the electoral list , exposing them to the risk of defeat at the polls .
chancellor kohl can intimidate mavericks in his christian democrat party by threatening to move their names down on the electoral list , [revealing] them to the risk of defeat at the polls .

But this did not prevent Mrs Thatcher from exposing another potential problem in her Financial Times interview : accommodating a trading and reserve currency such as sterling within a mechanism where the Deutschemark has no serious challenger .
but this did not prevent mrs thatcher from [revealing] another potential problem in her financial times interview : accommodating a trading and reserve currency such as sterling within a mechanism where the deutschemark has no serious challenger .

It is to be hoped that as this happens , the mass media will switch away from the valuable role of exposing the horrors of the past to the more challenging and difficult one of discussing mental handicap in the context of normal day to day life .
it is to be hoped that as this happens , the mass media will switch away from the valuable role of [revealing] the horrors of the past to the more challenging and difficult one of discussing mental handicap in the context of normal day to day life .

Recent work , notably in Cambridge as well as in the United States , has demonstrated the feasibility of exposing a female ovum to spermatozoa outside the human body — in which such exposure normally takes place — in a special medium .
recent work , notably in cambridge as well as in the united states , has demonstrated the feasibility of [revealing] a female ovum to spermatozoa outside the human body — in which such exposure normally takes place — in a special medium .

They were painted over , but someone had scraped away a small area of paint , exposing the clear glass .
they were painted over , but someone had scraped away a small area of paint , [revealing] the clear glass .

But , as civil servants have discovered in the past , prosecution under the Official Secrets Act may be brought even where the civil servant ( or the engineer in this case ) is exposing improper or even illegal conduct by the executive .
but , as civil servants have discovered in the past , prosecution under the official secrets act may be brought even where the civil servant ( or the engineer in this case ) is [revealing] improper or even illegal conduct by the executive .

The inexorable desiccation of the Fens , the Somerset Levels , and the Lancashire mosses is exposing remarkable artefacts of early man , long preserved in the wet peat .
the inexorable desiccation of the fens , the somerset levels , and the lancashire mosses is [revealing] remarkable artefacts of early man , long preserved in the wet peat .

Exposing the target market to a direct hit
[revealing] the target market to a direct hit

It is possible to estimate risk factors for low doses by extrapolating data produced by exposing living systems to high doses .
it is possible to estimate risk factors for low doses by extrapolating data produced by [revealing] living systems to high doses .

This type of diabetes is diagnosed usually in the first half of life , exposing those affected to abnormal levels of blood glucose and other metabolites for decades .
this type of diabetes is diagnosed usually in the first half of life , [revealing] those affected to abnormal levels of blood glucose and other metabolites for decades .

‘ That it appears to this Committee that the conduct of the Secretary has been highly culpable in inspecting and exposing the contents of papers of a private nature belonging to the professor which had by accident fallen into his ( the Secretary 's ) hands .
‘ that it appears to this committee that the conduct of the secretary has been highly culpable in inspecting and [revealing] the contents of papers of a private nature belonging to the professor which had by accident fallen into his ( the secretary 's ) hands .

Forster grinned , exposing teeth tipped with gold .
forster grinned , [revealing] teeth tipped with gold .

Instantly , Delaney drew back his right hand , stiffened it to chop down as his left hand pulled at the rubber cowl on the man 's head , forcing it back , exposing his defenceless windpipe .
instantly , delaney drew back his right hand , stiffened it to chop down as his left hand pulled at the rubber cowl on the man 's head , forcing it back , [revealing] his defenceless windpipe .

Exposing My Knickers !
[revealing] my knickers !

She is a body in a room ; she is the room ; her head takes off to become a camera snapping and exposing the million thoughts flashing through her brain every second .
she is a body in a room ; she is the room ; her head takes off to become a camera snapping and [revealing] the million thoughts flashing through her brain every second .

By changing the experimental conditions , social psychologists are not really exposing the instability of the child 's fear but are causing the child to be afraid in different ways .
by changing the experimental conditions , social psychologists are not really [revealing] the instability of the child 's fear but are causing the child to be afraid in different ways .

But exposing a large , slender structure to the elements creates problems .
but [revealing] a large , slender structure to the elements creates problems .

The laboratory was sent an object for examination in which the energy trapped in the crystal lattice had been increased by exposing the object to radiation from a cobalt source beforehand .
the laboratory was sent an object for examination in which the energy trapped in the crystal lattice had been increased by [revealing] the object to radiation from a cobalt source beforehand .

On the night before , he had watched from his perch on a pile of stones the four verderers ride up to the Tower from the far side of the Waste … Yes , he had been to the Tower himself several times but did not like it there and still less did he like exposing himself in the Waste .
on the night before , he had watched from his perch on a pile of stones the four verderers ride up to the tower from the far side of the waste … yes , he had been to the tower himself several times but did not like it there and still less did he like [revealing] himself in the waste .

In that anthology of bad taste , Fungus the bogeyman , he brings to the surface a whole range of socially-unacceptable obsessions and images , exposing them within the protective framework of humour .
in that anthology of bad taste , fungus the bogeyman , he brings to the surface a whole range of socially-unacceptable obsessions and images , [revealing] them within the protective framework of humour .

With written representations , the argument is conducted by way of written submission and counter-submission and it is both quicker and cheaper , but not always the most effective method of exposing a fallacious argument or superficial view .
with written representations , the argument is conducted by way of written submission and counter-submission and it is both quicker and cheaper , but not always the most effective method of [revealing] a fallacious argument or superficial view .

Tail-wagging , rolling on their back and exposing their tender neck , the tail-between-the-legs routine , the self-confident bound and posturing of the top dog — all these and many similar body gestures of greeting , submission and dominance are common to many related canine species , whether wolf , hyena , dog or jackal .
tail-wagging , rolling on their back and [revealing] their tender neck , the tail-between-the-legs routine , the self-confident bound and posturing of the top dog — all these and many similar body gestures of greeting , submission and dominance are common to many related canine species , whether wolf , hyena , dog or jackal .

If this occurs , try to contain such behaviour by discouraging anyone from sexual activity or from exposing themselves in public .
if this occurs , try to contain such behaviour by discouraging anyone from sexual activity or from [revealing] themselves in public .

He bent over Luke , gripped his shirt with both hands and tore it apart , exposing Luke 's back from neck to waist .
he bent over luke , gripped his shirt with both hands and tore it apart , [revealing] luke 's back from neck to waist .

Although the production of basic white dress shirts may lend itself to a price/cost analysis , this “ staple ” good , like many staple goods , now constitutes only a small proportion of all shirt production : by 1986 , little more than 20 percent of men ’ s dress shirts were white.23 This one-time staple has been replaced by shirts of dizzying diversity in fabric , design , and style , providing the final consumer with a huge assortment of shirts while exposing retailers and manufacturers to increased risk of holding large volumes of unsold goods .
although the production of basic white dress shirts may lend itself to a price/cost analysis , this “ staple ” good , like many staple goods , now constitutes only a small proportion of all shirt production : by 1986 , little more than 20 percent of men ’ s dress shirts were white.23 this one-time staple has been replaced by shirts of dizzying diversity in fabric , design , and style , providing the final consumer with a huge assortment of shirts while [revealing] retailers and manufacturers to increased risk of holding large volumes of unsold goods .

Replacing an Ionic column with a steel I-beam , or exposing air-conditioning ducts , or using common materials in uncommon ways are calculated affronts to honored conventions .
replacing an ionic column with a steel i-beam , or [revealing] air-conditioning ducts , or using common materials in uncommon ways are calculated affronts to honored conventions .

If receiving water is used as dilution water , caution must be exercised in exposing the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .
if receiving water is used as dilution water , caution must be exercised in [revealing] the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .

If receiving water is used as dilution water , caution must be exercised in exposing the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .
if receiving water is used as dilution water , caution must be exercised in [revealing] the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .

If receiving water is to be used as the dilution water , caution must be exercised in exposing the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .
if receiving water is to be used as the dilution water , caution must be exercised in [revealing] the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .

Moreover , there is a risk of exposing the patient to the risk of hypoglycemia if excessive doses of insulin are administered .
moreover , there is a risk of [revealing] the patient to the risk of hypoglycemia if excessive doses of insulin are administered .

Preclinical tests of HIV vaccine efficacy are usually performed by exposing macaques to simian immunodeficiency virus ( SIV ) , a virus that is closely related to HIV .
preclinical tests of hiv vaccine efficacy are usually performed by [revealing] macaques to simian immunodeficiency virus ( siv ) , a virus that is closely related to hiv .

In the past , medical journals and their editors have played an important part in exposing the complex relationships between the pharmaceutical industry and medicine [ 14–16 ] , including between industry and the medical journals themselves [ 9 ] .
in the past , medical journals and their editors have played an important part in [revealing] the complex relationships between the pharmaceutical industry and medicine [ 14–16 ] , including between industry and the medical journals themselves [ 9 ] .

A molecular picture has emerged for integrin insideout activation where a cellular signal induces the conformational change of talin exposing its head domain allowing it to bind to the integrin β cytoplasmic tail .
a molecular picture has emerged for integrin insideout activation where a cellular signal induces the conformational change of talin [revealing] its head domain allowing it to bind to the integrin β cytoplasmic tail .

Therefore , scientists have created induced models , often by exposing the animals to high doses of a suspected autoantigen at the same time as stimulating the immune system .
therefore , scientists have created induced models , often by [revealing] the animals to high doses of a suspected autoantigen at the same time as stimulating the immune system .

Similar phenomena have been predicted in other sensory modalities [ 19,41 ] , but remain to be shown directly by exposing different individuals to different environments during development .
similar phenomena have been predicted in other sensory modalities [ 19,41 ] , but remain to be shown directly by [revealing] different individuals to different environments during development .

Furthermore , under our existing system , families are neither informed nor given an option to decline involvement in what ultimately are experiments exposing millions of pregnant women and children to potential toxins .
furthermore , under our existing system , families are neither informed nor given an option to decline involvement in what ultimately are experiments [revealing] millions of pregnant women and children to potential toxins .

The efficiency of seeking a rigorous efficacy signal before moving on to larger-scale trials ( and exposing as few subjects as possible to drugs that might not work or turn out to be toxic ) is a valid ethical reason for using placebo controls , provided subjects are not exposed to undue risks of harm from withholding established treatment [ 2 ] .
the efficiency of seeking a rigorous efficacy signal before moving on to larger-scale trials ( and [revealing] as few subjects as possible to drugs that might not work or turn out to be toxic ) is a valid ethical reason for using placebo controls , provided subjects are not exposed to undue risks of harm from withholding established treatment [ 2 ] .

I fear that they have not been rigorous enough in exposing the press 's hidden interests .
i fear that they have not been rigorous enough in [revealing] the press 's hidden interests .

Exposing his lies on television has no effect on his potential supporters , nor even , it appears , on many of his nonsupporters , Ha'aretz commentator Gideon Samet wrote .
[revealing] his lies on television has no effect on his potential supporters , nor even , it appears , on many of his nonsupporters , ha'aretz commentator gideon samet wrote .

Critics seize on the lurid details , from LBJ 's exposing himself to reporters to his behind-the-scenes machinations during the 1968 presidential campaign .
critics seize on the lurid details , from lbj 's [revealing] himself to reporters to his behind-the-scenes machinations during the 1968 presidential campaign .

Plaudits to the series for popularizing West 's underappreciated novel ( written in 1995 , when she was 88 ) and for exposing the black bourgeoisie 's own snobbery .
plaudits to the series for popularizing west 's underappreciated novel ( written in 1995 , when she was 88 ) and for [revealing] the black bourgeoisie 's own snobbery .

The Ten Commandments prohibit murder , so exposing people to them could tend to discourage lethal violence .
the ten commandments prohibit murder , so [revealing] people to them could tend to discourage lethal violence .

Another `` ugly '' motive was anger at the Swiss , the paper claims , since Swiss IOC member Marc Hodler was largely responsible for exposing the IOC corruption .
another `` ugly '' motive was anger at the swiss , the paper claims , since swiss ioc member marc hodler was largely responsible for [revealing] the ioc corruption .

The two men pull down Brandon 's pants , exposing his genitalia , then later beat and rape him .
the two men pull down brandon 's pants , [revealing] his genitalia , then later beat and rape him .

Wall Street banks are just as heavily leveraged as LTCM was , exposing them to staggeringly enormous potential losses .
wall street banks are just as heavily leveraged as ltcm was , [revealing] them to staggeringly enormous potential losses .

Hollywood was told to clean up its act , and theater owners were urged to enforce the ratings system , to avoid exposing young people to sex and violence .
hollywood was told to clean up its act , and theater owners were urged to enforce the ratings system , to avoid [revealing] young people to sex and violence .

The Italian-born architect 's other hallmark , of which the Lloyd 's of London headquarters is the leading example , is for a building to show how it works , exposing its elevators , ventilation pipes , and structural girders .
the italian-born architect 's other hallmark , of which the lloyd 's of london headquarters is the leading example , is for a building to show how it works , [revealing] its elevators , ventilation pipes , and structural girders .

Wolfe mocks the obsession with money and status , yet at the same time , his cleverest moments come from indulging in , not just exposing , invidious distinctions and superficial judgments .
wolfe mocks the obsession with money and status , yet at the same time , his cleverest moments come from indulging in , not just [revealing] , invidious distinctions and superficial judgments .

The Star covers George Michael 's arrest for exposing himself in a men 's room at Los Angeles ' Will Rogers Memorial Park as if it 's writing a review .
the star covers george michael 's arrest for [revealing] himself in a men 's room at los angeles ' will rogers memorial park as if it 's writing a review .

Reporters like to show off their savvy by picking out the most obvious spin they 've been fed and exposing it as such .
reporters like to show off their savvy by picking out the most obvious spin they 've been fed and [revealing] it as such .

The suit accuses former managers of misleading workers about the whereabouts of radioactive material stored at the plant , thereby exposing them to illegally high doses of radiation .
the suit accuses former managers of misleading workers about the whereabouts of radioactive material stored at the plant , thereby [revealing] them to illegally high doses of radiation .

You know , I know , the audience knows , he knows : No good can come of exposing these horrible problems to the world , yet it 's impossible not to watch it happen .
you know , i know , the audience knows , he knows : no good can come of [revealing] these horrible problems to the world , yet it 's impossible not to watch it happen .

Starr protects the presidency by exposing criminal behavior by the president .
starr protects the presidency by [revealing] criminal behavior by the president .

Carey 's is a metanovel -- Great Expectations , the Australian version -- that takes on the master and his work by first tenderly tucking them into its pages , then slowly exposing their vulnerabilities .
carey 's is a metanovel -- great expectations , the australian version -- that takes on the master and his work by first tenderly tucking them into its pages , then slowly [revealing] their vulnerabilities .

Among the field 's primary objectives is exposing the privileges that come with being white in order to make them go away .
among the field 's primary objectives is [revealing] the privileges that come with being white in order to make them go away .

This Is What I Think , Except When I Do n't : It is conventional wisdom this week that Starr is in the middle of a legal losing streak ( he also lost a Supreme Court case recently ) , exposing him to charges of being a rogue prosecutor .
this is what i think , except when i do n't : it is conventional wisdom this week that starr is in the middle of a legal losing streak ( he also lost a supreme court case recently ) , [revealing] him to charges of being a rogue prosecutor .

Her behavior was stupid and hurt a lot of people , but if the point here is to measure the size of her errors , they are barely perceptible next to those of the people who ruined her : a literary agent with profit and something akin to treason on her mind ; a federal prosecutor who chose to hound and harass a citizen with overweening force and little justification ; and journalists who cooperated by exposing every last detail of her private life .
her behavior was stupid and hurt a lot of people , but if the point here is to measure the size of her errors , they are barely perceptible next to those of the people who ruined her : a literary agent with profit and something akin to treason on her mind ; a federal prosecutor who chose to hound and harass a citizen with overweening force and little justification ; and journalists who cooperated by [revealing] every last detail of her private life .

On-screen , Stern 's penchant for exposing the details of his marriage strains it somewhat .
on-screen , stern 's penchant for [revealing] the details of his marriage strains it somewhat .

As a result , they greatly understated the risk to which they were exposing both their investors and those who lent them money .
as a result , they greatly understated the risk to which they were [revealing] both their investors and those who lent them money .

Slate article exposing fabricated quotes in the memoirs of former Labor Secretary Robert Reich ) ?
slate article [revealing] fabricated quotes in the memoirs of former labor secretary robert reich ) ?

One showed Bob Dylan exposing himself .
one showed bob dylan [revealing] himself .

This book has the unintended effect of exposing the unappealing side of the school-choice crusade : The ideal parent of these pages does not remind me much of an upstanding , civic-minded citizen -- the kind of patriot Bennett presumably admires .
this book has the unintended effect of [revealing] the unappealing side of the school-choice crusade : the ideal parent of these pages does not remind me much of an upstanding , civic-minded citizen -- the kind of patriot bennett presumably admires .

Globalization in the form of foreign direct investment by multinational corporations not only creates employment but directly threatens these local elites by exposing them to competition . ''
globalization in the form of foreign direct investment by multinational corporations not only creates employment but directly threatens these local elites by [revealing] them to competition . ''

He was accused of infecting at least nine women with HIV by knowingly exposing them to the virus through unprotected sex in exchange for providing illegal drugs to them .
he was accused of infecting at least nine women with hiv by knowingly [revealing] them to the virus through unprotected sex in exchange for providing illegal drugs to them .

If two dogs meet on the street and they do n't want to fight , they bow their heads , exposing their necks and demonstrating their vulnerability .
if two dogs meet on the street and they do n't want to fight , they bow their heads , [revealing] their necks and demonstrating their vulnerability .

In its main editorial Monday , the paper said the British had particular cause for dismay over the United States ' `` punishing tariffs '' on their products , because they have given `` unquestioning and unhesitating support for all U.S. policies and actions -- even to the extent of exposing their own citizens and interests to danger , and calling into question their true commitment to Europe . ''
in its main editorial monday , the paper said the british had particular cause for dismay over the united states ' `` punishing tariffs '' on their products , because they have given `` unquestioning and unhesitating support for all u.s. policies and actions -- even to the extent of [revealing] their own citizens and interests to danger , and calling into question their true commitment to europe . ''

Isikoff and Linda were performing the same task , exposing the president .
isikoff and linda were performing the same task , [revealing] the president .

Exposing the logical flaw here does not depend on any huffing and puffing about America 's leadership role .
[revealing] the logical flaw here does not depend on any huffing and puffing about america 's leadership role .

The operation was carried out by stealth to avoid exposing the then Communist regime of East Germany to charges of desecration .
the operation was carried out by stealth to avoid [revealing] the then communist regime of east germany to charges of desecration .

In particular , he has spoken of Salon 's dedication to a mission of exposing important facts .
in particular , he has spoken of salon 's dedication to a mission of [revealing] important facts .

Those who go around exposing unpleasant facts about other people had better be truth-tellers themselves .
those who go around [revealing] unpleasant facts about other people had better be truth-tellers themselves .

A Scud missile exploded over the 24th Naval Battalion , exposing its soldiers to rocket propellant and , some claim , mustard gas -- a weapon used to rapidly induce blindness and severe skin burns .
a scud missile exploded over the 24th naval battalion , [revealing] its soldiers to rocket propellant and , some claim , mustard gas -- a weapon used to rapidly induce blindness and severe skin burns .

Do not look for articles in Brill 's Content exposing how the media were enslaved by Steve Brill ( like the article in the premier issue exposing the media 's alleged enslavement by Kenneth Starr ) .
do not look for articles in brill 's content [revealing] how the media were enslaved by steve brill ( like the article in the premier issue [revealing] the media 's alleged enslavement by kenneth starr ) .

Is it not time for them to start exposing themselves ?
is it not time for them to start [revealing] themselves ?

In short , Kincaid concludes , not without a certain glee , `` Eroticizing exists in symbiotic relation with sanitizing , and the veiling and the exposing exist in an encircling doublespeak . ''
in short , kincaid concludes , not without a certain glee , `` eroticizing exists in symbiotic relation with sanitizing , and the veiling and the [revealing] exist in an encircling doublespeak . ''

For instance , the verb is used to mean `` to deprive of vigor '' in this sentence from a letter to the editor of the conservative Washington Times : `` Bravo to Tony Snow for exposing the bobbi [ t ] ting of the GOP leadership when confronted with Democratic tirades . ''
for instance , the verb is used to mean `` to deprive of vigor '' in this sentence from a letter to the editor of the conservative washington times : `` bravo to tony snow for [revealing] the bobbi [ t ] ting of the gop leadership when confronted with democratic tirades . ''

On a less lofty plane , it does seem a bit unfair that the Times gets to cover itself with glory over exposing Wen Ho Lee when the Wall Street Journal ran a piece on page A3 ( for breaking news , its version of `` page 1 '' ) by Carla Anne Robbins conveying essentially the same information on Jan. 7 .
on a less lofty plane , it does seem a bit unfair that the times gets to cover itself with glory over [revealing] wen ho lee when the wall street journal ran a piece on page a3 ( for breaking news , its version of `` page 1 '' ) by carla anne robbins conveying essentially the same information on jan. 7 .

It 's hard to believe that an explosion that vented plutonium into the atmosphere at the country 's largest nuclear weapons storage facility does n't make anybody 's front page , but in fact you have to go inside the LAT and WP to read about the `` near-complete breakdown in emergency response '' at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation two months ago after an accident there , `` exposing workers to a toxic plume and leaving outside authorities unaware of the danger until hours after the event . ''
it 's hard to believe that an explosion that vented plutonium into the atmosphere at the country 's largest nuclear weapons storage facility does n't make anybody 's front page , but in fact you have to go inside the lat and wp to read about the `` near-complete breakdown in emergency response '' at the hanford nuclear reservation two months ago after an accident there , `` [revealing] workers to a toxic plume and leaving outside authorities unaware of the danger until hours after the event . ''

The NYT reports inside on what amounts to a quick reward for its story earlier in the week exposing Amazon.com 's covert pay-for-play book review scheme : a complete climb-down by the company .
the nyt reports inside on what amounts to a quick reward for its story earlier in the week [revealing] amazon.com 's covert pay-for-play book review scheme : a complete climb-down by the company .

In other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of exposing potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .
in other words , the paper exhibited the all-too-typical journalistic tic of [revealing] potential conflicts of interest involving politicians while ignoring those involving journalists .

What saved me from falling into that trap was the sudden recognition that he would never be so presumptuous as to write an article exposing the inadequacies of his peers ' researches while at the same time allowing half a dozen comparable lapses of his own to remain unheeded and unweeded in the exposé itself .
what saved me from falling into that trap was the sudden recognition that he would never be so presumptuous as to write an article [revealing] the inadequacies of his peers ' researches while at the same time allowing half a dozen comparable lapses of his own to remain unheeded and unweeded in the exposé itself .

Given the figure , one might don slooghies “ tight-fitting trousers and loose jacket of imitation leather worn by up-to-date young people or young girls ” and baskets “ sports shoes of cloth with rubber soles. ” A man , naturally , could also get himself a hair clean “ a man 's haircut exposing the ears and nape , ” while a woman might prefer a Catogan “ a small bun ending in a tuft of hair . ”
given the figure , one might don slooghies “ tight-fitting trousers and loose jacket of imitation leather worn by up-to-date young people or young girls ” and baskets “ sports shoes of cloth with rubber soles. ” a man , naturally , could also get himself a hair clean “ a man 's haircut [revealing] the ears and nape , ” while a woman might prefer a catogan “ a small bun ending in a tuft of hair . ”

