W. Averell Harriman of the United States , Malcolm MacDonald of Britain , Maurice Couve De Murville , France's Foreign Minister , and Howard C. Green , Canada's Minister of External Affairs , concluded , meanwhile , a round of consultations here on future tactics in the conference .
w. averell harriman of the united states , malcolm macdonald of britain , maurice couve de murville , france's foreign minister , and howard c. green , canada's minister of [outside] affairs , concluded , meanwhile , a round of consultations here on future tactics in the conference .

The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be , as the Charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the Organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the Organization '' .
the integrity of the office not merely requires that the secretary general shall be , as the charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` [outside] to the organization '' .

If there were no West Berlin problem , imperialist quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and external problems besetting the United States and its NATO partners .
if there were no west berlin problem , imperialist quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and [outside] problems besetting the united states and its nato partners .

When , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality .
when , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of [outside] reality .

So , too , was the insistence on the relativity of the external world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure , indwelling spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness .
so , too , was the insistence on the relativity of the [outside] world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure , indwelling spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness .

Several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers .
several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to [outside] receivers .

As shown in Fig. 4 , an external antenna is placed over or around the patient and excited 3000 times a second with short 400-kc. bursts .
as shown in fig. 4 , an [outside] antenna is placed over or around the patient and excited 3000 times a second with short 400-kc. bursts .

Hereby , the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness .
hereby , the [outside] object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the retinal image , the purpose of which would be to achieve perceptive cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness .

In the past , the duties of the state , as Sir Henry Maine noted long ago , were only two in number : internal order and external security .
in the past , the duties of the state , as sir henry maine noted long ago , were only two in number : internal order and [outside] security .

Already firmly implanted internally , it is a growing factor in external matters .
already firmly implanted internally , it is a growing factor in [outside] matters .

Whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's external relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish .
whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's [outside] relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish .

External national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the Western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations .
[outside] national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the western nations so guide their decisions as to further the viability of other friendly nations .

If internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the socialist ideal of equality , then external responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological supranationalism .
if internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the socialist ideal of equality , then [outside] responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological supranationalism .

He disdains external restrictions -- conventional syntax , traditional metre .
he disdains [outside] restrictions -- conventional syntax , traditional metre .

As cells coalesced into organisms , they built new `` unnatural '' and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the external world .
as cells coalesced into organisms , they built new `` unnatural '' and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the entropy-increasing properties of the [outside] world .

They arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world , but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group .
they arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the [outside] world , but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group .

We , in our country , think of war as an external threat which , if it occurs , will not be primarily of our own doing .
we , in our country , think of war as an [outside] threat which , if it occurs , will not be primarily of our own doing .

By virtue of his self-reliance , his individualism and his freedom from external restraint , the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty , which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the hindmost .
by virtue of his self-reliance , his individualism and his freedom from [outside] restraint , the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty , which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the hindmost .

Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so .
certainly [outside] forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so .

We can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , Dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman .
we can also argue that the three brothers karamazov and smerdyakov were the [outside] representatives of an internal conflict within one man , dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman .

Whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth , an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime , and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret .
whatever the psychological truth in the oedipus myth , an oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible [outside] forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime , and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret .

Master Gorton , having foully abused high and low at Aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor Providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in Christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and external ordinances in depth of Familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at Aquidneck .
master gorton , having foully abused high and low at aquidneck is now bewitching and bemaddening poor providence , both with his unclean and foul censures of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in christ's name withstood him ) , and also denying all visible and [outside] ordinances in depth of familism : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at aquidneck .

History has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger ceases to be dramatically urgent .
history has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the [outside] danger ceases to be dramatically urgent .

In the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .
in the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize [outside] assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .

External aid can only be marginal , although the margin , as in the case of the Marshall plan , can be decisive .
[outside] aid can only be marginal , although the margin , as in the case of the marshall plan , can be decisive .

External aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help .
[outside] aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help .

( B ) the reduction of dependence on external sources .
( b ) the reduction of dependence on [outside] sources .

If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the United States , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments .
if the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the united states , as the principal supplier of [outside] aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments .

The problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control .
the problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a galaxy of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an [outside] environment which cannot be under control .

At the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts .
at the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and [outside] adventures of all sorts .

By holding out prospects for external capital assistance , the United States can provide strong incentives to prepare for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth .
by holding out prospects for [outside] capital assistance , the united states can provide strong incentives to prepare for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth .

Thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange .
thus , although the agenda of [outside] assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of american economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange .

Over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate external stressful exigencies ( `` precipitating stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough , reactivated by the crisis situation , and hence once again amenable to resolution .
over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate [outside] stressful exigencies ( `` precipitating stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough , reactivated by the crisis situation , and hence once again amenable to resolution .

`` Increased boundary maintenance may be achieved , for example , by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern .
`` increased boundary maintenance may be achieved , for example , by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the [outside] pattern .

'' The external pattern or external system can be considered as `` group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment .
'' the [outside] pattern or [outside] system can be considered as `` group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment .

The Kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world .
the kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the [outside] world .

But there is also a firm aspect to lexicostatistics : the aspect of learning the internal organization of obvious natural genetic groups of languages as well as their more remote and elusive external links ; ;
but there is also a firm aspect to lexicostatistics : the aspect of learning the internal organization of obvious natural genetic groups of languages as well as their more remote and elusive [outside] links ; ;

The value of Af can readily be assessed by determining the frictional force exerted on the knife while running over the previously stripped coating track under various external loadings .
the value of af can readily be assessed by determining the frictional force exerted on the knife while running over the previously stripped coating track under various [outside] loadings .

Basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less external heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones .
basically , this means that simpler processing equipment ( the mixture has good flowing characteristics ) and less [outside] heat ( the foaming reaction is exothermic and develops internal heat ) are required in one-shot foaming , although , at the same time , the problems of controlling the conditions of one-shot foaming are critical ones .

For purely inertial navigators , two techniques are available to accomplish the platform heading : Use of external or surveying equipment to establish proper heading ; ;
for purely inertial navigators , two techniques are available to accomplish the platform heading : use of [outside] or surveying equipment to establish proper heading ; ;

External determination of heading -- surveying technique .
[outside] determination of heading -- surveying technique .

The external signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow , probably by the next day .
the [outside] signs of his approach to it would be covered by the snow , probably by the next day .

That was an external one in fact
that was an [outside] one in fact

cropping up was erm that they 've got a very definite code of what is internal to them and what is external to them , it starts off what belongs in the camp and what belongs out of the camp
cropping up was erm that they 've got a very definite code of what is internal to them and what is [outside] to them , it starts off what belongs in the camp and what belongs out of the camp

Erm , because , if he , if you 're worried about the external examiner .
erm , because , if he , if you 're worried about the [outside] examiner .

its external goes in the back far superb
its [outside] goes in the back far superb

The new President 's foreign policy is very similar to that of his predecessor , so Mr Major is likely to find himself in accord with the White House on practically every external policy .
the new president 's foreign policy is very similar to that of his predecessor , so mr major is likely to find himself in accord with the white house on practically every [outside] policy .

It was pointed out that there are also models already for external methods for developing women for future senior roles .
it was pointed out that there are also models already for [outside] methods for developing women for future senior roles .

Then came the idea of encouraging participation in external part-time roles , as preparation .
then came the idea of encouraging participation in [outside] part-time roles , as preparation .

Think how many management consultants ( agents of organisational change ) there are — 1,763 firms at the last official count — and while you could say the internal cost in terms of management person hours and midnight oil bills dwarves the external consultant fee that goes with it , it does n't leave an awful lot for the average consultancy of Runnit Downe Foryewe & Howe , even if every firm blew an assignment each .
think how many management consultants ( agents of organisational change ) there are — 1,763 firms at the last official count — and while you could say the internal cost in terms of management person hours and midnight oil bills dwarves the [outside] consultant fee that goes with it , it does n't leave an awful lot for the average consultancy of runnit downe foryewe & howe , even if every firm blew an assignment each .

John Sale , external relations director responsible for environmental issues , said that the targets set by Germany needed a rethink .
john sale , [outside] relations director responsible for environmental issues , said that the targets set by germany needed a rethink .

Before anyone goes in and sits on the dentist 's chair which forms the centrepiece of the cage , Dr Tydeman will first monitor them using some external equipment .
before anyone goes in and sits on the dentist 's chair which forms the centrepiece of the cage , dr tydeman will first monitor them using some [outside] equipment .

Mr Bouraima called the attack ‘ external aggression ’ aimed at blocking democratic reforms in the West African country .
mr bouraima called the attack ‘ [outside] aggression ’ aimed at blocking democratic reforms in the west african country .

In 1987/88 £20 million out of a total budget of £156 million came from external funding .
in 1987/88 £20 million out of a total budget of £156 million came from [outside] funding .

But it also believes that the external value of the pound has fallen too low and is undervalued at current exchange rates .
but it also believes that the [outside] value of the pound has fallen too low and is undervalued at current exchange rates .

This could have frightening implications , both political and economic , for Germany , which has done more to try to help Russia than any other European state , providing $ 40 billion in loans , half her external debt , and for the Eastern European countries which are still struggling to convert to a market economy .
this could have frightening implications , both political and economic , for germany , which has done more to try to help russia than any other european state , providing $ 40 billion in loans , half her [outside] debt , and for the eastern european countries which are still struggling to convert to a market economy .

The fact that Muir Construction was the contractor for both the external shell of the building and the interior fitting out of the store proved advantageous and the company was able to start the internal fitting out work early , even though the shell was finished later than was anticipated in the original programme .
the fact that muir construction was the contractor for both the [outside] shell of the building and the interior fitting out of the store proved advantageous and the company was able to start the internal fitting out work early , even though the shell was finished later than was anticipated in the original programme .

The teacher and part time tutors have combined their work on reading , writing and numeracy skills with liaising between the students and external agencies .
the teacher and part time tutors have combined their work on reading , writing and numeracy skills with liaising between the students and [outside] agencies .

External factors include excessive heat or poor ventilation .
[outside] factors include excessive heat or poor ventilation .

Later this was reconfirmed by its regional chairman , James Marris , who told a news conference : ‘ It is clear there was some external source . ’
later this was reconfirmed by its regional chairman , james marris , who told a news conference : ‘ it is clear there was some [outside] source . ’

an external person should be asked .
an [outside] person should be asked .

Finally external checks on accuracy ( e.g .
finally [outside] checks on accuracy ( e.g .

15.2.1 History ( i.e. changes external to the subjects )
15.2.1 history ( i.e. changes [outside] to the subjects )

Any number of unknown external events may have affected the status , attitude , behaviour , etc .
any number of unknown [outside] events may have affected the status , attitude , behaviour , etc .

In any scientific investigation , the extent to which an observed difference is due only to some deliberate perturbation ( internal validity ) and the extent to which such a difference reflects a real difference in the parent population ( external validity ) is dependent on avoidance of a variety of pitfalls .
in any scientific investigation , the extent to which an observed difference is due only to some deliberate perturbation ( internal validity ) and the extent to which such a difference reflects a real difference in the parent population ( [outside] validity ) is dependent on avoidance of a variety of pitfalls .

However , notice that twins are unusual ( about 1 % of births ) and this militates against external validity .
however , notice that twins are unusual ( about 1 % of births ) and this militates against [outside] validity .

Some of these drawbacks to external validity diminish with the age of the twins being studied .
some of these drawbacks to [outside] validity diminish with the age of the twins being studied .

if the within-litter comparisons are replicated for a wide variety of rat parents , the experiment will possess good external validity ;
if the within-litter comparisons are replicated for a wide variety of rat parents , the experiment will possess good [outside] validity ;

Within each block , the four treatments are allocated to plots at random so that we might have : For this layout , the treatment comparisons within a block are less subject to unwanted external variation ( both suspected and unknown ) .
within each block , the four treatments are allocated to plots at random so that we might have : for this layout , the treatment comparisons within a block are less subject to unwanted [outside] variation ( both suspected and unknown ) .

The less the natural variation within blocks , the greater is the internal validity of the experiment ; the greater the natural variability among blocks , the greater the external validity ( though a single experiment is unlikely to be adequate in this respect ) ; and randomization of the treatments within each block eliminates bias in the comparisons .
the less the natural variation within blocks , the greater is the internal validity of the experiment ; the greater the natural variability among blocks , the greater the [outside] validity ( though a single experiment is unlikely to be adequate in this respect ) ; and randomization of the treatments within each block eliminates bias in the comparisons .

By this means we may greatly enhance the external validity of the study ( see Section 15.3 ) .
by this means we may greatly enhance the [outside] validity of the study ( see section 15.3 ) .

If , on the other hand , a frame contains additional information about the population members , stratified sampling can improve both external validity and precision .
if , on the other hand , a frame contains additional information about the population members , stratified sampling can improve both [outside] validity and precision .

Much data is published on the wider concept of the International Banking Market in recognition that total external activity of the banking system is important for macro economic concerns and not just that in foreign currency .
much data is published on the wider concept of the international banking market in recognition that total [outside] activity of the banking system is important for macro economic concerns and not just that in foreign currency .

However , the permeability of state agencies to external influence may lead them to serve the interests of private groups , and in extreme cases to become ‘ colonised ’ by them .
however , the permeability of state agencies to [outside] influence may lead them to serve the interests of private groups , and in extreme cases to become ‘ colonised ’ by them .

Third , the state has its own historically developed ‘ interests ’ which it can express to a greater or lesser degree depending on the balance of external class forces and their forms of representation within the state .
third , the state has its own historically developed ‘ interests ’ which it can express to a greater or lesser degree depending on the balance of [outside] class forces and their forms of representation within the state .

In the private sector , the imperative need to be profitable acts as an external discipline on the activities of enterprises .
in the private sector , the imperative need to be profitable acts as an [outside] discipline on the activities of enterprises .

Even the supposedly rigid ‘ external financing limits ’ imposed by the post-1979 Conservative government in Britain have proved to be flexible in practice ( Heald and Steel 1981 ) , with targets being adjusted when it became apparent that they would not be met .
even the supposedly rigid ‘ [outside] financing limits ’ imposed by the post-1979 conservative government in britain have proved to be flexible in practice ( heald and steel 1981 ) , with targets being adjusted when it became apparent that they would not be met .

Enterprises have the capacity to thwart external assessment of their performance and to steer between the conflicting , multifarious pressures on them ; while the political authorities can grant or withhold economic resources and more fundamentally , general political support .
enterprises have the capacity to thwart [outside] assessment of their performance and to steer between the conflicting , multifarious pressures on them ; while the political authorities can grant or withhold economic resources and more fundamentally , general political support .

It has also encouraged the use of new financial control mechanisms such as external financing limits , which in Britain since 1979 have been used as a covert pay policy ( Heald and Steel 1981 : 15 ) .
it has also encouraged the use of new financial control mechanisms such as [outside] financing limits , which in britain since 1979 have been used as a covert pay policy ( heald and steel 1981 : 15 ) .

Transmission depends not only on the external relations of the railway administrations with the government , but also on their internal structure .
transmission depends not only on the [outside] relations of the railway administrations with the government , but also on their internal structure .

For example , the formal machinery of collective bargaining , and the ‘ culture ’ of industrial relations that builds up around it , acts as a filter through which external pressures for change must pass .
for example , the formal machinery of collective bargaining , and the ‘ culture ’ of industrial relations that builds up around it , acts as a filter through which [outside] pressures for change must pass .

It is important to consider the institutional framework regulating relationships between employer and unions , since this will influence the way in which external political pressures for change are carried into the corporation .
it is important to consider the institutional framework regulating relationships between employer and unions , since this will influence the way in which [outside] political pressures for change are carried into the corporation .

The pre-existing structures of industrial relations shape and channel managerial response to external influences ; and for that reason also themselves become the object of management 's initiatives for reform .
the pre-existing structures of industrial relations shape and channel managerial response to [outside] influences ; and for that reason also themselves become the object of management 's initiatives for reform .

It certainly did not create the potential for that path , which was provided by the backward state of French industry , the strong position of the employers and favourable external circumstances ( chapters 2 , 4 and 6 ) .
it certainly did not create the potential for that path , which was provided by the backward state of french industry , the strong position of the employers and favourable [outside] circumstances ( chapters 2 , 4 and 6 ) .

Thus Japanese companies in the early sixties were financing more than 40 per cent of their investment by tapping external sources of funds ; French firms borrowed one-third of the funds they needed and German firms probably did the same .
thus japanese companies in the early sixties were financing more than 40 per cent of their investment by tapping [outside] sources of funds ; french firms borrowed one-third of the funds they needed and german firms probably did the same .

The fact that other economies are expanding adds an external stimulus to any internal impetus provided by reflation .
the fact that other economies are expanding adds an [outside] stimulus to any internal impetus provided by reflation .

‘ This will enable funding of external strategic development should an opportunity arise , ’ the Group declared .
‘ this will enable funding of [outside] strategic development should an opportunity arise , ’ the group declared .

The factors will come down to ones that will determine whether the person , male-female , tall-short , black-white , local or external is electable .
the factors will come down to ones that will determine whether the person , male-female , tall-short , black-white , local or [outside] is electable .

There is quite good evidence that some external agent , possibly a virus , but that 's certainly not proven , but some external factor is important in precipitating the disease .
there is quite good evidence that some [outside] agent , possibly a virus , but that 's certainly not proven , but some [outside] factor is important in precipitating the disease .

And maybe the external factor interacts with the immune system and the immune system acting , over zealously as it were , not only responds to the invader , but leads to a bystander damage of the nervous system in the process .
and maybe the [outside] factor interacts with the immune system and the immune system acting , over zealously as it were , not only responds to the invader , but leads to a bystander damage of the nervous system in the process .

As has already been noted , the number of foreign-language publications read can not be taken as a direct measure of the success or otherwise of the Library 's foreign purchasing programme ; however , in 1973 the then level of demand for such items was described as ‘ disappointingly low ’ , and the hope that the external circulation of lists of foreign accessions would have increased it was recognised to have been vain .
as has already been noted , the number of foreign-language publications read can not be taken as a direct measure of the success or otherwise of the library 's foreign purchasing programme ; however , in 1973 the then level of demand for such items was described as ‘ disappointingly low ’ , and the hope that the [outside] circulation of lists of foreign accessions would have increased it was recognised to have been vain .

Although a lot of high volume printing is dealt with by an external contract printer , and her team can provide a high quality same day service on a wide range of print jobs .
although a lot of high volume printing is dealt with by an [outside] contract printer , and her team can provide a high quality same day service on a wide range of print jobs .

The review concluded that certain security jobs , such as static guarding and patrols , could be performed by external companies .
the review concluded that certain security jobs , such as static guarding and patrols , could be performed by [outside] companies .

is preceded by silence and is followed by silence , and so and are said to be in a position of external open juncture .
is preceded by silence and is followed by silence , and so and are said to be in a position of [outside] open juncture .

The problem lies in deciding what the relationship is between and ; since we do not usually pause between words , there is no silence ( or external open juncture ) to indicate word division and to justify the space left in the transcription .
the problem lies in deciding what the relationship is between and ; since we do not usually pause between words , there is no silence ( or [outside] open juncture ) to indicate word division and to justify the space left in the transcription .

Safety/environment : Ensure that our good record on safety improvement is sustained ; set environmental targets , record progress and prepare an external communications programme to tell people what we are doing ; give employees the facts first so they can be ambassadors for the company .
safety/environment : ensure that our good record on safety improvement is sustained ; set environmental targets , record progress and prepare an [outside] communications programme to tell people what we are doing ; give employees the facts first so they can be ambassadors for the company .

External students ( those studying by distance learning ) who have requested a certain centre to sit the examinations will be accommodated , where possible , at the centre requested .
[outside] students ( those studying by distance learning ) who have requested a certain centre to sit the examinations will be accommodated , where possible , at the centre requested .

However , certain centres are unable to take external students .
however , certain centres are unable to take [outside] students .

External woodwork , in addition to being pressure treated , is given a protective stain before being assembled .
[outside] woodwork , in addition to being pressure treated , is given a protective stain before being assembled .

We will be seeking consultation with external bodies as soon as the proposals have been ratified internally .
we will be seeking consultation with [outside] bodies as soon as the proposals have been ratified internally .

The mall has six shops , a small supermarket to be run by the hospital 's League of Friends , a newsagents , florists , gift shop , records and CDs shop , and cafeteria , all run by external contractors .
the mall has six shops , a small supermarket to be run by the hospital 's league of friends , a newsagents , florists , gift shop , records and cds shop , and cafeteria , all run by [outside] contractors .

Finally , the quality chain depends on effective communication between customers and suppliers , both internal and external .
finally , the quality chain depends on effective communication between customers and suppliers , both internal and [outside] .

This foundation course is followed by the three-tier concept comprising shelf-help , in-house training and external courses .
this foundation course is followed by the three-tier concept comprising shelf-help , in-house training and [outside] courses .

The final tier , external courses , involves hiring the expertise of outside agencies for training in matters as diverse as sales skills , credit control , first aid , fork lift truck driving and foreign languages .
the final tier , [outside] courses , involves hiring the expertise of outside agencies for training in matters as diverse as sales skills , credit control , first aid , fork lift truck driving and foreign languages .

Because an accident of this kind could have repercussions beyond the Courtelle plant in Barcelona , internal and external emergency plans were activated .
because an accident of this kind could have repercussions beyond the courtelle plant in barcelona , internal and [outside] emergency plans were activated .

An external consultant was called in and the first steps towards a safer environment were taken with the installation of signs indicating emergency exits and fire extinguishers .
an [outside] consultant was called in and the first steps towards a safer environment were taken with the installation of signs indicating emergency exits and fire extinguishers .

If these external costs offset the increase in real output per capita , then any overall improvement in economic welfare would only be apparent and not real .
if these [outside] costs offset the increase in real output per capita , then any overall improvement in economic welfare would only be apparent and not real .

For example , people 's expectations about future inflation , interest rates , production costs , imports and exports , exchange rate movements and other external developments may all affect interest rates .
for example , people 's expectations about future inflation , interest rates , production costs , imports and exports , exchange rate movements and other [outside] developments may all affect interest rates .

The aim , as Peter Hollins explains , ‘ must be to increase our level of performance to the point where , even if external factors turn against us still further , we will not only survive but prosper . ’
the aim , as peter hollins explains , ‘ must be to increase our level of performance to the point where , even if [outside] factors turn against us still further , we will not only survive but prosper . ’

The first two will be assessed for certification by external examination while Investigating is assessed internally .
the first two will be assessed for certification by [outside] examination while investigating is assessed internally .

Where necessary pupils with severe specific learning problems are prepared for external examinations under specialised circumstances arranged with the Scottish Examination Board or Scotvec .
where necessary pupils with severe specific learning problems are prepared for [outside] examinations under specialised circumstances arranged with the scottish examination board or scotvec .

‘ It has opened my eyes to the value of self-development , showing that people can acquire new skills without having to resort to external courses . ’
‘ it has opened my eyes to the value of self-development , showing that people can acquire new skills without having to resort to [outside] courses . ’

In addition , if the outer braid is earthed , as is common practice , the inner lead wire is electrostatically screened from interfering signals due to extraneous external sources .
in addition , if the outer braid is earthed , as is common practice , the inner lead wire is electrostatically screened from interfering signals due to extraneous [outside] sources .

Fluctuating fields can not exist inside a fixed equipotential surface ( that of the braid here ) on account of fluctuating external charge .
fluctuating fields can not exist inside a fixed equipotential surface ( that of the braid here ) on account of fluctuating [outside] charge .

The external audit showed an openness to change among the employees and no instant desire to blame other departments when things went wrong .
the [outside] audit showed an openness to change among the employees and no instant desire to blame other departments when things went wrong .

Delivery performance far outstripped any other cause of complaint by internal or external customers .
delivery performance far outstripped any other cause of complaint by internal or [outside] customers .

Two external consultants helped them focus on the key issues .
two [outside] consultants helped them focus on the key issues .

On taking up the secondment full time at MOPs , the external manifestations of the quality initiative were less obvious .
on taking up the secondment full time at mops , the [outside] manifestations of the quality initiative were less obvious .

The project 's residential workers are not qualified therapists , though many have received external training on short courses .
the project 's residential workers are not qualified therapists , though many have received [outside] training on short courses .

Its application is much wider and encompassing the entire organisation and its various external and internal ‘ publics ’ .
its application is much wider and encompassing the entire organisation and its various [outside] and internal ‘ publics ’ .

Table 3 ( Japanese External Trade Organisation , 1976 ) translates some of the more common Japanese business titles .
table 3 ( japanese [outside] trade organisation , 1976 ) translates some of the more common japanese business titles .

External correspondence , publications wherever possible , accounts etc on recycled paper and clearly marked as such . [ National implications but could we be a leader ? ]
[outside] correspondence , publications wherever possible , accounts etc on recycled paper and clearly marked as such . [ national implications but could we be a leader ? ]

Your employees have internal as well as external customers .
your employees have internal as well as [outside] customers .

Defining the requirements of internal as well as external customers is a good way of getting people , particularly in functional departments , to think about their customers .
defining the requirements of internal as well as [outside] customers is a good way of getting people , particularly in functional departments , to think about their customers .

Everyone realises that the external customer is becoming more and more demanding .
everyone realises that the [outside] customer is becoming more and more demanding .

In the external world , Japan is a place Chris Hampson believes we can learn from .
in the [outside] world , japan is a place chris hampson believes we can learn from .

it 's still taken it , it 's something that 's external
it 's still taken it , it 's something that 's [outside]

These will tend to be more stable than smaller tanks in water terms , less affected by external temperature changes , will enable you to keep a wider range of fish , and are likely to be more useful as your interests in the hobby develops into keeping larger fish or into breeding projects .
these will tend to be more stable than smaller tanks in water terms , less affected by [outside] temperature changes , will enable you to keep a wider range of fish , and are likely to be more useful as your interests in the hobby develops into keeping larger fish or into breeding projects .

Air pumps can also power internal or external filters .
air pumps can also power internal or [outside] filters .

Take a careful look at your fish to see if there are any external parasites , such as flukes , which may be causing the fish to rub themselves constantly .
take a careful look at your fish to see if there are any [outside] parasites , such as flukes , which may be causing the fish to rub themselves constantly .

Clearly butterfly and angelfish require space , zero levels of toxins , high oxygen content , as natural and varied a diet as possible — and no external shocks .
clearly butterfly and angelfish require space , zero levels of toxins , high oxygen content , as natural and varied a diet as possible — and no [outside] shocks .

Many fishkeepers purchase an external power filter and use it for years with the same media .
many fishkeepers purchase an [outside] power filter and use it for years with the same media .

Fungus ( external — saprolegniasis )
fungus ( [outside] — saprolegniasis )

If you suspect a true external fungus infection treat with proprietary brand of fungus care .
if you suspect a true [outside] fungus infection treat with proprietary brand of fungus care .

Without going over all the ground again it 's necessary to state that Siporax is a sintered glass material with a massive external and internal area for bacteria and therefore a remarkably small quantity should be able to filter a vast pond .
without going over all the ground again it 's necessary to state that siporax is a sintered glass material with a massive [outside] and internal area for bacteria and therefore a remarkably small quantity should be able to filter a vast pond .

Also we need to consider the flying leads which we wish to take from the board and hook up to external switches , indicators etc .
also we need to consider the flying leads which we wish to take from the board and hook up to [outside] switches , indicators etc .

Only an external event could have interfered with Newton 's laws of celestial motion .
only an [outside] event could have interfered with newton 's laws of celestial motion .

Rising levels of oxygen would benefit the slowly evolving vertebrates , with mutations involving stiffening through the growth of external coverings , which ordinarily would have been lethal since they would inhibit the diffusion of oxygen .
rising levels of oxygen would benefit the slowly evolving vertebrates , with mutations involving stiffening through the growth of [outside] coverings , which ordinarily would have been lethal since they would inhibit the diffusion of oxygen .

Such a confession of faith requires no external verification in the same way as statements of fact .
such a confession of faith requires no [outside] verification in the same way as statements of fact .

The 3630 uses an external power supply and the overall appearance is that of a professional studio tool .
the 3630 uses an [outside] power supply and the overall appearance is that of a professional studio tool .

These sockets are followed by a useful tuner output which feeds any external guitar tuner without interrupting the signal path .
these sockets are followed by a useful tuner output which feeds any [outside] guitar tuner without interrupting the signal path .

Each patch can contain up to ten effects , plus whatever 's in the external effects loop .
each patch can contain up to ten effects , plus whatever 's in the [outside] effects loop .

And for a really considered exposition of it we can turn to Charles Temple 's Native Races and their Rulers ( 1918 ) , a remarkable work which , though it bears the unmistakable stamp of a mind operating obsessively in isolation , pursuing ideas by their internal logic rather than by the rules of external evidence , can yet be assumed to possess a representative character .
and for a really considered exposition of it we can turn to charles temple 's native races and their rulers ( 1918 ) , a remarkable work which , though it bears the unmistakable stamp of a mind operating obsessively in isolation , pursuing ideas by their internal logic rather than by the rules of [outside] evidence , can yet be assumed to possess a representative character .

In 1912 he believed that the ‘ principles of self-government ’ had already ‘ been applied in their most extreme form ’ in Canada and South Africa — a date at which neither of these countries had acquired any formal control over their external relations .
in 1912 he believed that the ‘ principles of self-government ’ had already ‘ been applied in their most extreme form ’ in canada and south africa — a date at which neither of these countries had acquired any formal control over their [outside] relations .

The terms of the agreement were as follows : that political prisoners were to be released and the relevant ordinances withdrawn ; that civil disobedience was to be stopped ; that the boycott of British goods would cease , though ‘ peaceful picketing ’ could continue ; that there would be no change in the salt laws , though people living by the sea could make some for personal consumption ; and that Congress was to be represented at future sessions of the Round Table conference , the agreed agenda being federation , ‘ Indian responsibility ’ , and ‘ reservations or safeguards in the interests of India for such matters as , for instance , defence ; external affairs ; the position of minorities ; the financial credit of India , and the discharge of obligations ’ .
the terms of the agreement were as follows : that political prisoners were to be released and the relevant ordinances withdrawn ; that civil disobedience was to be stopped ; that the boycott of british goods would cease , though ‘ peaceful picketing ’ could continue ; that there would be no change in the salt laws , though people living by the sea could make some for personal consumption ; and that congress was to be represented at future sessions of the round table conference , the agreed agenda being federation , ‘ indian responsibility ’ , and ‘ reservations or safeguards in the interests of india for such matters as , for instance , defence ; [outside] affairs ; the position of minorities ; the financial credit of india , and the discharge of obligations ’ .

They are also incorporated into internal filters and external filters ; and provide the water moving power for the most advanced trickle or wet and dry filters ( which are usually gravity-fed , the pump being in the last section to return the water . )
they are also incorporated into internal filters and [outside] filters ; and provide the water moving power for the most advanced trickle or wet and dry filters ( which are usually gravity-fed , the pump being in the last section to return the water . )

The external filter may contain mechanical , chemical and biological filtration media
the [outside] filter may contain mechanical , chemical and biological filtration media

It 's suitable for even the most advanced fishkeeping , and often forms a part of more complicated systems , when it can be fed from an external or internal filter .
it 's suitable for even the most advanced fishkeeping , and often forms a part of more complicated systems , when it can be fed from an [outside] or internal filter .

Internal or external filters have many fans .
internal or [outside] filters have many fans .

External filters usually hang on the side of the tank — or more commonly these days sit underneath it .
[outside] filters usually hang on the side of the tank — or more commonly these days sit underneath it .

Adsorb — Adsorption is the process by which a substance such as charcoal binds other substances onto its internal or external surfaces — as opposed to absorption which means soaking-up .
adsorb — adsorption is the process by which a substance such as charcoal binds other substances onto its internal or [outside] surfaces — as opposed to absorption which means soaking-up .

Antibacterial treatments can take the form of baths , external application to affected areas , injection and oral administration via the food .
antibacterial treatments can take the form of baths , [outside] application to affected areas , injection and oral administration via the food .

Rift Valley Cichlids and Marines live in huge areas of water which are very stable and not easily influenced by external changes .
rift valley cichlids and marines live in huge areas of water which are very stable and not easily influenced by [outside] changes .

An external powerfilter is effective , but internal units , especially reverse-flow undergravel types are good .
an [outside] powerfilter is effective , but internal units , especially reverse-flow undergravel types are good .

It 's filtered with four powerheads running undergravels , a wet and dry gravity-fed trickle filter , and two external power filters .
it 's filtered with four powerheads running undergravels , a wet and dry gravity-fed trickle filter , and two [outside] power filters .

The aquarium is 3′6″ × 18″ × 12″ and is well filtered by an external Fluval 301 , two powerheads and a Fluval 3 internal filter .
the aquarium is 3′6″ × 18″ × 12″ and is well filtered by an [outside] fluval 301 , two powerheads and a fluval 3 internal filter .

Newly imported fish often suffer from external parasites , such as anchor worm and flukes , which standard dealer practices will remove before the Koi goes on sale .
newly imported fish often suffer from [outside] parasites , such as anchor worm and flukes , which standard dealer practices will remove before the koi goes on sale .

Local fish always carry parasites — not just the external ones which may respond to treatment , but internal ones such as tapeworms .
local fish always carry parasites — not just the [outside] ones which may respond to treatment , but internal ones such as tapeworms .

The system has a control centre , an infra-red motion detector , a door and window contact sensor , a portable remote control unit and an external siren .
the system has a control centre , an infra-red motion detector , a door and window contact sensor , a portable remote control unit and an [outside] siren .

Remember that the success behind this unit relies on a convincing external appearance .
remember that the success behind this unit relies on a convincing [outside] appearance .

The output of the oscillator is passed to the unknown capacitor and an integrating charge-pump detector arrangement is used to provide a direct current to operate the external multimeter ( switched to the 2mA d.c. current range ) .
the output of the oscillator is passed to the unknown capacitor and an integrating charge-pump detector arrangement is used to provide a direct current to operate the [outside] multimeter ( switched to the 2ma d.c. current range ) .

The unit possesses an external effects send and return facility to allow the user to incorporate external devices into the programmed settings .
the unit possesses an [outside] effects send and return facility to allow the user to incorporate [outside] devices into the programmed settings .

The external appearance of the building is most unusual , with a sturdy , embattled tower at the west end of the south aisle , and a big chancel much higher than the nave .
the [outside] appearance of the building is most unusual , with a sturdy , embattled tower at the west end of the south aisle , and a big chancel much higher than the nave .

Filtration should be in the form of an external power filter , with the outlet pipes sheltered to prevent too high a water flow .
filtration should be in the form of an [outside] power filter , with the outlet pipes sheltered to prevent too high a water flow .

but are best used in conjunction with an external filter to eliminate the problems of dead spots when the eels burrow — or when they decide that the uplift pipe would make an ideal home , so ensure the tops are tightly fitted !
but are best used in conjunction with an [outside] filter to eliminate the problems of dead spots when the eels burrow — or when they decide that the uplift pipe would make an ideal home , so ensure the tops are tightly fitted !

Power for this method is best supplied by one or more external canister filters , which should be capable of turning over the tank water at least three times each hour .
power for this method is best supplied by one or more [outside] canister filters , which should be capable of turning over the tank water at least three times each hour .

Chronic degenerative diseases result from a combination of external environmental factors and internal inherited factors , with the proportion due to each varying both with the individual and the disease .
chronic degenerative diseases result from a combination of [outside] environmental factors and internal inherited factors , with the proportion due to each varying both with the individual and the disease .

In the development of illness , therefore , a combination of external and internal factors is involved in the majority of cases in the production of the original imbalance , and this imbalance can occur on any level , depending on the main thrust of the external stress .
in the development of illness , therefore , a combination of [outside] and internal factors is involved in the majority of cases in the production of the original imbalance , and this imbalance can occur on any level , depending on the main thrust of the [outside] stress .

An individual may be under stress from a variety of factors , possibly both internal and external , but is able to cope and is strong enough to keep the system in balance , but only just .
an individual may be under stress from a variety of factors , possibly both internal and [outside] , but is able to cope and is strong enough to keep the system in balance , but only just .

The harmful environmental factors constitute the external factors in the production of disease ( its aetiology ) .
the harmful environmental factors constitute the [outside] factors in the production of disease ( its aetiology ) .

External factors include pollution of the environment — the air , water , soil and food ; infectious agents such as bacteria , viruses and other parasites ; the sort of work we do , which can give rise to postural problems ; the people we work and live with ; the amount of exercise we take ; the amount of fresh air we breathe ; the amount of rest , relaxation and sleep we get , and so on .
[outside] factors include pollution of the environment — the air , water , soil and food ; infectious agents such as bacteria , viruses and other parasites ; the sort of work we do , which can give rise to postural problems ; the people we work and live with ; the amount of exercise we take ; the amount of fresh air we breathe ; the amount of rest , relaxation and sleep we get , and so on .

Both the external and the internal factors can affect us at the physical , emotional , mental and spiritual levels .
both the [outside] and the internal factors can affect us at the physical , emotional , mental and spiritual levels .

single compartment main body with drawstring top ; lid pocket with rear zip and pleated top which expands for extra capacity ; 12in deep side pockets with semi-circular zips — one also has a small zipped external pouch for keys and bits and bobs ; large pocket at front of sack with wrap-around zip .
single compartment main body with drawstring top ; lid pocket with rear zip and pleated top which expands for extra capacity ; 12in deep side pockets with semi-circular zips — one also has a small zipped [outside] pouch for keys and bits and bobs ; large pocket at front of sack with wrap-around zip .

Guylines : four external guylines with 10 ground pegging out points .
guylines : four [outside] guylines with 10 ground pegging out points .

Four poles are inserted into external sleeves and placed into their respective eyelets at ground level so the flysheet becomes a free standing structure .
four poles are inserted into [outside] sleeves and placed into their respective eyelets at ground level so the flysheet becomes a free standing structure .

Guylines : six external guylines with non-slip adjusters .
guylines : six [outside] guylines with non-slip adjusters .

Guylines : six external guys with 14 pegging points .
guylines : six [outside] guys with 14 pegging points .

With all the external guys pegged out it hardly moves in the wind .
with all the [outside] guys pegged out it hardly moves in the wind .

Guylines : five external guylines and 12 ground pegging points , all attached to the fly .
guylines : five [outside] guylines and 12 ground pegging points , all attached to the fly .

Guylines : there are ten strong bungy cords at ground level with two external guys .
guylines : there are ten strong bungy cords at ground level with two [outside] guys .

Guylines : six bungy ground guys and 12 external guylines .
guylines : six bungy ground guys and 12 [outside] guylines .

Costing £225 , the Kishtwar jacket is made from Gore-Tex fabric and comes with three zipped external pockets , a two-way front zip and Velcro cuffs .
costing £225 , the kishtwar jacket is made from gore-tex fabric and comes with three zipped [outside] pockets , a two-way front zip and velcro cuffs .

External frames are sometimes available , but are less stable to carry .
[outside] frames are sometimes available , but are less stable to carry .

Frame : This may be internal , external , moulded or simply two straight or curved plastic or metal bars .
frame : this may be internal , [outside] , moulded or simply two straight or curved plastic or metal bars .

The twentieth century is as much a century of war as any other in human history and there has been no diminution in the external use of force by states since war became illegal in 1945 .
the twentieth century is as much a century of war as any other in human history and there has been no diminution in the [outside] use of force by states since war became illegal in 1945 .

In fact it is best not to think of ethical positivism as a theory of natural law because this may lead to consequences which are directly contrary to those sought , namely , the appeal to ‘ higher ’ laws as a basis for disobeying positive law , and the pursuit of an external validation for the devices of positive law which posits the existence of metaphysical rules to be discovered by a process of moral inspection .
in fact it is best not to think of ethical positivism as a theory of natural law because this may lead to consequences which are directly contrary to those sought , namely , the appeal to ‘ higher ’ laws as a basis for disobeying positive law , and the pursuit of an [outside] validation for the devices of positive law which posits the existence of metaphysical rules to be discovered by a process of moral inspection .

That is , we continue to work with God , or maybe even without him , but the thought of self-sufficiency is not expressed so boldly : Finally , we reach a stage at which , whatever our external life is saying , our internal attitude is one of complete autonomy and arrogant self-sufficiency , though this may not be evident , especially to ourselves .
that is , we continue to work with god , or maybe even without him , but the thought of self-sufficiency is not expressed so boldly : finally , we reach a stage at which , whatever our [outside] life is saying , our internal attitude is one of complete autonomy and arrogant self-sufficiency , though this may not be evident , especially to ourselves .

Even without statutory warrant , it would make sense for privilege to attach to whatever a Member does as an incident of discharging his functions as a Member in relation to the proceedings of the House itself ( as opposed to in his external role as a political figure , or in relation to constituents , members of the public and non-parliamentary bodies ) .
even without statutory warrant , it would make sense for privilege to attach to whatever a member does as an incident of discharging his functions as a member in relation to the proceedings of the house itself ( as opposed to in his [outside] role as a political figure , or in relation to constituents , members of the public and non-parliamentary bodies ) .

External restraints on sovereignty
[outside] restraints on sovereignty

At the Church Centre external painting was completed and a major rainwater leak cured .
at the church centre [outside] painting was completed and a major rainwater leak cured .

Drawing extensively on teachers ' own reflections and comments he points to various external constraints that structure the tasks teachers are expected to perform , as well as those deriving from the organization of time , space and activities in schools themselves .
drawing extensively on teachers ' own reflections and comments he points to various [outside] constraints that structure the tasks teachers are expected to perform , as well as those deriving from the organization of time , space and activities in schools themselves .

Ball examines the relationship between schools and their wider socio-political context as a dynamic one , emphasizing the variety of ways in which schools cope with and respond to increased external intervention .
ball examines the relationship between schools and their wider socio-political context as a dynamic one , emphasizing the variety of ways in which schools cope with and respond to increased [outside] intervention .

External pressure for change is seen as mediated through the ‘ micro-politics ’ of school life , a term used to refer to the conflicts and struggles between various interest groups within schools .
[outside] pressure for change is seen as mediated through the ‘ micro-politics ’ of school life , a term used to refer to the conflicts and struggles between various interest groups within schools .

That strategy incorporates a review of the content of courses of initial teacher training ; the establishment of a committee for the accreditation of courses of teacher education ; an inquiry into the procedures for the external validation of courses in public sector higher education ; an inquiry into selection for teaching ; suggestions for regular staff appraisal of teachers , and the public reporting by Her Majesty 's Inspectorate of their findings on visits to schools and colleges .
that strategy incorporates a review of the content of courses of initial teacher training ; the establishment of a committee for the accreditation of courses of teacher education ; an inquiry into the procedures for the [outside] validation of courses in public sector higher education ; an inquiry into selection for teaching ; suggestions for regular staff appraisal of teachers , and the public reporting by her majesty 's inspectorate of their findings on visits to schools and colleges .

its suitability for , and protection by , the conditions of teacher isolation , where external criteria of professional competence are ostensibly met and inducements to change are absent . For those who wish to weaken the hold that transmission teaching has within the educational system , this more sociological approach to understanding the conditions of teaching quality suggests not a tightening-up of selection procedures , an improvement of training , and an emphasis in training and staff deployment on the strengthening of subject expertise , but policies such as the following :
its suitability for , and protection by , the conditions of teacher isolation , where [outside] criteria of professional competence are ostensibly met and inducements to change are absent . for those who wish to weaken the hold that transmission teaching has within the educational system , this more sociological approach to understanding the conditions of teaching quality suggests not a tightening-up of selection procedures , an improvement of training , and an emphasis in training and staff deployment on the strengthening of subject expertise , but policies such as the following :

Another , upon which it depends and which usually arises early in a child 's educational career , before the extrinsic rewards have become so tangible and external , is his or her teacher 's public comparison of one student with another .
another , upon which it depends and which usually arises early in a child 's educational career , before the extrinsic rewards have become so tangible and [outside] , is his or her teacher 's public comparison of one student with another .

Having said this , the question still remains as to whether such records , particularly where associated with unfamiliar curricular approaches , can successfully challenge the status of external examination certificates in the eyes of the world at large , especially parents and employers .
having said this , the question still remains as to whether such records , particularly where associated with unfamiliar curricular approaches , can successfully challenge the status of [outside] examination certificates in the eyes of the world at large , especially parents and employers .

By the same token , most record-of-achievement schemes now are actively searching for some form of external accreditation through the validation of school procedures and pupils ' overall programmes .
by the same token , most record-of-achievement schemes now are actively searching for some form of [outside] accreditation through the validation of school procedures and pupils ' overall programmes .

This balance between an individual 's freedom of choice , or ‘ free will ’ as it is often described , and the influences of forces external to each individual , called determinism , has been the basis of much philosophical and theological debate .
this balance between an individual 's freedom of choice , or ‘ free will ’ as it is often described , and the influences of forces [outside] to each individual , called determinism , has been the basis of much philosophical and theological debate .

Usually it requires external funding to meet costs of staff and data processing .
usually it requires [outside] funding to meet costs of staff and data processing .

It is now suggested that it is much more appropriate to see child abuse as a result of multiple interacting factors , including the parents ' and children 's psychological traits , the family 's place in the larger social and economic structure , and the balance of external supports and stresses , both interpersonal and material .
it is now suggested that it is much more appropriate to see child abuse as a result of multiple interacting factors , including the parents ' and children 's psychological traits , the family 's place in the larger social and economic structure , and the balance of [outside] supports and stresses , both interpersonal and material .

Would-be practitioners of planning did not clearly understand the constraints imposed on their activities by external economic relations and pressures .
would-be practitioners of planning did not clearly understand the constraints imposed on their activities by [outside] economic relations and pressures .

It involved the establishment of priorities and the consequent direction of resources to close the external gap .
it involved the establishment of priorities and the consequent direction of resources to close the [outside] gap .

Until the early 1960s external pressures were not , in the main , strong enough to precipitate crises within companies , forcing them into radical reorganisation .
until the early 1960s [outside] pressures were not , in the main , strong enough to precipitate crises within companies , forcing them into radical reorganisation .

Restrictions on external dealings have been a recurrent prescription for the cure of British economic ills .
restrictions on [outside] dealings have been a recurrent prescription for the cure of british economic ills .

More generally in relation to external dealings , the advantages which the City of London possesses as a major international financial centre were listed by the Wilson Committee : its historical role as centre of the pax Britannica economica ; its geographical position close to Europe and between America and Asia ; the overlap of its working day with those of both Europe and Asia ; political stability ; a high degree of integrity ; a flexible regulatory system ; a concentration of ancillary and cognate services ; and the universality of the English language .
more generally in relation to [outside] dealings , the advantages which the city of london possesses as a major international financial centre were listed by the wilson committee : its historical role as centre of the pax britannica economica ; its geographical position close to europe and between america and asia ; the overlap of its working day with those of both europe and asia ; political stability ; a high degree of integrity ; a flexible regulatory system ; a concentration of ancillary and cognate services ; and the universality of the english language .

About half of the papers are rejected after being read by two editors without being sent for external peer review .
about half of the papers are rejected after being read by two editors without being sent for [outside] peer review .

McKenna suggests that infants sleeping alone lose the external sensory stimulation that may stabilise breathing .
mckenna suggests that infants sleeping alone lose the [outside] sensory stimulation that may stabilise breathing .

All come with either two slot housings , which provide room for one external and one internal mass memory device , or four slot housings , which doubles this capacity .
all come with either two slot housings , which provide room for one [outside] and one internal mass memory device , or four slot housings , which doubles this capacity .

It has several graphic editors for handling rules generation , linguistic variables and system structure , with 8-bit resolution for all internal and external data .
it has several graphic editors for handling rules generation , linguistic variables and system structure , with 8-bit resolution for all internal and [outside] data .

Hidden fixings and jointings enable clean , uninterrupted lines that enhance an external facade .
hidden fixings and jointings enable clean , uninterrupted lines that enhance an [outside] facade .

Ruberlok is applied internally to the underside of the roof leaving the external appearance unchanged .
ruberlok is applied internally to the underside of the roof leaving the [outside] appearance unchanged .

The plant manufactures finished components and external doors .
the plant manufactures finished components and [outside] doors .

Mr Erlund said the firm had already initiated a number of action plans and streamlining measures but ‘ these can only alleviate some of the mentioned negative external conditions ’ .
mr erlund said the firm had already initiated a number of action plans and streamlining measures but ‘ these can only alleviate some of the mentioned negative [outside] conditions ’ .

The external threat to it of the restoration of Roman Catholicism through foreign invasion was in the long run less serious than that posed by the Puritans from within .
the [outside] threat to it of the restoration of roman catholicism through foreign invasion was in the long run less serious than that posed by the puritans from within .

Delusions that the mind is being controlled by an external force or that thoughts are being inserted or removed or can be heard by others .
delusions that the mind is being controlled by an [outside] force or that thoughts are being inserted or removed or can be heard by others .

For example , he or she may complain now of thoughts racing through the head , now of having no thoughts at all , or , on one occasion , of being bombarded by external stimulation , making concentration difficult , and , on another , of being fixated on some trivial detail in the outside world .
for example , he or she may complain now of thoughts racing through the head , now of having no thoughts at all , or , on one occasion , of being bombarded by [outside] stimulation , making concentration difficult , and , on another , of being fixated on some trivial detail in the outside world .

Indeed in many — perhaps the majority of — cases of , say , depression the altered affect is perfectly understandable as a reaction to external stress , such as loss , bereavement , failure , or social circumstances .
indeed in many — perhaps the majority of — cases of , say , depression the altered affect is perfectly understandable as a reaction to [outside] stress , such as loss , bereavement , failure , or social circumstances .

Here ‘ autism ’ refers to the domination of consciousness by fantasy , by internally generated thoughts which the psychotic individual finds increasingly difficult to distinguish from ideas that originate in perceptions of external reality .
here ‘ autism ’ refers to the domination of consciousness by fantasy , by internally generated thoughts which the psychotic individual finds increasingly difficult to distinguish from ideas that originate in perceptions of [outside] reality .

Simultaneously with clinical observations such as these , academic psychologists were also beginning to incorporate a similar idea into their models of normal cognitive functioning and most contemporary theories of human information processing contain the notion of a mechanism that screens and selects the products of consciousness ; necessarily so , since organised thought would be impossible without some device that allows the mind to choose from among the many stimuli — both internal and external — with which it is constantly bombarded .
simultaneously with clinical observations such as these , academic psychologists were also beginning to incorporate a similar idea into their models of normal cognitive functioning and most contemporary theories of human information processing contain the notion of a mechanism that screens and selects the products of consciousness ; necessarily so , since organised thought would be impossible without some device that allows the mind to choose from among the many stimuli — both internal and [outside] — with which it is constantly bombarded .

The schizophrenic 's and schizotypal individual 's hypersensitivity , which many clinicians have emphasised , can be traced to weak modulation of stimuli that impinge upon the mind , leading to an undue awareness of events — both internal and external — less available to others .
the schizophrenic 's and schizotypal individual 's hypersensitivity , which many clinicians have emphasised , can be traced to weak modulation of stimuli that impinge upon the mind , leading to an undue awareness of events — both internal and [outside] — less available to others .

Whilst external social factors may be of some relevance to the management , even control , of the behaviour of those afflicted , the harsh fact is that external social influences play little part in its onset or progress .
whilst [outside] social factors may be of some relevance to the management , even control , of the behaviour of those afflicted , the harsh fact is that [outside] social influences play little part in its onset or progress .

Fears and anxieties surrounding the provision of adequate warmth may be a rational response to the external situation , or , on occasion , excessive .
fears and anxieties surrounding the provision of adequate warmth may be a rational response to the [outside] situation , or , on occasion , excessive .

We are also all dependent on external systems for the maintenance of our dwellings and essential equipment .
we are also all dependent on [outside] systems for the maintenance of our dwellings and essential equipment .

But this only exemplifies a much more general unevenness in such welfare provision , affected by many external factors such as local authority politics .
but this only exemplifies a much more general unevenness in such welfare provision , affected by many [outside] factors such as local authority politics .

Behaviour has become a mechanical outcome of internal physiological and external physical and social forces .
behaviour has become a mechanical outcome of internal physiological and [outside] physical and social forces .

Although desires are internal , they are all linked to the external world through objects .
although desires are internal , they are all linked to the [outside] world through objects .

Both can satisfactorily detect situations in which inappropriate suffering is occurring because of external deficiencies in food , warmth , income , housing and health .
both can satisfactorily detect situations in which inappropriate suffering is occurring because of [outside] deficiencies in food , warmth , income , housing and health .

As the majority of the roof load , thatch or oak shingles , was placed on the wall plates , steeply inclined external raking timbers counteracted the thrust of the rafters .
as the majority of the roof load , thatch or oak shingles , was placed on the wall plates , steeply inclined [outside] raking timbers counteracted the thrust of the rafters .

The Ampoules are designed for non-surgical , external application and contain very active ingredients , which when used correctly , and especially when used in conjunction with the other preparations in the programme can produce spectacular results .
the ampoules are designed for non-surgical , [outside] application and contain very active ingredients , which when used correctly , and especially when used in conjunction with the other preparations in the programme can produce spectacular results .

According to Index on Censorship , lawyers claimed that there had been ‘ insufficient evidence ’ and that the outcome of the trial had been influenced by ‘ external pressures ’ which amounted to an international campaign against ranchers in the Amazon ( see pages 18–19 ) .
according to index on censorship , lawyers claimed that there had been ‘ insufficient evidence ’ and that the outcome of the trial had been influenced by ‘ [outside] pressures ’ which amounted to an international campaign against ranchers in the amazon ( see pages 18–19 ) .

Behind the external appearance of harshness and reserve lay sensitivity , suffering , even humour ; Wordsworth took some time to get to know , but those who dared to make the attempt were often agreeably surprised .
behind the [outside] appearance of harshness and reserve lay sensitivity , suffering , even humour ; wordsworth took some time to get to know , but those who dared to make the attempt were often agreeably surprised .

They are often indistinguishable in external appearance from the larger nonconformist chapels in the next street .
they are often indistinguishable in [outside] appearance from the larger nonconformist chapels in the next street .

There is little room for poetry — a product of the despised Fancy — in all this ; yet Wordsworth was in the Locke tradition when he rejected the ‘ gaudy and inane phraseology ’ of the Fancy and devoted a long poem to the description of how Nature ( in Locke 's sense of the whole external world rather than simply mountains and lakes ) formed his mental character .
there is little room for poetry — a product of the despised fancy — in all this ; yet wordsworth was in the locke tradition when he rejected the ‘ gaudy and inane phraseology ’ of the fancy and devoted a long poem to the description of how nature ( in locke 's sense of the whole [outside] world rather than simply mountains and lakes ) formed his mental character .

Wordsworth took the materialist philosophy of Locke and Hartley which had sufficed the eighteenth century , and changed round the terms , writing in positive instead of negative signs Instead of a dead universe described in terms of machines from which the Creator had departed , he proposed a living universe called ‘ Nature ’ described in terms of growth and organic life , which was being continuously created by a God who was inextricably involved in all its parts Whereas in Locke the mind at birth was ‘ a white paper ’ , with no innate ideas , in Wordsworth the mind retains in early childhood some consciousness of a pre-existent state ; in Locke the mind passively receives impressions from the senses , but in but in Wordsworth the mind actively perceives and a creative power within the mind organizes the multitude of chaotic sense impressions into a partial picture of the world . But it is necessary for the individual mind to cooperate with the external Mind in Nature ; the two minds are related and together they create the world — in Tintern Abbey the beholder loves
wordsworth took the materialist philosophy of locke and hartley which had sufficed the eighteenth century , and changed round the terms , writing in positive instead of negative signs instead of a dead universe described in terms of machines from which the creator had departed , he proposed a living universe called ‘ nature ’ described in terms of growth and organic life , which was being continuously created by a god who was inextricably involved in all its parts whereas in locke the mind at birth was ‘ a white paper ’ , with no innate ideas , in wordsworth the mind retains in early childhood some consciousness of a pre-existent state ; in locke the mind passively receives impressions from the senses , but in but in wordsworth the mind actively perceives and a creative power within the mind organizes the multitude of chaotic sense impressions into a partial picture of the world . but it is necessary for the individual mind to cooperate with the [outside] mind in nature ; the two minds are related and together they create the world — in tintern abbey the beholder loves

Finally , in moments of vision the internal mind ‘ goes out into the external Mind ; they communicate through new kinds of sense experience — this is what the ‘ sublime ’ passages in Tintern Abbey and The Prelude are about .
finally , in moments of vision the internal mind ‘ goes out into the [outside] mind ; they communicate through new kinds of sense experience — this is what the ‘ sublime ’ passages in tintern abbey and the prelude are about .

The theme of The Prelude is the growth of the individual mind under the guidance of the Mind of external Nature . The Babe is
the theme of the prelude is the growth of the individual mind under the guidance of the mind of [outside] nature . the babe is

Mind , in his system , is always passive — a lazy Looker-on on an external world .
mind , in his system , is always passive — a lazy looker-on on an [outside] world .

He begins with the mind as ‘ white paper ’ ( following Locke ) , describes ‘ external sensible objects ’ , then records — as , for example , in the ‘ sense of unknown modes of being ’ after the boat-stealing incident — what he felt at the time , and then adds a later ‘ reflection ’ or meditation upon the event from the point of view of the author writing in 1798–1805 .
he begins with the mind as ‘ white paper ’ ( following locke ) , describes ‘ [outside] sensible objects ’ , then records — as , for example , in the ‘ sense of unknown modes of being ’ after the boat-stealing incident — what he felt at the time , and then adds a later ‘ reflection ’ or meditation upon the event from the point of view of the author writing in 1798–1805 .

Like Julia , in the earlier book , Beth catches things ‘ on the hop ’ — almost as a student whose mind is more imaginative than philosophical will react to a first reading of Bishop Berkeley by quickly turning his head , hoping to witness the sudden appearance or disappearance of those external objects which are supposed to depend on his perception of them for their existence .
like julia , in the earlier book , beth catches things ‘ on the hop ’ — almost as a student whose mind is more imaginative than philosophical will react to a first reading of bishop berkeley by quickly turning his head , hoping to witness the sudden appearance or disappearance of those [outside] objects which are supposed to depend on his perception of them for their existence .

One context in which multiple-objective problems arise is when the objective function can be one of several possibilities , which one being determined by external factors beyond the control of the decision-maker .
one context in which multiple-objective problems arise is when the objective function can be one of several possibilities , which one being determined by [outside] factors beyond the control of the decision-maker .

None could perform external cardiac compression competently ; only five could ventilate adequately .
none could perform [outside] cardiac compression competently ; only five could ventilate adequately .

1.1 Wound management is the pursuit of the permanent , functional and aesthetic healing of the patient 's wound through the promotion of physiological healing and the prevention of elimination of factors — whether local , systemic or external — that disturb healing
1.1 wound management is the pursuit of the permanent , functional and aesthetic healing of the patient 's wound through the promotion of physiological healing and the prevention of elimination of factors — whether local , systemic or [outside] — that disturb healing

He did an external autopsy , dictating into a recorder in his measured Scottish lilt .
he did an [outside] autopsy , dictating into a recorder in his measured scottish lilt .

We may observe in the future a continued trend in the use of sub-contractors , consultants , and other external agencies , thus reducing the core size of currently large firms .
we may observe in the future a continued trend in the use of sub-contractors , consultants , and other [outside] agencies , thus reducing the core size of currently large firms .

Emergency external canopy release below resembles an office fire alarm .
emergency [outside] canopy release below resembles an office fire alarm .

English language broadcasts remained but were made part of the country 's external radio services .
english language broadcasts remained but were made part of the country 's [outside] radio services .

The separate English Service was ended in 1970 and incorporated into the External Service , which could be heard both inside and outside the country .
the separate english service was ended in 1970 and incorporated into the [outside] service , which could be heard both inside and outside the country .

The local transmissions of the External Service were for the many expatriates working in the country who understood little or no Swahili .
the local transmissions of the [outside] service were for the many expatriates working in the country who understood little or no swahili .

‘ But when technique enters into every area of life , including the human , it ceases to be external to man and becomes his very substance .
‘ but when technique enters into every area of life , including the human , it ceases to be [outside] to man and becomes his very substance .

And so the incredible growth of government throughout this century has been in response to all kinds of problems : economic insecurity , unemployment , declining industries , poverty , natural monopolies , external costs , pollution , inflation .
and so the incredible growth of government throughout this century has been in response to all kinds of problems : economic insecurity , unemployment , declining industries , poverty , natural monopolies , [outside] costs , pollution , inflation .

The company succeeded in creating an identity between its own interests and that of the local community , particularly the elite of the local town : ‘ The petty bourgeoisie who dominated the town had proved incapable of generating economic growth and in pursuit of its interests in expanding retail markets had devoted their energies to attracting external capital which would provide employment ’ . This company town mentality was shown by the local Chamber of Commerce 's response , issued after an emergency meeting , when the coalition government in 1973 abolished the 20-year tax concession :
the company succeeded in creating an identity between its own interests and that of the local community , particularly the elite of the local town : ‘ the petty bourgeoisie who dominated the town had proved incapable of generating economic growth and in pursuit of its interests in expanding retail markets had devoted their energies to attracting [outside] capital which would provide employment ’ . this company town mentality was shown by the local chamber of commerce 's response , issued after an emergency meeting , when the coalition government in 1973 abolished the 20-year tax concession :

The Cluniac reformers promoted the ideal of the pilgrimage , for example , as an external discipline which would help these new Europeans to cultivate an inner attitude .
the cluniac reformers promoted the ideal of the pilgrimage , for example , as an [outside] discipline which would help these new europeans to cultivate an inner attitude .

Extending the parallel with heroin one may say that addicts can be cured by the use of external force , and often they have to be , though their co-operation certainly helps .
extending the parallel with heroin one may say that addicts can be cured by the use of [outside] force , and often they have to be , though their co-operation certainly helps .

Nevertheless it seems that there the external power is abetted by some inner weakness , some potentially wicked impulse towards the wrong side .
nevertheless it seems that there the [outside] power is abetted by some inner weakness , some potentially wicked impulse towards the wrong side .

However if evil were merely a hateful and external power without echo in the hearts of the good , then someone might have to take the Ring to the Cracks of Doom , but it need not be Frodo : Gandalf could be trusted with it , while whoever went would have only to distrust his enemies , not his friends and not himself .
however if evil were merely a hateful and [outside] power without echo in the hearts of the good , then someone might have to take the ring to the cracks of doom , but it need not be frodo : gandalf could be trusted with it , while whoever went would have only to distrust his enemies , not his friends and not himself .

Maybe all sins need some combination of external prompting and inner weakness .
maybe all sins need some combination of [outside] prompting and inner weakness .

In Middle-earth , then , both good and evil function as external powers and as inner impulses from the psyche .
in middle-earth , then , both good and evil function as [outside] powers and as inner impulses from the psyche .

partly the causes were external — loss of friends , hosts of visitors — but partly temperamental : Tolkien could not ‘ discipline himself into adopting regular working methods ’ ( a fault of which he had been aware since the time of ‘ Leaf by Niggle ’ ) .
partly the causes were [outside] — loss of friends , hosts of visitors — but partly temperamental : tolkien could not ‘ discipline himself into adopting regular working methods ’ ( a fault of which he had been aware since the time of ‘ leaf by niggle ’ ) .

However , the external airmail was good and this greatly helped the morale of the British personnel .
however , the [outside] airmail was good and this greatly helped the morale of the british personnel .

So far , we have looked at the external environment in only a very general kind of way .
so far , we have looked at the [outside] environment in only a very general kind of way .

’ Whereas Flynn was at the other end of the scale , for , despite his external charm , he really seemed to care little about anybody 's well-being — possibly because he cared nothing for his own .
’ whereas flynn was at the other end of the scale , for , despite his [outside] charm , he really seemed to care little about anybody 's well-being — possibly because he cared nothing for his own .

Taking orders without question removed the need to make decisions or involve himself with external matters .
taking orders without question removed the need to make decisions or involve himself with [outside] matters .

‘ Tell her to set up Room 403 , for full scrambler equipment , and external telephone and telex communication connected into the central processor for monitoring .
‘ tell her to set up room 403 , for full scrambler equipment , and [outside] telephone and telex communication connected into the central processor for monitoring .

The floppy drive supplied with the 320SLi is an external unit , which weighs about 10oz .
the floppy drive supplied with the 320sli is an [outside] unit , which weighs about 10oz .

To some , a portable is a machine that only gets moved between the office and home , and is used with a proper external monitor and keyboard in both locations .
to some , a portable is a machine that only gets moved between the office and home , and is used with a proper [outside] monitor and keyboard in both locations .

The Microlin fx , like the Gem , is available as an internal card modem ( at £249 ) and as a small external modem ( at £299 ) .
the microlin fx , like the gem , is available as an internal card modem ( at £249 ) and as a small [outside] modem ( at £299 ) .

More immediately irritating is the need for that external power supply .
more immediately irritating is the need for that [outside] power supply .

It 's quite large as external modems go , and has two serial ports and parallel printer cable at the rear .
it 's quite large as [outside] modems go , and has two serial ports and parallel printer cable at the rear .

Criticizing the orthodox Marxism which regarded dialectics as an external law validated by natural science , Lukács argued for the primacy of history over economics as the most significant element in the methodology of Marxism .
criticizing the orthodox marxism which regarded dialectics as an [outside] law validated by natural science , lukács argued for the primacy of history over economics as the most significant element in the methodology of marxism .

He was concerned to explain how they came to accept jobs which to the external observer appeared to offer them only a lifetime of poorly paid , insecure and even dangerous work .
he was concerned to explain how they came to accept jobs which to the [outside] observer appeared to offer them only a lifetime of poorly paid , insecure and even dangerous work .

We explained the presence or absence of worker control over output and earnings by ‘ external factors ’ , social influences from outside the individual workshop , eg the organisation of the industry , its degree of capitalisation , the strength of trade unionism and the culture of the community ( Lupton and Cunnison , 1964 ) .
we explained the presence or absence of worker control over output and earnings by ‘ [outside] factors ’ , social influences from outside the individual workshop , eg the organisation of the industry , its degree of capitalisation , the strength of trade unionism and the culture of the community ( lupton and cunnison , 1964 ) .

The proposition linking external factors to workshop behaviour rested on the first three studies .
the proposition linking [outside] factors to workshop behaviour rested on the first three studies .

The overall picture of output controls fitted the findings of the early studies which stressed the importance of ‘ external factors ’ but the incident recounted above suggested that this was not the whole story .
the overall picture of output controls fitted the findings of the early studies which stressed the importance of ‘ [outside] factors ’ but the incident recounted above suggested that this was not the whole story .

Teachers will ensure there is an oral component in any assessment procedure they devise , and will pressure external examination bodies to do the same .
teachers will ensure there is an oral component in any assessment procedure they devise , and will pressure [outside] examination bodies to do the same .

The contours of the political system can not be seen as something external to the mass media , something on which they have an ‘ impact ’ , since they play a part in its determination by , for instance , giving meanings to events , by setting the agenda for debate and by shaping the political climate .
the contours of the political system can not be seen as something [outside] to the mass media , something on which they have an ‘ impact ’ , since they play a part in its determination by , for instance , giving meanings to events , by setting the agenda for debate and by shaping the political climate .

Throughout this period , the News-on-Sunday changed as both internal and external pressure challenged its very survival .
throughout this period , the news-on-sunday changed as both internal and [outside] pressure challenged its very survival .

They respond to external forces , to a variety of other pressures and to the changing requirements of their readers ; they evolve and adapt to changing circumstances .
they respond to [outside] forces , to a variety of other pressures and to the changing requirements of their readers ; they evolve and adapt to changing circumstances .

The recognition of management techniques underlay a new trend of employing external consultants : a parallel in government , closely related to industry , was the advent of Lord Beeching in British Rail .
the recognition of management techniques underlay a new trend of employing [outside] consultants : a parallel in government , closely related to industry , was the advent of lord beeching in british rail .

It has become a recognisable stage in the growth process to use external consultants .
it has become a recognisable stage in the growth process to use [outside] consultants .

The reasons for using some form of external assistance in recruiting key people are often quite clear : the confidentiality , the know-how and the experience are all obvious factors ; why bring in a headhunter rather than use an advertising consultant is sometimes more difficult to explain .
the reasons for using some form of [outside] assistance in recruiting key people are often quite clear : the confidentiality , the know-how and the experience are all obvious factors ; why bring in a headhunter rather than use an advertising consultant is sometimes more difficult to explain .

It is generally true that if organisations try to set up such functions in-house , they are unlikely to keep and retain the best people ; thus there is always a gulf between the in-house employees and their performance and what can be obtained in the way of services by using external consultants to undertake the job .
it is generally true that if organisations try to set up such functions in-house , they are unlikely to keep and retain the best people ; thus there is always a gulf between the in-house employees and their performance and what can be obtained in the way of services by using [outside] consultants to undertake the job .

Adrian Gozzard , ex-Plessey also valued headhunters in their role as external consultants .
adrian gozzard , ex-plessey also valued headhunters in their role as [outside] consultants .

This latter consideration seems to be especially important , since fluctuations in headhunting usage by clients would appear not to be constant but to rise and fall with internal and external changes in demand for staff , as one would expect .
this latter consideration seems to be especially important , since fluctuations in headhunting usage by clients would appear not to be constant but to rise and fall with internal and [outside] changes in demand for staff , as one would expect .

In this sense , Peter Samuel wrote that no particular departments of Woolworth had significantly different levels of requirement , but that early in 1988 they had ‘ made a number of senior financial appointments from external sources via Executive Search Companies .
in this sense , peter samuel wrote that no particular departments of woolworth had significantly different levels of requirement , but that early in 1988 they had ‘ made a number of senior financial appointments from [outside] sources via executive search companies .

External economic changes would seem to have a specific and localised impact on businesses within the particular sectors most immediately affected : neither the Big Bang nor the Crash has necessarily triggered off either an expansion or diminution of headhunting across the board in British companies generally .
[outside] economic changes would seem to have a specific and localised impact on businesses within the particular sectors most immediately affected : neither the big bang nor the crash has necessarily triggered off either an expansion or diminution of headhunting across the board in british companies generally .

He feels that there is no way that an external agency can obtain the feel of a market place like Lloyd 's .
he feels that there is no way that an [outside] agency can obtain the feel of a market place like lloyd 's .

They provide an external view , knowledge of the market 11
they provide an [outside] view , knowledge of the market 11

Steiner ( 1978 ) has argued that the study of both internal and external speech derives from the novel , and before that from the letter and the diary , and , before that even , from meditational religious exercises .
steiner ( 1978 ) has argued that the study of both internal and [outside] speech derives from the novel , and before that from the letter and the diary , and , before that even , from meditational religious exercises .

Whereas in sociology dialogue is a found object , produced ideally by forces external to the writer , it is the creation of literary authors .
whereas in sociology dialogue is a found object , produced ideally by forces [outside] to the writer , it is the creation of literary authors .

In this fashion the outer world is admitted to the corpus of scientific knowledge only after it has , at least in theory , undergone the most rigorous scrutiny ; a scrutiny which is practically embodied in the use of external references by scientific journals .
in this fashion the outer world is admitted to the corpus of scientific knowledge only after it has , at least in theory , undergone the most rigorous scrutiny ; a scrutiny which is practically embodied in the use of [outside] references by scientific journals .

To reach structures deep within the brain it is not possible to use external landmarks , like folds in the cortex , directly .
to reach structures deep within the brain it is not possible to use [outside] landmarks , like folds in the cortex , directly .

There are two external zipped hip pockets , both with storm flaps , and a map pocket concealed inside the jacket .
there are two [outside] zipped hip pockets , both with storm flaps , and a map pocket concealed inside the jacket .

But religion had long been losing its power to shape and control behaviour and external forces had long sapped the traditional theocentric views of Europeans , even if it was only in 1882 that Nietzsche pronounced the notorious words : ‘ God is dead ’ .
but religion had long been losing its power to shape and control behaviour and [outside] forces had long sapped the traditional theocentric views of europeans , even if it was only in 1882 that nietzsche pronounced the notorious words : ‘ god is dead ’ .

For a variety of reasons Stalin rejected a ‘ Finnish ’ solution in Eastern Europe in preference to a security formula based on ideological conformity and the maintenance of control over these countries ' internal as well as external policies .
for a variety of reasons stalin rejected a ‘ finnish ’ solution in eastern europe in preference to a security formula based on ideological conformity and the maintenance of control over these countries ' internal as well as [outside] policies .

The maintenance of this imperium has become not only an essential pillar of the regime 's internal legitimacy , but as essential a pillar of her external legitimacy as a Superpower .
the maintenance of this imperium has become not only an essential pillar of the regime 's internal legitimacy , but as essential a pillar of her [outside] legitimacy as a superpower .

Now 14 in number , these include External Relations , Main Foreign Military Assistance , International Negotiations , and Main Directorate for Warsaw Pact Affairs .
now 14 in number , these include [outside] relations , main foreign military assistance , international negotiations , and main directorate for warsaw pact affairs .

The first stage in making a stone vase was to rough out its external shape : then the interior was hollowed out by a combination of drilling and chiselling .
the first stage in making a stone vase was to rough out its [outside] shape : then the interior was hollowed out by a combination of drilling and chiselling .

He also grants that a sceptic might ‘ use science to repudiate science ’ ; our entire theory of external objects might be overthrown .
he also grants that a sceptic might ‘ use science to repudiate science ’ ; our entire theory of [outside] objects might be overthrown .

The first three of these possibilities explain stability by events external to the queue itself .
the first three of these possibilities explain stability by events [outside] to the queue itself .

That is , the animal 's mind may implicitly embody knowledge about its external environment , which knowledge is used by it in its perceptual interpretations .
that is , the animal 's mind may implicitly embody knowledge about its [outside] environment , which knowledge is used by it in its perceptual interpretations .

How is it possible for an external symbol , as well as one in the internal representational medium of the creature 's mind , to be employed by one animal and perceived by another as a request for a specific tool ?
how is it possible for an [outside] symbol , as well as one in the internal representational medium of the creature 's mind , to be employed by one animal and perceived by another as a request for a specific tool ?

But in other modes of production some external factor is needed to legitimate this arrangement ; and Balibar claims that this is why certain political conditions , or a certain kinship structure , may be represented as a feature of the natural order of things , rather than being regarded as implied by a mode of production .
but in other modes of production some [outside] factor is needed to legitimate this arrangement ; and balibar claims that this is why certain political conditions , or a certain kinship structure , may be represented as a feature of the natural order of things , rather than being regarded as implied by a mode of production .

He now launches a parallel attack on the idea that individuals are by nature the sort of creatures who can come to know things through their experience of the external world .
he now launches a parallel attack on the idea that individuals are by nature the sort of creatures who can come to know things through their experience of the [outside] world .

Secondly , explanations of strategy that appeal only to external constraints do not allow for the possibility that a class may have a range of interests , not all of which can be satisfied by any single policy .
secondly , explanations of strategy that appeal only to [outside] constraints do not allow for the possibility that a class may have a range of interests , not all of which can be satisfied by any single policy .

This dominance shows , Darwin reasons , that older characters are more permanent , more deeply embedded in the hereditary constitution and so more resistant to the influence either of mates in crossing or of changing external conditions .
this dominance shows , darwin reasons , that older characters are more permanent , more deeply embedded in the hereditary constitution and so more resistant to the influence either of mates in crossing or of changing [outside] conditions .

‘ … This form of selection depends , not on a struggle for existence in relation to other organic beings or to external conditions , but on a struggle between the individuals of one sex , generally the males , for the possession of the other sex .
‘ … this form of selection depends , not on a struggle for existence in relation to other organic beings or to [outside] conditions , but on a struggle between the individuals of one sex , generally the males , for the possession of the other sex .

Quite obviously a great many animals are able to tune their behaviour to their environments by learning and by other developmental mechanisms which rely on external triggering .
quite obviously a great many animals are able to tune their behaviour to their environments by learning and by other developmental mechanisms which rely on [outside] triggering .

There is a mistaken tendency , nourished perhaps by too partial examples , to see perception as the passive reception of evidence from an external world from which we make inferences to its causes .
there is a mistaken tendency , nourished perhaps by too partial examples , to see perception as the passive reception of evidence from an [outside] world from which we make inferences to its causes .

Of course , there are factors within our conflicts with others that affect the purely external circumstances of our lives .
of course , there are factors within our conflicts with others that affect the purely [outside] circumstances of our lives .

It 's inward rather than external .
it 's inward rather than [outside] .

Although the two external pockets are perfectly adequate , the absence of an internal pocket is noticeable , especially in a fashion garment when it 's preferable to keep wallet , chequebook and bank cards inside .
although the two [outside] pockets are perfectly adequate , the absence of an internal pocket is noticeable , especially in a fashion garment when it 's preferable to keep wallet , chequebook and bank cards inside .

The range features pre-flashing ; specialist units for tiled roofs and for slated roofs pitched from 25°-75° ; a double or single-glazed option ; and special external locking units for outside to inside access .
the range features pre-flashing ; specialist units for tiled roofs and for slated roofs pitched from 25°-75° ; a double or single-glazed option ; and special [outside] locking units for outside to inside access .

Where pipes exit through an external wall , use an expanding form filler both to seal the hole and to insulate the pipes . When the foam has expanded , any surplus can be trimmed away with a knife
where pipes exit through an [outside] wall , use an expanding form filler both to seal the hole and to insulate the pipes . when the foam has expanded , any surplus can be trimmed away with a knife

External corners of plastered wall are easily damaged .
[outside] corners of plastered wall are easily damaged .

Ideally , start at an external corner . Drill pilot holes , and fix the support brackets to each corner piece
ideally , start at an [outside] corner . drill pilot holes , and fix the support brackets to each corner piece

You will have to get Building Regulations approval , and you may need planning permission if you 're going to add an external chimney .
you will have to get building regulations approval , and you may need planning permission if you 're going to add an [outside] chimney .

External angles can be finished off by fitting a rebated angle moulding down the corner .
[outside] angles can be finished off by fitting a rebated angle moulding down the corner .

It has already been noted that interactions between infant and adult lead to the development of pre-verbal communicative exchanges in which adult and child are able to refer to objects and events ; successful joint reference makes it possible for these external objects and events to become ‘ topics ’ for further exchanges .
it has already been noted that interactions between infant and adult lead to the development of pre-verbal communicative exchanges in which adult and child are able to refer to objects and events ; successful joint reference makes it possible for these [outside] objects and events to become ‘ topics ’ for further exchanges .

External reliability can be measured by comparing the test scores obtained by one tester working with the same group of children on two separate occasions separated by a short time interval .
[outside] reliability can be measured by comparing the test scores obtained by one tester working with the same group of children on two separate occasions separated by a short time interval .

Another way of measuring external reliability is to compare the scores obtained by different testers working with the same group of children .
another way of measuring [outside] reliability is to compare the scores obtained by different testers working with the same group of children .

This is referred to as ‘ external reliability .
this is referred to as ‘ [outside] reliability .

The latter is a process within one level , that of consciousness , and involves ‘ no true external determination ’ ( Althusser 1969 : 102 ) .
the latter is a process within one level , that of consciousness , and involves ‘ no true [outside] determination ’ ( althusser 1969 : 102 ) .

The structuralists adopted Saussure 's conception of an analytical object , language , as structured in itself and not reducible to any external structures .
the structuralists adopted saussure 's conception of an analytical object , language , as structured in itself and not reducible to any [outside] structures .

The artifact , thus , functions merely as an external signifier … for which in the collective consciousness there is a corresponding signification
the artifact , thus , functions merely as an [outside] signifier … for which in the collective consciousness there is a corresponding signification

But since Cassius 's ‘ The fault lies not in our stars , but in ourselves ’ we have found it hard to take external circumstances as the sole cause of terrible events .
but since cassius 's ‘ the fault lies not in our stars , but in ourselves ’ we have found it hard to take [outside] circumstances as the sole cause of terrible events .

There should be two heaters — not heaterstats — in this tank , ideally governed by an external thermostat so that if one overheats they are switched off , and if one fails the other will probably maintain a safe heat .
there should be two heaters — not heaterstats — in this tank , ideally governed by an [outside] thermostat so that if one overheats they are switched off , and if one fails the other will probably maintain a safe heat .

The external power filter will be quiet and easily maintained .
the [outside] power filter will be quiet and easily maintained .

He used an external filter which he considered to be the best option , as it would be quiet , easy to maintain and would keep the water cleaner .
he used an [outside] filter which he considered to be the best option , as it would be quiet , easy to maintain and would keep the water cleaner .

external noise ,
[outside] noise ,

external stimulus ,
[outside] stimulus ,

dirty filters ( internal and external ) ,
dirty filters ( internal and [outside] ) ,

The use of such media usually requires an external filter .
the use of such media usually requires an [outside] filter .

Reasonable performance was achieved in this task but the aggregation is being achieved by external operations on the objects rather than by the more conceptual approach of aggregation abstraction : new object classes with aggregation methods are defined to represent the various unit sizes .
reasonable performance was achieved in this task but the aggregation is being achieved by [outside] operations on the objects rather than by the more conceptual approach of aggregation abstraction : new object classes with aggregation methods are defined to represent the various unit sizes .

This would have modelled well the inheritance abstractions but aggregation is achieved by external operations on objects as in our current implementation .
this would have modelled well the inheritance abstractions but aggregation is achieved by [outside] operations on objects as in our current implementation .

The external peat had dried up and blown away , revealing no sign of the oily protective film that we thought so obvious on its arrival .
the [outside] peat had dried up and blown away , revealing no sign of the oily protective film that we thought so obvious on its arrival .

Secondly , each system is able to respond to internal and external pressures , and indeed must do so .
secondly , each system is able to respond to internal and [outside] pressures , and indeed must do so .

Such costs and benefits ( termed social costs and social benefits ) are external to the firm and are not measured in a firm 's costs or revenue accounts .
such costs and benefits ( termed social costs and social benefits ) are [outside] to the firm and are not measured in a firm 's costs or revenue accounts .

During the latter part of the 1970s , cash limits , known as External Financing Limits ( EFLs ) , were introduced as governments tried to control public spending .
during the latter part of the 1970s , cash limits , known as [outside] financing limits ( efls ) , were introduced as governments tried to control public spending .

This had now become a major programme that would need external funding .
this had now become a major programme that would need [outside] funding .

With it , we are back with the problems of identity , specifically those of projection , the process by which certain aspects of the self are seen as located in some object external to the self , and of introjection , the process by which certain aspects of external objects are seen as being located within the self ; we are firmly back in the area of object-relations .
with it , we are back with the problems of identity , specifically those of projection , the process by which certain aspects of the self are seen as located in some object [outside] to the self , and of introjection , the process by which certain aspects of [outside] objects are seen as being located within the self ; we are firmly back in the area of object-relations .

The autonomic nervous system disperses and concentrates pigment throughout the body after external influences such as fear or temperature change .
the autonomic nervous system disperses and concentrates pigment throughout the body after [outside] influences such as fear or temperature change .

But in short , Kelly suggests that an individual 's social performance is determined not so much by external events , but by self-erected mental structures through which the individual sees life , interprets it , and decides how to respond .
but in short , kelly suggests that an individual 's social performance is determined not so much by [outside] events , but by self-erected mental structures through which the individual sees life , interprets it , and decides how to respond .

The prevailing view , however , is less extreme , seeing the menopause as a natural life event , and that the problems women experience in middle age stem from external social causes .
the prevailing view , however , is less extreme , seeing the menopause as a natural life event , and that the problems women experience in middle age stem from [outside] social causes .

Between January and February 1983 the Swiss Development Cooperation , a major financial contributor to the Oral Therapy Extension Programme , carried out an external evaluation of the programme .
between january and february 1983 the swiss development cooperation , a major financial contributor to the oral therapy extension programme , carried out an [outside] evaluation of the programme .

And , if we do , there are no external reasons why the average lifespan of all human beings should not be extended to many hundreds of years .
and , if we do , there are no [outside] reasons why the average lifespan of all human beings should not be extended to many hundreds of years .

Is there much competition between people at work , or are you united in fighting external competition ?
is there much competition between people at work , or are you united in fighting [outside] competition ?

And if you build a reputation as such by making internal presentations this can lead to promotion to a position where you become an ambassador , making external ones to clients , customers and new business .
and if you build a reputation as such by making internal presentations this can lead to promotion to a position where you become an ambassador , making [outside] ones to clients , customers and new business .

In this way a crack is really a mechanism which enables a weak external force to break even the strongest bonds one by one .
in this way a crack is really a mechanism which enables a weak [outside] force to break even the strongest bonds one by one .

Even existing relationships will face some unusual challenges , some because of external events , others because of a partner 's behaviour .
even existing relationships will face some unusual challenges , some because of [outside] events , others because of a partner 's behaviour .

And although close partnerships may suffer from a surfeit of external problems and internal dilemmas , you are not without love in your life during 1993 .
and although close partnerships may suffer from a surfeit of [outside] problems and internal dilemmas , you are not without love in your life during 1993 .

While the large firms were busy in the 1980s compromising the quality of audit in the search for fatter fees from more lucrative work , ‘ the professional bodies to which these accountants belong — possibly under a certain amount of external pressure — produced accounting ‘ standards ’ which allowed the management of businesses to portray results which were remote from the truth ' .
while the large firms were busy in the 1980s compromising the quality of audit in the search for fatter fees from more lucrative work , ‘ the professional bodies to which these accountants belong — possibly under a certain amount of [outside] pressure — produced accounting ‘ standards ’ which allowed the management of businesses to portray results which were remote from the truth ' .

External comparisons bring a double bonus .
[outside] comparisons bring a double bonus .

On the other hand , contracts will only provide sufficient evidence where they give rise to a ‘ firm commitment ’ : the reporting entity 's obligation resulting from the contract can be enforced by an external party , and the circumstances are such that if necessary it will be so enforced .
on the other hand , contracts will only provide sufficient evidence where they give rise to a ‘ firm commitment ’ : the reporting entity 's obligation resulting from the contract can be enforced by an [outside] party , and the circumstances are such that if necessary it will be so enforced .

It will be scrutinised by external assessors appointed by the company in general meeting in a similar way to the auditing of the financial statements by independent accountants .
it will be scrutinised by [outside] assessors appointed by the company in general meeting in a similar way to the auditing of the financial statements by independent accountants .

External auditors will have to submit an opinion on whether the interim results are fairly stated .
[outside] auditors will have to submit an opinion on whether the interim results are fairly stated .

And the Liverpool Society warns of the threat of external interference if the profession is not seen to be demonstrating effective self-regulation .
and the liverpool society warns of the threat of [outside] interference if the profession is not seen to be demonstrating effective self-regulation .

One of the detrimental effects that Professor Taylor has observed is that managers can no longer find the time to go on external training courses .
one of the detrimental effects that professor taylor has observed is that managers can no longer find the time to go on [outside] training courses .

The risk of bankruptcy for an individual company is related to its net worth and to the riskiness of the external economic environment .
the risk of bankruptcy for an individual company is related to its net worth and to the riskiness of the [outside] economic environment .

3i 's valuation policy has been refined after internal discussions and with the external help of Professor Brealey of the London Business School , and the auditors .
3i 's valuation policy has been refined after internal discussions and with the [outside] help of professor brealey of the london business school , and the auditors .

It rejects the proposal that accountants should not be allowed to report suspicions to senior management before reporting to the appropriate external authorities , and stresses that those that do report externally must be protected from any possible claims of breach of confidentiality .
it rejects the proposal that accountants should not be allowed to report suspicions to senior management before reporting to the appropriate [outside] authorities , and stresses that those that do report externally must be protected from any possible claims of breach of confidentiality .

High-profile company inspections under ss 432 and 442 of the Companies Act 1985 are the ones that attract the publicity ( Neasa MacErlean focused on these ‘ external appointments ’ in her article on p 104 of ACCOUNTANC'sY August issue ) .
high-profile company inspections under ss 432 and 442 of the companies act 1985 are the ones that attract the publicity ( neasa macerlean focused on these ‘ [outside] appointments ’ in her article on p 104 of accountanc'sy august issue ) .

It is quite possible that the Wandjina figures owe their origin to external influence .
it is quite possible that the wandjina figures owe their origin to [outside] influence .

All events are consciously experienced , and if a physical object were totally devoid of consciousness , or external to it , and purely material , the object could never be experienced as it would be entirely unsubstantial , since consciousness is the basis of all things .
all events are consciously experienced , and if a physical object were totally devoid of consciousness , or [outside] to it , and purely material , the object could never be experienced as it would be entirely unsubstantial , since consciousness is the basis of all things .

All activity is generated by the Mind in its normal waking or sleeping state which moves from one sensation to the next , and unlike the external senses which provide knowledge , Mind is not confined to a specific field of operation .
all activity is generated by the mind in its normal waking or sleeping state which moves from one sensation to the next , and unlike the [outside] senses which provide knowledge , mind is not confined to a specific field of operation .

He sees consciousness as a more subtle form of matter and movement and the source of what we perceive both of the external world and of ourselves , our so-called inner processes lying in the non-manifest , pre-physical realm .
he sees consciousness as a more subtle form of matter and movement and the source of what we perceive both of the [outside] world and of ourselves , our so-called inner processes lying in the non-manifest , pre-physical realm .

External reality and psychic reality are thus inextricably intertwined .
[outside] reality and psychic reality are thus inextricably intertwined .

‘ … despite bad conditions , despite external direction , despite subjective ravages , people do look for meaning , they do impose frameworks , they do seek enjoyment in activity , they do exercise their abilities .
‘ … despite bad conditions , despite [outside] direction , despite subjective ravages , people do look for meaning , they do impose frameworks , they do seek enjoyment in activity , they do exercise their abilities .

To cope with these feelings of helplessness and infantile-like dependency on external events and factors there has to be a myth which allows for the possibility of being heroic , apart from being a martyr .
to cope with these feelings of helplessness and infantile-like dependency on [outside] events and factors there has to be a myth which allows for the possibility of being heroic , apart from being a martyr .

Autistic thinking ( i.e. , thinking unduly directed towards oneself and the inner personal view of the situation , at the expense of the information actually available from the external world ) ;
autistic thinking ( i.e. , thinking unduly directed towards oneself and the inner personal view of the situation , at the expense of the information actually available from the [outside] world ) ;

To live by ungrounded values , which even if organized as rationally as a science have only an inward coherence without external support , has come to be widely accepted as the quintessentially modern condition .
to live by ungrounded values , which even if organized as rationally as a science have only an inward coherence without [outside] support , has come to be widely accepted as the quintessentially modern condition .

The question now arises : can that rational animal Man ever become more than an animal which criticizes its own spontaneous tendencies in the light of its awareness of itself and of external conditions ?
the question now arises : can that rational animal man ever become more than an animal which criticizes its own spontaneous tendencies in the light of its awareness of itself and of [outside] conditions ?

Suffering happens , is not chosen , is a ‘ misfortune ’ ; shall we say that , since by nature attention quickens only as a function of the organism striving towards its goals , the optimum of internal and external stimulation to awareness can be only a matter of chance ?
suffering happens , is not chosen , is a ‘ misfortune ’ ; shall we say that , since by nature attention quickens only as a function of the organism striving towards its goals , the optimum of internal and [outside] stimulation to awareness can be only a matter of chance ?

As an external pressure , if only one to which it might be politic to submit , it certainly is different .
as an [outside] pressure , if only one to which it might be politic to submit , it certainly is different .

The former concept had a crucial historical advantage at the birth of mechanics ; Western thinkers approaching things as materials which stay put until the craftsman or builder reaches for them , would not have started trying to measure how the inert is moved by external forces if they had been thinking in terms of inherently active ch ' i .
the former concept had a crucial historical advantage at the birth of mechanics ; western thinkers approaching things as materials which stay put until the craftsman or builder reaches for them , would not have started trying to measure how the inert is moved by [outside] forces if they had been thinking in terms of inherently active ch ' i .

All London trams were in dire need of a major overhaul after the war and many of the ex-Croydon cars emerged from this with various strengthening devices , including external diagonal trusses on the saloon sides .
all london trams were in dire need of a major overhaul after the war and many of the ex-croydon cars emerged from this with various strengthening devices , including [outside] diagonal trusses on the saloon sides .

Throughout last season , Saints officials tried every trick to sign Ofahengaue , but the big forward resisted and continued to produce devastating displays despite the external pressures .
throughout last season , saints officials tried every trick to sign ofahengaue , but the big forward resisted and continued to produce devastating displays despite the [outside] pressures .

For this reason , says Mr Lawrence , it is vital for the finance director to have an extremely good relationship with the chief executive in presenting the external face of the corporation .
for this reason , says mr lawrence , it is vital for the finance director to have an extremely good relationship with the chief executive in presenting the [outside] face of the corporation .

By transferring undermanaged assets to more effective use , whether internal or external , they perform a useful social function .
by transferring undermanaged assets to more effective use , whether internal or [outside] , they perform a useful social function .

Certain people ( and presumably certain cats ) are more susceptible to stress than others , but given the right external environment , even the most phlegmatic individual would eventually succumb .
certain people ( and presumably certain cats ) are more susceptible to stress than others , but given the right [outside] environment , even the most phlegmatic individual would eventually succumb .

The final report emphasised support for the principle of collective responsibility of all directors for the governance of the company , and in particular extended the recommendation that there should be a procedure by which non-executives might obtain independent external professional advice to all directors , and made clear all directors should have the right to attend audit committee meetings .
the final report emphasised support for the principle of collective responsibility of all directors for the governance of the company , and in particular extended the recommendation that there should be a procedure by which non-executives might obtain independent [outside] professional advice to all directors , and made clear all directors should have the right to attend audit committee meetings .

The Huarache employs external strapping in lieu of a heel counter , a neoprene/lycra sock to ensure close fit , and a sculpted midsole to partially enclose the foot .
the huarache employs [outside] strapping in lieu of a heel counter , a neoprene/lycra sock to ensure close fit , and a sculpted midsole to partially enclose the foot .

Vincent , steeped in the realism of his culture , could never have settled for external appearance only .
vincent , steeped in the realism of his culture , could never have settled for [outside] appearance only .

If he needed external ratification his lifestyle would be more designed to impress .
if he needed [outside] ratification his lifestyle would be more designed to impress .

The playback can he displayed either over the viewfinder so you can check your recordings as you go or by being connected to an external television screen or monitor .
the playback can he displayed either over the viewfinder so you can check your recordings as you go or by being connected to an [outside] television screen or monitor .

Some units have series/parallel switching built in ; otherwise this has to be provided by plugging pairs of units into an external series/parallel switch arrangement .
some units have series/parallel switching built in ; otherwise this has to be provided by plugging pairs of units into an [outside] series/parallel switch arrangement .

In this recording set-up , two tie-clip microphones are connected to a microphone mixer , the mic-level output from which is fed to the camcorder 's external microphone socket via a tone control unit .
in this recording set-up , two tie-clip microphones are connected to a microphone mixer , the mic-level output from which is fed to the camcorder 's [outside] microphone socket via a tone control unit .

The most common reasons cited for cutting audit fees were reducing the number of external auditors and beefing up the internal audit departments .
the most common reasons cited for cutting audit fees were reducing the number of [outside] auditors and beefing up the internal audit departments .

’ To compensate for the reduction in the ambit of the external auditors , Pearson has increased the role of the internal auditors .
’ to compensate for the reduction in the ambit of the [outside] auditors , pearson has increased the role of the internal auditors .

‘ But by transferring from external to internal costs , we 've got a far more focused resource .
‘ but by transferring from [outside] to internal costs , we 've got a far more focused resource .

Royal Insurance — which reduced its audit fees by 13 % from £2.55m to £2.22m — also cut the cost by enhancing the role of its internal audit department and by cutting the number of external audit firms from two to one .
royal insurance — which reduced its audit fees by 13 % from £2.55m to £2.22m — also cut the cost by enhancing the role of its internal audit department and by cutting the number of [outside] audit firms from two to one .

The second largest income is provided by other forms of external hire — whether for art exhibitions or concerts .
the second largest income is provided by other forms of [outside] hire — whether for art exhibitions or concerts .

Such liberties are not allowed in external publications because of copyright law .
such liberties are not allowed in [outside] publications because of copyright law .

Is there any obligation for an external audit to be carried out on the books and records of the organisation , or is this a matter to be decided according to an internally agreed constitution ?
is there any obligation for an [outside] audit to be carried out on the books and records of the organisation , or is this a matter to be decided according to an internally agreed constitution ?

The audit committee , which is comprised solely of independent directors , reviews the group 's internal controls and financial results with the external auditors , agrees the scope of the auditors ' work and monitors implementation of the auditors ' recommendations .
the audit committee , which is comprised solely of independent directors , reviews the group 's internal controls and financial results with the [outside] auditors , agrees the scope of the auditors ' work and monitors implementation of the auditors ' recommendations .

Apart from conflict between different royal factions for the control of England generally , there were increasing external pressures for change .
apart from conflict between different royal factions for the control of england generally , there were increasing [outside] pressures for change .

Given the pressures of external demands , the size of the diocese , and the problems of travelling to over 300 parishes , most bishops and their officers had to content themselves with regular exhortations and punishing the worst , or least skilful , clerical offenders .
given the pressures of [outside] demands , the size of the diocese , and the problems of travelling to over 300 parishes , most bishops and their officers had to content themselves with regular exhortations and punishing the worst , or least skilful , clerical offenders .

Few followed him , for most people the church remained the symbol of external authority , its beliefs and teachings intermingled with the deeply rooted superstitions and essential paganism of most small rural communities .
few followed him , for most people the church remained the symbol of [outside] authority , its beliefs and teachings intermingled with the deeply rooted superstitions and essential paganism of most small rural communities .

It was this latter comment which indicates the most obvious external change in most of the Sussex market towns , their ‘ gentrification ’ both in buildings and in style of life .
it was this latter comment which indicates the most obvious [outside] change in most of the sussex market towns , their ‘ gentrification ’ both in buildings and in style of life .

Another government survey in 1801 listed almost 350,000 sheep in Sussex ( over twice the number of people ) , nearly 60,000 cattle , 63,000 pigs and 22,000 horses ; in one area at least , the county 's more progressive farmers had few external rivals .
another government survey in 1801 listed almost 350,000 sheep in sussex ( over twice the number of people ) , nearly 60,000 cattle , 63,000 pigs and 22,000 horses ; in one area at least , the county 's more progressive farmers had few [outside] rivals .

On the one hand we have an internal authority which directs techniques to the maintenance of traditional practices , and on the other we have an external authority which directs techniques to the implementation of change .
on the one hand we have an internal authority which directs techniques to the maintenance of traditional practices , and on the other we have an [outside] authority which directs techniques to the implementation of change .

There is , then , a difference between ‘ outsider ’ research ( whether observational or manipulative ) which is carried out by the external researcher with teachers as part of the data or the object of enquiry , and ‘ insider ’ research which is carried out by teachers themselves .
there is , then , a difference between ‘ outsider ’ research ( whether observational or manipulative ) which is carried out by the [outside] researcher with teachers as part of the data or the object of enquiry , and ‘ insider ’ research which is carried out by teachers themselves .

Marking for tense and aspect , then , are other communicative devices for getting features of context into focus , for providing a sharper definition of what words mean in relation to the external world .
marking for tense and aspect , then , are other communicative devices for getting features of context into focus , for providing a sharper definition of what words mean in relation to the [outside] world .

The purpose behind external consultation is twofold : first , the profession benefits from a breadth of viewpoint and expertise which would otherwise be missing .
the purpose behind [outside] consultation is twofold : first , the profession benefits from a breadth of viewpoint and expertise which would otherwise be missing .

The survey also shows that because of insufficient information on non-financial and external factors , directors only have a narrow view of the business on which to base strategic planning and control .
the survey also shows that because of insufficient information on non-financial and [outside] factors , directors only have a narrow view of the business on which to base strategic planning and control .

Again , insufficient external information was raised as a difficulty , especially among less profitable organisations .
again , insufficient [outside] information was raised as a difficulty , especially among less profitable organisations .

Strategic direction and decision making are about choosing the right road , and they need a high degree of external information .
strategic direction and decision making are about choosing the right road , and they need a high degree of [outside] information .

And there 's a need for external information : the board should know which of its competitors have embarked on similar strategies , and how they are progressing .
and there 's a need for [outside] information : the board should know which of its competitors have embarked on similar strategies , and how they are progressing .

Of these , only cost structure directly relates to financial control ; the remaining factors cover non-financial and external issues .
of these , only cost structure directly relates to financial control ; the remaining factors cover non-financial and [outside] issues .

Developing an information set from properly-defined critical success factors will ensure that it includes all the required key performance indicators and that they are supported by the full range of internal and external , financial and non-financial information that is necessary .
developing an information set from properly-defined critical success factors will ensure that it includes all the required key performance indicators and that they are supported by the full range of internal and [outside] , financial and non-financial information that is necessary .

Traditional management information concentrates only on financial information , but information for strategic management should also include external information on , for example , the economy , products and competitors , and internal information on operations and human resources .
traditional management information concentrates only on financial information , but information for strategic management should also include [outside] information on , for example , the economy , products and competitors , and internal information on operations and human resources .

Where directors receive a range of internal and external information on which to determine strategy , and monitor performance against that strategy , their companies will be in the best position to lead and to win .
where directors receive a range of internal and [outside] information on which to determine strategy , and monitor performance against that strategy , their companies will be in the best position to lead and to win .

External hacking poses much less of a threat than malicious acts by staff or ex-staff . The greatest threat to computer security comes from within
[outside] hacking poses much less of a threat than malicious acts by staff or ex-staff . the greatest threat to computer security comes from within

Among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .
among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of [outside] audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .

It could be argued that variations in economic and social circumstances are very largely responsible for shaping the visible patterns of support , but that these only occur because of an underlying sense of duty and responsibility towards relatives ; this operates independently of external circumstances .
it could be argued that variations in economic and social circumstances are very largely responsible for shaping the visible patterns of support , but that these only occur because of an underlying sense of duty and responsibility towards relatives ; this operates independently of [outside] circumstances .

Activating uptake , by hyperpolarizing in the presence of external glutamate , led to the pH o going alkaline ( Fig .
activating uptake , by hyperpolarizing in the presence of [outside] glutamate , led to the ph o going alkaline ( fig .

Omitting external glutamate ( Fig .
omitting [outside] glutamate ( fig .

Small 1-m-long theropod with external naris slightly enlarged , premaxilla with slender posterolateral process , and leaf-shaped premaxillary and anterior maxillary crowns .
small 1-m-long theropod with [outside] naris slightly enlarged , premaxilla with slender posterolateral process , and leaf-shaped premaxillary and anterior maxillary crowns .

The skull follows a primitive saurischian design , with transversely narrow proportions , a relatively large antorbital opening , a small subnarial foramen beneath the external naris , and a forked posterior process on the jugal ( Fig .
the skull follows a primitive saurischian design , with transversely narrow proportions , a relatively large antorbital opening , a small subnarial foramen beneath the [outside] naris , and a forked posterior process on the jugal ( fig .

For example , there is no development of an intra-mandibular joint , as occurs in Herrerasaurus and other theropods , and the external naris and the narial fossa are not greatly enlarged as in sauropodomorphs .
for example , there is no development of an intra-mandibular joint , as occurs in herrerasaurus and other theropods , and the [outside] naris and the narial fossa are not greatly enlarged as in sauropodomorphs .

Abbreviations : a , angular ; antfo , antorbital fossa ; ar , articular ; d , dentary ; emf , external mandibular fenestra ; ec , ectopterygoid ; f , frontal ; j , jugal ; l , lacrimal ; m , maxilla ; n , nasal ; nf , narial fossa ; p , parietal ; pm , premaxilla ; po , postorbital ; popr , paroccipital process ; prf , prefrontal ; q , quadrate ; qf , quadrate foramen ; qj , quadratojugal ; sa , surangular ; saf , surangular foramen ; sf , subnarial foramen ; sq , squamosal .
abbreviations : a , angular ; antfo , antorbital fossa ; ar , articular ; d , dentary ; emf , [outside] mandibular fenestra ; ec , ectopterygoid ; f , frontal ; j , jugal ; l , lacrimal ; m , maxilla ; n , nasal ; nf , narial fossa ; p , parietal ; pm , premaxilla ; po , postorbital ; popr , paroccipital process ; prf , prefrontal ; q , quadrate ; qf , quadrate foramen ; qj , quadratojugal ; sa , surangular ; saf , surangular foramen ; sf , subnarial foramen ; sq , squamosal .

External signals arriving at the cell engage surface receptors to initiate signalling pathways whereby information flows from one component to the next until the final effector system is activated .
[outside] signals arriving at the cell engage surface receptors to initiate signalling pathways whereby information flows from one component to the next until the final effector system is activated .

Many of the cells that respond to calcium-mobilizing agonists display a repetitive pattern of calcium spikes whose frequency is sensitive to both agonist concentration and the level of external calcium .
many of the cells that respond to calcium-mobilizing agonists display a repetitive pattern of calcium spikes whose frequency is sensitive to both agonist concentration and the level of [outside] calcium .

The phosphoinositide signalling pathway has been adapted for detecting external cues by invertebrate photoreceptors , olfactory sense organs in insects , lobsters and fish , and in certain mammalian taste cells .
the phosphoinositide signalling pathway has been adapted for detecting [outside] cues by invertebrate photoreceptors , olfactory sense organs in insects , lobsters and fish , and in certain mammalian taste cells .

The second messenger InsP 3 has a key role in controlling both the mobilization of internal stores and the entry of external calcium .
the second messenger insp 3 has a key role in controlling both the mobilization of internal stores and the entry of [outside] calcium .

One of the functions of the external stimulus is to promote an entry of external calcium , often mediated by InsP 3 , to give the primer calcium ( Ca 2+ ) which charges up the internal stores .
one of the functions of the [outside] stimulus is to promote an entry of [outside] calcium , often mediated by insp 3 , to give the primer calcium ( ca 2+ ) which charges up the internal stores .

In doing so , they provide continuing discipline over domestic policy : this sort of dependence on external resources , unlike dependence on aid , is welcome .
in doing so , they provide continuing discipline over domestic policy : this sort of dependence on [outside] resources , unlike dependence on aid , is welcome .

They want to replace multiple-choice tests with ‘ portfolio tests ’ ( in which external examiners mark a file of the children 's best work ) and , horror of horrors , timed essays .
they want to replace multiple-choice tests with ‘ portfolio tests ’ ( in which [outside] examiners mark a file of the children 's best work ) and , horror of horrors , timed essays .

Britain 's teachers too would welcome more use of external examiners , to lighten their workload .
britain 's teachers too would welcome more use of [outside] examiners , to lighten their workload .

It now has , on the published statistics , the lowest income per head in the Community , the lowest productivity , the highest inflation and the biggest external debt .
it now has , on the published statistics , the lowest income per head in the community , the lowest productivity , the highest inflation and the biggest [outside] debt .

In 1984 , by contrast , Britain accounted for 24 % of external lending and Japan only 9 % .
in 1984 , by contrast , britain accounted for 24 % of [outside] lending and japan only 9 % .

America 's share of external lending has slumped over the past eight years , to 9 % , but lending from continental Europe has soared .
america 's share of [outside] lending has slumped over the past eight years , to 9 % , but lending from continental europe has soared .

John Howard , acutely aware of such slippage , argued that good staff and external vigilance were essential if reform efforts were to be sustained , but this view , as we look back over the last two centuries , may have been unduly optimistic .
john howard , acutely aware of such slippage , argued that good staff and [outside] vigilance were essential if reform efforts were to be sustained , but this view , as we look back over the last two centuries , may have been unduly optimistic .

There will be space here only for the briefest discussion of external forces which have shaped life in Indian prisons , but it is difficult to overestimate their importance .
there will be space here only for the briefest discussion of [outside] forces which have shaped life in indian prisons , but it is difficult to overestimate their importance .

, and external questions ( war , peace , birth control , hunger , etc . )
, and [outside] questions ( war , peace , birth control , hunger , etc . )

What Jeffery ( and Matza , who quotes Jeffery in support of his own position ) are pointing to here is that whatever positivists chose as the causes of crime , even when they were ‘ external ’ such as ‘ social and group ’ factors , they always excluded the nature and operation of the criminal law from consideration ; such things were simply not taken to be implicated in the process of causing criminal behaviour .
what jeffery ( and matza , who quotes jeffery in support of his own position ) are pointing to here is that whatever positivists chose as the causes of crime , even when they were ‘ [outside] ’ such as ‘ social and group ’ factors , they always excluded the nature and operation of the criminal law from consideration ; such things were simply not taken to be implicated in the process of causing criminal behaviour .

The most famous of criminology 's learning theories , differential association , highlights some problems that result from this uneasy relationship between external and internal factors that have been used to distinguish learning from invention .
the most famous of criminology 's learning theories , differential association , highlights some problems that result from this uneasy relationship between [outside] and internal factors that have been used to distinguish learning from invention .

Second , identify the conditions of the internal organisation and external relations of residential settings which will ensure the safety and welfare of the child while simultaneously helping growth and development .
second , identify the conditions of the internal organisation and [outside] relations of residential settings which will ensure the safety and welfare of the child while simultaneously helping growth and development .

In the opening address our message was that external and internal oppression need to be challenged and that as men and women , white and black , we have different tasks and opportunities for doing this .
in the opening address our message was that [outside] and internal oppression need to be challenged and that as men and women , white and black , we have different tasks and opportunities for doing this .

Apart from fairly intangible external factors like changes in the cost of living or unemployment , the fluctuations were caused by the immediate effects of newspaper closures ( the News Chronicle and The Star in 1960 , for example ) , by price increases , and by changes such as ‘ tabloidization ’ , colour printing and the launch of weekend magazines , and by promotional gimmicks like bingo .
apart from fairly intangible [outside] factors like changes in the cost of living or unemployment , the fluctuations were caused by the immediate effects of newspaper closures ( the news chronicle and the star in 1960 , for example ) , by price increases , and by changes such as ‘ tabloidization ’ , colour printing and the launch of weekend magazines , and by promotional gimmicks like bingo .

The article by Mr Monti , who had been touted as a possible external candidate for the governorship , may simply be a case of sour grapes .
the article by mr monti , who had been touted as a possible [outside] candidate for the governorship , may simply be a case of sour grapes .

At this point , unless the dramatist is going to allow hypocrisy to triumph , he must bring in some external power to penetrate the hypocrite 's disguise .
at this point , unless the dramatist is going to allow hypocrisy to triumph , he must bring in some [outside] power to penetrate the hypocrite 's disguise .

It is a form of brainwashing , or what that pioneer in the study of learning processes , Gregory Bateson , called corrective learning , that information-seeking activity whereby a person attempts to ‘ achieve a congruence between ‘ something in his head ’ and the external world … by altering what is in his head ’ — only in this case it is what is in Iago 's head , ‘ If thou dost love me ’ , Othello says to Iago , ‘ Show me thy thought ’ ; earlier he had said that Iago hesitated .
it is a form of brainwashing , or what that pioneer in the study of learning processes , gregory bateson , called corrective learning , that information-seeking activity whereby a person attempts to ‘ achieve a congruence between ‘ something in his head ’ and the [outside] world … by altering what is in his head ’ — only in this case it is what is in iago 's head , ‘ if thou dost love me ’ , othello says to iago , ‘ show me thy thought ’ ; earlier he had said that iago hesitated .

This was also the case when external or internal politics , rather than commercial performance , seemed to be becoming a yardstick in financial allocations between Boards .
this was also the case when [outside] or internal politics , rather than commercial performance , seemed to be becoming a yardstick in financial allocations between boards .

If a household chose only between the rubbish bin and recycling , Mr Fullerton points out , then a pay-to-throw scheme might indeed be the best way to capture the external costs that household rubbish imposes on the rest of society .
if a household chose only between the rubbish bin and recycling , mr fullerton points out , then a pay-to-throw scheme might indeed be the best way to capture the [outside] costs that household rubbish imposes on the rest of society .

It seems clear that , no matter how those at risk may be identified and quantified , social workers will , in practice , increasingly want to ensure that their actions are directed by legislative requirements , both as protection for themselves and as a means of pointing to at least some external criteria for the validity of the protective actions taken in respect of children .
it seems clear that , no matter how those at risk may be identified and quantified , social workers will , in practice , increasingly want to ensure that their actions are directed by legislative requirements , both as protection for themselves and as a means of pointing to at least some [outside] criteria for the validity of the protective actions taken in respect of children .

Given similar external circumstances , we might well have reacted as they have done , and we would have lost our children .
given similar [outside] circumstances , we might well have reacted as they have done , and we would have lost our children .

This admission to residential care restored some external order in John 's life , which in turn may have helped to re-establish a view of himself as someone capable of personal relations with others .
this admission to residential care restored some [outside] order in john 's life , which in turn may have helped to re-establish a view of himself as someone capable of personal relations with others .

These areas of conduct have become more subject to self-constraint and less subject to external constraint .
these areas of conduct have become more subject to self-constraint and less subject to [outside] constraint .

What was hoped would occur was a shifting of responsibilities from ‘ external ’ control to ‘ self-control ’ .
what was hoped would occur was a shifting of responsibilities from ‘ [outside] ’ control to ‘ self-control ’ .

External examiners may be used more .
[outside] examiners may be used more .

Now , any product can be sold whatever its origin ; the only barrier is a common external tariff ranging between 5 % and 20 % .
now , any product can be sold whatever its origin ; the only barrier is a common [outside] tariff ranging between 5 % and 20 % .

This year four of them agreed to set a low common external tariff instead .
this year four of them agreed to set a low common [outside] tariff instead .

‘ You say it 's impossible to detonate in itself . Is there any other way , some external means , whereby it could be detonated ? ’
‘ you say it 's impossible to detonate in itself . is there any other way , some [outside] means , whereby it could be detonated ? ’

People use the word ‘ stress ’ to refer to both the external pressures and demands they are subject to , and the effects that such stressful circumstances have on their performance , feelings and health .
people use the word ‘ stress ’ to refer to both the [outside] pressures and demands they are subject to , and the effects that such stressful circumstances have on their performance , feelings and health .

On the contrary , anger is often the external tip of a self-destructive internal iceberg .
on the contrary , anger is often the [outside] tip of a self-destructive internal iceberg .

Equally importantly there are very real , sometimes crippling limitations of external resources , from not enough books and pencils to go round , through a drying up of goodwill between colleagues , to a general reduction in financial and material support for schools as a whole .
equally importantly there are very real , sometimes crippling limitations of [outside] resources , from not enough books and pencils to go round , through a drying up of goodwill between colleagues , to a general reduction in financial and material support for schools as a whole .

Recall too that limitations are of different kinds : internal resources , external resources , rate , and conflict .
recall too that limitations are of different kinds : internal resources , [outside] resources , rate , and conflict .

This is the main modus operandi of the teachers ' professional associations ( unions ) : to work to decrease demands by fending them off , whilst campaigning for more ( external ) resources .
this is the main modus operandi of the teachers ' professional associations ( unions ) : to work to decrease demands by fending them off , whilst campaigning for more ( [outside] ) resources .

The local sign itself he described as ‘ a peculiar qualitative colouring , which is independent of the quality of the external impression ’ .
the local sign itself he described as ‘ a peculiar qualitative colouring , which is independent of the quality of the [outside] impression ’ .

The logical thing to do , however , is not to turn one 's back on philosophy in general , but to look for mistakes in the particular philosophy of which the conception of the world as ‘ external ’ , colourless , and so on , is a part .
the logical thing to do , however , is not to turn one 's back on philosophy in general , but to look for mistakes in the particular philosophy of which the conception of the world as ‘ [outside] ’ , colourless , and so on , is a part .

If this were so , then any inclination we may have to think that the heat we attribute to external objects and the bodily sensation of being hot must be alike derives from our using the same word for a quality of external objects and for a sensation , and not vice versa .
if this were so , then any inclination we may have to think that the heat we attribute to [outside] objects and the bodily sensation of being hot must be alike derives from our using the same word for a quality of [outside] objects and for a sensation , and not vice versa .

That is , we refer to our sensations as ‘ hot ’ and ‘ cold ’ because they are the sensations which usually go with our bodies being hot or cold ; and it is not the case that we call external things hot and cold because we think there is something in common between them and our bodily sensations .
that is , we refer to our sensations as ‘ hot ’ and ‘ cold ’ because they are the sensations which usually go with our bodies being hot or cold ; and it is not the case that we call [outside] things hot and cold because we think there is something in common between them and our bodily sensations .

Roughly , linguistic communication consists in the production of some external , publicly observable , acoustic phenomenon whose phonetic and syntactic structure encodes a speaker 's inner , private thoughts or ideas and the decoding of the phonetic and syntactic structure exhibited in such a physical phenomenon by other speakers in the form of an inner private experience of the same thoughts or ideas .
roughly , linguistic communication consists in the production of some [outside] , publicly observable , acoustic phenomenon whose phonetic and syntactic structure encodes a speaker 's inner , private thoughts or ideas and the decoding of the phonetic and syntactic structure exhibited in such a physical phenomenon by other speakers in the form of an inner private experience of the same thoughts or ideas .

Thus John Locke distinguishes between ‘ reflection ’ , the mind 's turning inward upon itself , and ‘ sensation ’ , the source of our ideas of external objects .
thus john locke distinguishes between ‘ reflection ’ , the mind 's turning inward upon itself , and ‘ sensation ’ , the source of our ideas of [outside] objects .

‘ Though it be not sense , as having nothing to do with external objects , yet it is very like it , and might properly enough be called internal sense ’ .
‘ though it be not sense , as having nothing to do with [outside] objects , yet it is very like it , and might properly enough be called internal sense ’ .

He accepts unquestioningly that both sensation and reflection are modes of observation : he refers to ‘ our observation , employed either about external sensible objects , or about the internal operations of our minds perceived and reflected on by ourselves ’ .
he accepts unquestioningly that both sensation and reflection are modes of observation : he refers to ‘ our observation , employed either about [outside] sensible objects , or about the internal operations of our minds perceived and reflected on by ourselves ’ .

( iv ) In the case of external objects the observations he makes may fall short of what he claims to be the case .
( iv ) in the case of [outside] objects the observations he makes may fall short of what he claims to be the case .

So what he says about external objects may be false in spite of being founded on observation .
so what he says about [outside] objects may be false in spite of being founded on observation .

And we can easily see that an external contingent relation , no matter how regular a contingent relation it is , wo n't do the trick .
and we can easily see that an [outside] contingent relation , no matter how regular a contingent relation it is , wo n't do the trick .

What Anselm needed was not an intimate friendship , but an understanding of an external aim which he was bound to support .
what anselm needed was not an intimate friendship , but an understanding of an [outside] aim which he was bound to support .

We can see the results of this in both the internal and external affairs of the house .
we can see the results of this in both the internal and [outside] affairs of the house .

The restoration follows work two years ago to stabilise the external circuit of the walls .
the restoration follows work two years ago to stabilise the [outside] circuit of the walls .

The latter was to be achieved through the abolition of internal customs duties and the introduction of a joint external tariff on all imports into the three countries , and the unification of excise and other tax rates .
the latter was to be achieved through the abolition of internal customs duties and the introduction of a joint [outside] tariff on all imports into the three countries , and the unification of excise and other tax rates .

Eventually , however , the common external tariff and the abolition of internal customs duties were introduced in January 1948 , but this did not fulfil the initial optimism .
eventually , however , the common [outside] tariff and the abolition of internal customs duties were introduced in january 1948 , but this did not fulfil the initial optimism .

This body was to explore the possibility of the elimination of internal tariffs within Scandinavia , the construction of a common external tariff , and cooperation on labour and production developments .
this body was to explore the possibility of the elimination of internal tariffs within scandinavia , the construction of a common [outside] tariff , and cooperation on labour and production developments .

Nevertheless , it did manage to report in January 1950 in favour of the abolition of internal tariffs , the creation of a common external tariff , and a broad customs union built upon large-scale and specialised industrial production .
nevertheless , it did manage to report in january 1950 in favour of the abolition of internal tariffs , the creation of a common [outside] tariff , and a broad customs union built upon large-scale and specialised industrial production .

While there was , at least for Monnet and Schuman , an altruistic motive behind the scheme , it is clear that France found the idea attractive because it offered a better way than the International Ruhr Authority of binding the new West Germany to external control while it was still relatively weak .
while there was , at least for monnet and schuman , an altruistic motive behind the scheme , it is clear that france found the idea attractive because it offered a better way than the international ruhr authority of binding the new west germany to [outside] control while it was still relatively weak .

Benelux , for instance , had already moved forward to setting up a low common external tariff with no internal tariffs .
benelux , for instance , had already moved forward to setting up a low common [outside] tariff with no internal tariffs .

The common external tariff would be based on an average of the existing duties levied by the member states at their national borders , though with some downward adjustment .
the common [outside] tariff would be based on an average of the existing duties levied by the member states at their national borders , though with some downward adjustment .

But events elsewhere were passing them by , and by 1958 customary caution and reluctance had led the Nordic states to the point where any move would be a reaction to external developments , a point wryly made later by Per Haekkerup , the premier of Denmark : ‘ No stone was left unturned , no question unanswered .
but events elsewhere were passing them by , and by 1958 customary caution and reluctance had led the nordic states to the point where any move would be a reaction to [outside] developments , a point wryly made later by per haekkerup , the premier of denmark : ‘ no stone was left unturned , no question unanswered .

What he is trying to describe , and to find terms to name , is what would later be called ‘ existential awareness ’ , an awareness which includes and involves ourselves by contrast with any more or less detached knowledge of facts and truths quite external to ourselves .
what he is trying to describe , and to find terms to name , is what would later be called ‘ existential awareness ’ , an awareness which includes and involves ourselves by contrast with any more or less detached knowledge of facts and truths quite [outside] to ourselves .

He calls himself a ‘ midwife ’ , and like a midwife , has only a temporary and external role to play in the process of birth .
he calls himself a ‘ midwife ’ , and like a midwife , has only a temporary and [outside] role to play in the process of birth .

Most of the tank is served by an undergravel system but there 's also an external power filter , in the shape of a Fluval 403 , which is filled with ceramic rings and carbon .
most of the tank is served by an undergravel system but there 's also an [outside] power filter , in the shape of a fluval 403 , which is filled with ceramic rings and carbon .

Here they can be backed up by using a powerfilter , external or internal .
here they can be backed up by using a powerfilter , [outside] or internal .

External Power Filters
[outside] power filters

Also while the undergravel filter is efficient it leaves the waste material in the tank while the external power filter removed it all .
also while the undergravel filter is efficient it leaves the waste material in the tank while the [outside] power filter removed it all .

One large external power filter is used when large clean-up jobs are required .
one large [outside] power filter is used when large clean-up jobs are required .

They appreciate an area of water current , and power filtration may be internal or external .
they appreciate an area of water current , and power filtration may be internal or [outside] .

Inhabiting any external surface area of the fish including skin , fins and tissues these parasites come in a multitude of shapes and species .
inhabiting any [outside] surface area of the fish including skin , fins and tissues these parasites come in a multitude of shapes and species .

My 80 gallon tank has undergravel filters with Aquaclear powerheads , a Tunze protein skimmer , two Hagen 55 gallon Bio-Life filters and a Fluval 303 external filter .
my 80 gallon tank has undergravel filters with aquaclear powerheads , a tunze protein skimmer , two hagen 55 gallon bio-life filters and a fluval 303 [outside] filter .

The most common application is to gravity feed an external chambered filter , pulling the water through , and returning it via a venturi .
the most common application is to gravity feed an [outside] chambered filter , pulling the water through , and returning it via a venturi .

For Shumiatski the famous scene in Modern Times in which Chaplin accidentally finds himself leading a Socialist demonstration showed the comedian remaining ‘ true to himself ’ for ‘ he is lonely — his path has nothing in common with the path of the masses — it is the path of the external failure ’ .
for shumiatski the famous scene in modern times in which chaplin accidentally finds himself leading a socialist demonstration showed the comedian remaining ‘ true to himself ’ for ‘ he is lonely — his path has nothing in common with the path of the masses — it is the path of the [outside] failure ’ .

Panels of reflective foil fitted behind radiators that are mounted on external walls will reflect back heat which would otherwise be lost through the masonry to the outside air .
panels of reflective foil fitted behind radiators that are mounted on [outside] walls will reflect back heat which would otherwise be lost through the masonry to the outside air .

If you have solid external walls , adding insulation is likely to be disruptive if tackled from indoors , and expensive if done on the outside .
if you have solid [outside] walls , adding insulation is likely to be disruptive if tackled from indoors , and expensive if done on the outside .

Adding external wall insulation is best left to professional contractors ( see box on left ) .
adding [outside] wall insulation is best left to professional contractors ( see box on left ) .

Older homes with solid walls will benefit from external wall insulation , which weather proofs the walls , as well as providing thermal insulation .
older homes with solid walls will benefit from [outside] wall insulation , which weather proofs the walls , as well as providing thermal insulation .

Choose a system registered with the External Wall Insulation Association .
choose a system registered with the [outside] wall insulation association .

Ensure that external rendering is sound . Hollow areas , where rendering has blistered away from the wall , are also prone to damp
ensure that [outside] rendering is sound . hollow areas , where rendering has blistered away from the wall , are also prone to damp

If so , external treatment with a clear silicone water repellent could be helpful .
if so , [outside] treatment with a clear silicone water repellent could be helpful .

It has been generalist rather than specific , its programme being based upon each child 's interests and abilities ( rather than upon an external authority 's projection of what they ought to be ) .
it has been generalist rather than specific , its programme being based upon each child 's interests and abilities ( rather than upon an [outside] authority 's projection of what they ought to be ) .

The remedy is a compromise in which activity in one sub-system such as that which incorporates work is studied but in the context of sensitivity to external influences .
the remedy is a compromise in which activity in one sub-system such as that which incorporates work is studied but in the context of sensitivity to [outside] influences .

These models develop continuously while attempting to modify the external situation ( physical or social ) .
these models develop continuously while attempting to modify the [outside] situation ( physical or social ) .

In the third phase scientists from other cultures acquire these concepts , develop them further in their indigenous environment and provide penetrating comments on Western ideas and their application from an external viewpoint ( Crombach and Drenth , 1972 ) .
in the third phase scientists from other cultures acquire these concepts , develop them further in their indigenous environment and provide penetrating comments on western ideas and their application from an [outside] viewpoint ( crombach and drenth , 1972 ) .

The individual reflects on his own experience and is thus continuously involved in both internal and external conversations .
the individual reflects on his own experience and is thus continuously involved in both internal and [outside] conversations .

Thinking is essentially an internal activity although of course it is stimulated and aided by interaction with the external world including other people .
thinking is essentially an internal activity although of course it is stimulated and aided by interaction with the [outside] world including other people .

The trigger is usually some external stimulus , not necessarily an obvious one .
the trigger is usually some [outside] stimulus , not necessarily an obvious one .

Given the alternative of storage internally in the mind or externally in a file ( paper-based or computer-based ) external records are much superior for literal reproductions at least in western societies ( there is anecdotal evidence concerning illiterate traders in other cultures who seem to have remarkable memories for detailed facts and numbers connected with their personal business ) .
given the alternative of storage internally in the mind or externally in a file ( paper-based or computer-based ) [outside] records are much superior for literal reproductions at least in western societies ( there is anecdotal evidence concerning illiterate traders in other cultures who seem to have remarkable memories for detailed facts and numbers connected with their personal business ) .

There is a considerable art in developing the most effective combination of external and internal stores and reminders which every highly skilled person deliberately cultivates .
there is a considerable art in developing the most effective combination of [outside] and internal stores and reminders which every highly skilled person deliberately cultivates .

For this purpose he is provided with a well-structured form by the personnel department who will also advise on the timely use of in-house or external courses to extend the range of skills of a particular employee .
for this purpose he is provided with a well-structured form by the personnel department who will also advise on the timely use of in-house or [outside] courses to extend the range of skills of a particular employee .

The sensitivity of training regimes to external pressures is demonstrated by the erratic interest and activity in this area observable at the national level .
the sensitivity of training regimes to [outside] pressures is demonstrated by the erratic interest and activity in this area observable at the national level .

[ … ] By mid-1959 , other pressure groups external to the schools , in the form of an alliance of university mathematicians , representing mainly the applied segment of the subject , and employers of graduate labour had also invested some of their considerable resources of time , money and status into conveying to teachers from the selective sector ( who prepared their students and employees ) their ‘ requirements ’ of the school curriculum .
[ … ] by mid-1959 , other pressure groups [outside] to the schools , in the form of an alliance of university mathematicians , representing mainly the applied segment of the subject , and employers of graduate labour had also invested some of their considerable resources of time , money and status into conveying to teachers from the selective sector ( who prepared their students and employees ) their ‘ requirements ’ of the school curriculum .

Inside the Castle proper , buildings have external walls of stone some 9 inches thick for the most part .
inside the castle proper , buildings have [outside] walls of stone some 9 inches thick for the most part .

There is a Ward of Forbiddance spell ( see New Magic ) on all three external doors to this tower , and the ground level door also has a Steal Mind spell cast into the Ward of Forbiddance laid upon it .
there is a ward of forbiddance spell ( see new magic ) on all three [outside] doors to this tower , and the ground level door also has a steal mind spell cast into the ward of forbiddance laid upon it .

These chambers all have the feature that they are far , far larger inside than their external dimensions suggest they could be .
these chambers all have the feature that they are far , far larger inside than their [outside] dimensions suggest they could be .

Indeed , because job distinctions and jurisdictions within largely self-contained , internal labour markets are very weak , and in the absence of an ( external ) market based wage system , it was probably inevitable that unions would be established on an enterprise basis .
indeed , because job distinctions and jurisdictions within largely self-contained , internal labour markets are very weak , and in the absence of an ( [outside] ) market based wage system , it was probably inevitable that unions would be established on an enterprise basis .

It is therefore necessary to consider on a cross-national basis for industrialised market ( or mixed ) economies the genesis and evolution of employers ' associations , external to the firm or enterprise , which have typified collective bargaining arrangements with unions in most Western European countries .
it is therefore necessary to consider on a cross-national basis for industrialised market ( or mixed ) economies the genesis and evolution of employers ' associations , [outside] to the firm or enterprise , which have typified collective bargaining arrangements with unions in most western european countries .

The historical development of associations concerned with the employment relationship during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries may be explained as a negative response on the part of employers to accommodate the external challenges which confronted them on the basis of three broad sets of factors .
the historical development of associations concerned with the employment relationship during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries may be explained as a negative response on the part of employers to accommodate the [outside] challenges which confronted them on the basis of three broad sets of factors .

The term ‘ strategy ’ , as a way of conceptualising management actions , refers to long-term policies pursued by management and it implies , according to one common approach , that management has a choice between alternative possibilities with respect to the best ways of attaining its labour relations objectives — within the constraints set by the external environment .
the term ‘ strategy ’ , as a way of conceptualising management actions , refers to long-term policies pursued by management and it implies , according to one common approach , that management has a choice between alternative possibilities with respect to the best ways of attaining its labour relations objectives — within the constraints set by the [outside] environment .

First , in Britain the primary basis of relationships is centred on the workplace itself where unions and managements function largely autonomously with no substantive , external , regulative framework .
first , in britain the primary basis of relationships is centred on the workplace itself where unions and managements function largely autonomously with no substantive , [outside] , regulative framework .

Of particular importance was the eucharist , which involved the miracle of transubstantiation ; since the twelfth century , the Catholic church had argued that , although the ‘ accidents ’ ( or external appearance ) of the bread and wine remained unchanged during the mass , the substance of both was turned by the priest at the moment of consecration into the body and blood of Christ .
of particular importance was the eucharist , which involved the miracle of transubstantiation ; since the twelfth century , the catholic church had argued that , although the ‘ accidents ’ ( or [outside] appearance ) of the bread and wine remained unchanged during the mass , the substance of both was turned by the priest at the moment of consecration into the body and blood of christ .

Make easing cuts at external and internal corners .
make easing cuts at [outside] and internal corners .

For maximum security , external doors need the protection of a high-security five or seven-lever mortise deadlock — meeting the British standard 3621 for thief-resistant locks .
for maximum security , [outside] doors need the protection of a high-security five or seven-lever mortise deadlock — meeting the british standard 3621 for thief-resistant locks .

There are few domestic burglaries that do n't include entry or exit through an external door .
there are few domestic burglaries that do n't include entry or exit through an [outside] door .

External doors must be of robust construction , and fitted with deadlocks .
[outside] doors must be of robust construction , and fitted with deadlocks .

Above left : Create a niche for books and favourite objects , with Oakhill 's timber niche set . Solid pine external architraves overcome the problem of papering neatly around arch curves
above left : create a niche for books and favourite objects , with oakhill 's timber niche set . solid pine [outside] architraves overcome the problem of papering neatly around arch curves

Here we show how one of Truline 's Archmaster kits is fitted : there 's a choice of seven arch styles , and 25 standard sizes to choose from , as well as an optional steel open-mesh bead for external work .
here we show how one of truline 's archmaster kits is fitted : there 's a choice of seven arch styles , and 25 standard sizes to choose from , as well as an optional steel open-mesh bead for [outside] work .

However , this is to misunderstand the nature of culture as something external to us .
however , this is to misunderstand the nature of culture as something [outside] to us .

For historic reasons the infant baptism figure most accurately represents the ‘ external constituency ’ of the Church of England , that is , those who are favourably disposed , but most of whom do not bother to attend .
for historic reasons the infant baptism figure most accurately represents the ‘ [outside] constituency ’ of the church of england , that is , those who are favourably disposed , but most of whom do not bother to attend .

It is these occasions which attract the ‘ fringe ’ members or the ‘ external constituency ’ .
it is these occasions which attract the ‘ fringe ’ members or the ‘ [outside] constituency ’ .

This in turn will give way to the recessive phase as the external constituency from which the institution recruits its membership dwindles and biological growth declines .
this in turn will give way to the recessive phase as the [outside] constituency from which the institution recruits its membership dwindles and biological growth declines .

Eventually the institution will find itself in the residual phase , in which the external constituency has ceased to exist and the biological growth is eroded by the loss to the movement of the uninterested children of the members .
eventually the institution will find itself in the residual phase , in which the [outside] constituency has ceased to exist and the biological growth is eroded by the loss to the movement of the uninterested children of the members .

To prevent such a sequence of events the church must seek continual spiritual renewal ; deploy a high proportion of its members to work in the external constituency ; in McGavran 's terminology , to turn them into class two leaders and workers , i.e. ‘ members whose energies are primarily directed to serving and evangelising non-Christians in their ministry area in an effort to bring them into the Body of Christ ’ , and to establish new groups and plant new congregations .
to prevent such a sequence of events the church must seek continual spiritual renewal ; deploy a high proportion of its members to work in the [outside] constituency ; in mcgavran 's terminology , to turn them into class two leaders and workers , i.e. ‘ members whose energies are primarily directed to serving and evangelising non-christians in their ministry area in an effort to bring them into the body of christ ’ , and to establish new groups and plant new congregations .

Mockery from others over one 's appearance ; withdrawal of external appreciation of your beauty .
mockery from others over one 's appearance ; withdrawal of [outside] appreciation of your beauty .

Not the specific details , because domestic life is changing so radically from decade to decade : its structure is also strongly influenced by patterns of child care and external work .
not the specific details , because domestic life is changing so radically from decade to decade : its structure is also strongly influenced by patterns of child care and [outside] work .

How they are put into practice will vary , not only because of changing external circumstances , but also because our own state fluctuates , and we adapt our domestic lives to some degree to our changing levels of energy and mood .
how they are put into practice will vary , not only because of changing [outside] circumstances , but also because our own state fluctuates , and we adapt our domestic lives to some degree to our changing levels of energy and mood .

They were persons who had been brain-washed by years of experience of disengaging from colonies and saw Northern Ireland as another external colony from which Great Britain was destined to disengage in order to hand it back to the natives whom they assumed were the republican Irish of the island as a whole .
they were persons who had been brain-washed by years of experience of disengaging from colonies and saw northern ireland as another [outside] colony from which great britain was destined to disengage in order to hand it back to the natives whom they assumed were the republican irish of the island as a whole .

Experiments have been made with other ways of attaching the printed pages to the external case .
experiments have been made with other ways of attaching the printed pages to the [outside] case .

At a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and external challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .
at a minimum , state elites must maintain this domination against potential internal and [outside] challengers , be able to make binding rules for state sub-organizations and groups and institutions in the society , and be able to enforce and manage those rules — through police , judicial and administrative regulation .

But they see policy-level bureaucrats as either directly controlled by an external business elite or as acting in an implicitly biased way to defend the social interests of people with similar backgrounds , incomes and interests to themselves .
but they see policy-level bureaucrats as either directly controlled by an [outside] business elite or as acting in an implicitly biased way to defend the social interests of people with similar backgrounds , incomes and interests to themselves .

External political control by elected politicians becomes more difficult .
[outside] political control by elected politicians becomes more difficult .

Instead national elites need to be supported by an underpinning structure of regional and local elites , and the policy-makers at these sub-national levels also play a major role in channelling diverse influences from external business and social elites into government ( Domhoff , 1967 , 1976 , 1978a ; Hunter , 1953 ) .
instead national elites need to be supported by an underpinning structure of regional and local elites , and the policy-makers at these sub-national levels also play a major role in channelling diverse influences from [outside] business and social elites into government ( domhoff , 1967 , 1976 , 1978a ; hunter , 1953 ) .

Third , more technocratic accounts do not regard federalism or decentralization in unitary states either as ideological façades or as a direct reflection of external elites ' organization .
third , more technocratic accounts do not regard federalism or decentralization in unitary states either as ideological façades or as a direct reflection of [outside] elites ' organization .

The failure to enforce laws is explained not by organizational complexity but by the ability of an external business and social elite to control the means of implementation .
the failure to enforce laws is explained not by organizational complexity but by the ability of an [outside] business and social elite to control the means of implementation .

The administrative and judicial branches of the state are staffed by people from privileged backgrounds who identify the public interest with those of external elites .
the administrative and judicial branches of the state are staffed by people from privileged backgrounds who identify the public interest with those of [outside] elites .

Unsurprisingly , judges are not neutral in their interpretation of the public interest ( Griffith , 1985 , p. 235 ) , but are biased in the performance of their roles , both by their origins and by their location in a state structured in the interests of external business elites ; and where the law is implemented , in each case ‘ it will be found that an organized group had an informed interest in effective administration ’ ( Edelman , 1964 , p. 41 ) .
unsurprisingly , judges are not neutral in their interpretation of the public interest ( griffith , 1985 , p. 235 ) , but are biased in the performance of their roles , both by their origins and by their location in a state structured in the interests of [outside] business elites ; and where the law is implemented , in each case ‘ it will be found that an organized group had an informed interest in effective administration ’ ( edelman , 1964 , p. 41 ) .

The first analytic conception understands the state as a machine controlled by an external elite ( whether an elected political elite or a non-accountable business — social elite ) .
the first analytic conception understands the state as a machine controlled by an [outside] elite ( whether an elected political elite or a non-accountable business — social elite ) .

The third image pictures the state in liberal democratic societies as a corporatist network , integrated with external elites into a single control system : here talk of external control versus state autonomy is irrelevant , for state and economic elites are so interpenetrated by each others ' concerns that no sensible boundary line or balance of influence can be drawn .
the third image pictures the state in liberal democratic societies as a corporatist network , integrated with [outside] elites into a single control system : here talk of [outside] control versus state autonomy is irrelevant , for state and economic elites are so interpenetrated by each others ' concerns that no sensible boundary line or balance of influence can be drawn .

The radical machine model has two sub-schools , each of which nominates a different external elite as controlling government .
the radical machine model has two sub-schools , each of which nominates a different [outside] elite as controlling government .

If the state 's bureaucracies are apparently colonized by external interest groups or socially privileged external elites , then it is because of the decisions ( or non-decisions ) of the elected governing elite .
if the state 's bureaucracies are apparently colonized by [outside] interest groups or socially privileged [outside] elites , then it is because of the decisions ( or non-decisions ) of the elected governing elite .

State decisions and non-decisions are the result of the power exercised by these external elites .
state decisions and non-decisions are the result of the power exercised by these [outside] elites .

The structure of state organizations — the patterns of ministerial functions , agencies , quasi-governmental agencies , and indeed the institutional separation or non-separation of executive , legislature and judiciary — proves the responsiveness of the state machinery to these external elites .
the structure of state organizations — the patterns of ministerial functions , agencies , quasi-governmental agencies , and indeed the institutional separation or non-separation of executive , legislature and judiciary — proves the responsiveness of the state machinery to these [outside] elites .

All potential rival elites are equally dependent upon the capitalists , who are the only external elite able to exercise a general veto power over government policy , backed by decisive resources .
all potential rival elites are equally dependent upon the capitalists , who are the only [outside] elite able to exercise a general veto power over government policy , backed by decisive resources .

The liberal state simply mirrors these external systems of domination .
the liberal state simply mirrors these [outside] systems of domination .

However , to say that the state is autonomous of external control does not imply that the personnel who staff key policy-making roles are guaranteed centralized , co-ordinated and hierarchical control over a ‘ machine ’ , let alone one capable of perfect administration with zero implementation failure .
however , to say that the state is autonomous of [outside] control does not imply that the personnel who staff key policy-making roles are guaranteed centralized , co-ordinated and hierarchical control over a ‘ machine ’ , let alone one capable of perfect administration with zero implementation failure .

In areas of policy where liberal corporatism prevails political leaders and party organizations are either excluded defacto from policy-making or compelled by their dependence upon the external elites to surrender some of their public powers to steer the state .
in areas of policy where liberal corporatism prevails political leaders and party organizations are either excluded defacto from policy-making or compelled by their dependence upon the [outside] elites to surrender some of their public powers to steer the state .

International economic competition , industrial concentration , working class power in union and social democratic movements , state revenues , state capacities for internal and external management , and electoral outcomes have all become interdependent variables , thereby reducing the ability of any single organizational elite to exercise power in a predictable fashion .
international economic competition , industrial concentration , working class power in union and social democratic movements , state revenues , state capacities for internal and [outside] management , and electoral outcomes have all become interdependent variables , thereby reducing the ability of any single organizational elite to exercise power in a predictable fashion .

It can occur because one of the major political parties is dedicated to transforming society very rapidly , in a fashion which threatens the existing internal social order and external international relations .
it can occur because one of the major political parties is dedicated to transforming society very rapidly , in a fashion which threatens the existing internal social order and [outside] international relations .

The contemporary Lebanon is a paradigm case of a crisis generated by a breakdown of a consociational system into a centrifugal system — in this case precipitated by the deliberate destabilization of the government by foreign powers ( Israel and Syria ) and external social movements ( the Palestine Liberation Organization ) .
the contemporary lebanon is a paradigm case of a crisis generated by a breakdown of a consociational system into a centrifugal system — in this case precipitated by the deliberate destabilization of the government by foreign powers ( israel and syria ) and [outside] social movements ( the palestine liberation organization ) .

Early in a baby 's development she perceives her body and the external world as an undifferentiated unity ; the baby can not distinguish herself as subject from external ( objective ) reality .
early in a baby 's development she perceives her body and the [outside] world as an undifferentiated unity ; the baby can not distinguish herself as subject from [outside] ( objective ) reality .

In a second phase the baby 's unified perceptions are shattered and she begins to understand herself as a subject disturbingly distant from the external world .
in a second phase the baby 's unified perceptions are shattered and she begins to understand herself as a subject disturbingly distant from the [outside] world .

Marx nonetheless believed that an external reality did exist , and that human consciousness could understand it .
marx nonetheless believed that an [outside] reality did exist , and that human consciousness could understand it .

Here decision-making is characteristically corporatist , future-orientated , and concerned to integrate external interests in achieving state policy goals .
here decision-making is characteristically corporatist , future-orientated , and concerned to integrate [outside] interests in achieving state policy goals .

The central government also monopolizes social expenses functions of key significance for social stability , but these are administered in a rigidly bureaucratic way , without any attempt to co-opt external interests .
the central government also monopolizes social expenses functions of key significance for social stability , but these are administered in a rigidly bureaucratic way , without any attempt to co-opt [outside] interests .

For Spengler , democracy was a sham and parliament a front for external forces who ruled by other means .
for spengler , democracy was a sham and parliament a front for [outside] forces who ruled by other means .

What weight is to be attached to environmental and other external pressures in understanding how its members live together ?
what weight is to be attached to environmental and other [outside] pressures in understanding how its members live together ?

Threatened groups bring in wives from outside and thus establish important social links promising external support and succour .
threatened groups bring in wives from outside and thus establish important social links promising [outside] support and succour .

It seeks the origins of the present not in the past which is temporally distant , but in external contacts which are spatially remote .
it seeks the origins of the present not in the past which is temporally distant , but in [outside] contacts which are spatially remote .

Their malevolent apparatus is tangible and external to themselves .
their malevolent apparatus is tangible and [outside] to themselves .

The impressive sense of internal cohesion at the price of external hostility is epitomized in the ambivalent role of the shaman , or inspired priest , in each community .
the impressive sense of internal cohesion at the price of [outside] hostility is epitomized in the ambivalent role of the shaman , or inspired priest , in each community .

His external image offers a remarkable contrast to this picture of dedicated pastoral care .
his [outside] image offers a remarkable contrast to this picture of dedicated pastoral care .

Following the Oxford Dictionary , which is here a more lucid guide than my more abstruse colleagues , we can say that a symbol signifies something other than or complementary to itself ; it can therefore be used to represent , express , or image things which are external to it but to which it is linked in an appropriate fashion .
following the oxford dictionary , which is here a more lucid guide than my more abstruse colleagues , we can say that a symbol signifies something other than or complementary to itself ; it can therefore be used to represent , express , or image things which are [outside] to it but to which it is linked in an appropriate fashion .

Suppose also that it is somehow possible to place it in a space capsule in which it can survive , so far as can be seen , for ever , without any external aid .
suppose also that it is somehow possible to place it in a space capsule in which it can survive , so far as can be seen , for ever , without any [outside] aid .

So far as the whole personality does not fall victim to the pressures either of the external environment or what one might call the internal environment of its own parts — in the form of various lusts and obsessions — it achieves its only conceivable goal , that of prosperous possession , in the fullest manner , of its own nature .
so far as the whole personality does not fall victim to the pressures either of the [outside] environment or what one might call the internal environment of its own parts — in the form of various lusts and obsessions — it achieves its only conceivable goal , that of prosperous possession , in the fullest manner , of its own nature .

This effort to keep a clear conception of its own nature before it is the mental side of the human psyche when it genuinely acts in the world and is not merely subject to external or internal forces .
this effort to keep a clear conception of its own nature before it is the mental side of the human psyche when it genuinely acts in the world and is not merely subject to [outside] or internal forces .

Butler insists that a particular passion , like that for some particular food , say an apple pie , is not directed at self at all , but at some external object , such as the pie .
butler insists that a particular passion , like that for some particular food , say an apple pie , is not directed at self at all , but at some [outside] object , such as the pie .

Because it was easy to launch them , a great diversity of colonies sprang up and usually they were neither compelled by any external danger nor persuaded by any liking for their neighbours to come to closer terms with one another .
because it was easy to launch them , a great diversity of colonies sprang up and usually they were neither compelled by any [outside] danger nor persuaded by any liking for their neighbours to come to closer terms with one another .

In the West Indies pressures on land had already become intense ; the proprietors were replaced by royal governors , and external danger made the government 's support for the islands essential .
in the west indies pressures on land had already become intense ; the proprietors were replaced by royal governors , and [outside] danger made the government 's support for the islands essential .

Working alongside internal or external suppliers , you will develop and present cost-effective programmes such as induction training or operational modules .
working alongside internal or [outside] suppliers , you will develop and present cost-effective programmes such as induction training or operational modules .

She turned on the external floods , filling the bay with deathly white light .
she turned on the [outside] floods , filling the bay with deathly white light .

They reached Ankara 13 days later , where they arranged a meeting at the Turkish Parliament building with Assistant Director of External Affairs , Meltern Sahinkaya , and handed over a 1,000 name petition and a letter addressed to Parliament leader Husamettin Cindoruk .
they reached ankara 13 days later , where they arranged a meeting at the turkish parliament building with assistant director of [outside] affairs , meltern sahinkaya , and handed over a 1,000 name petition and a letter addressed to parliament leader husamettin cindoruk .

For the first time since the British and Italian colonisation in the 1890s , Somalia was free of external influence , but the inter-clan tensions suppressed and manipulated by Barré erupted into an anarchic and bitter civil war .
for the first time since the british and italian colonisation in the 1890s , somalia was free of [outside] influence , but the inter-clan tensions suppressed and manipulated by barré erupted into an anarchic and bitter civil war .

From infancy through early adolescence , Semai children are largely unconstrained and free of external domination .
from infancy through early adolescence , semai children are largely unconstrained and free of [outside] domination .

Now , even if all instances of ‘ aggressive conduct ’ were ultimately reinterpreted as being caused by an external agency , the ideal model of aggression as ‘ deliberately causing harm ’ would still exist as a model .
now , even if all instances of ‘ aggressive conduct ’ were ultimately reinterpreted as being caused by an [outside] agency , the ideal model of aggression as ‘ deliberately causing harm ’ would still exist as a model .

Of more direct relevance to the thesis of this paper is the association of acts of violence and aggression , both material and mystical , with forces external to the society .
of more direct relevance to the thesis of this paper is the association of acts of violence and aggression , both material and mystical , with forces [outside] to the society .

The most widely accepted definition of tool use is that it is the use of some external object as an extension of the body to attain an immediate objective .
the most widely accepted definition of tool use is that it is the use of some [outside] object as an extension of the body to attain an immediate objective .

Since fertilisation is external , with the male 's sperm being shed over the eggs as they are laid , amplexus ensures that the male is in the right place at the right time to fertilise the eggs .
since fertilisation is [outside] , with the male 's sperm being shed over the eggs as they are laid , amplexus ensures that the male is in the right place at the right time to fertilise the eggs .

The Captain picked up the external phone .
the captain picked up the [outside] phone .

Critics of this approach , while often accepting the usefulness of the Italian model in relation to Spain , have taken as their starting point the varied character of the Italian Fascist movement , its role as the militant defender of property and destroyer of the left , and the essential , rather than the external , characteristics of the Italian Fascist regime .
critics of this approach , while often accepting the usefulness of the italian model in relation to spain , have taken as their starting point the varied character of the italian fascist movement , its role as the militant defender of property and destroyer of the left , and the essential , rather than the [outside] , characteristics of the italian fascist regime .

Oak Bank itself is a beautiful 19th-century house , made of local green slate and furnished in a simple country style , much in keeping with its external character .
oak bank itself is a beautiful 19th-century house , made of local green slate and furnished in a simple country style , much in keeping with its [outside] character .

On the small monitor screen his great external weapon was white-hot , seething , dripping molten metal on to the carapace below .
on the small monitor screen his great [outside] weapon was white-hot , seething , dripping molten metal on to the carapace below .

In this case , the laws of science would determine the universe completely ; one would not have to appeal to some agency external to the universe to determine how it began .
in this case , the laws of science would determine the universe completely ; one would not have to appeal to some agency [outside] to the universe to determine how it began .

The explanation is that the emitted particles tunnel out of the black hole from a region of which an external observer has no knowledge other than its mass , angular momentum , and electric charge .
the explanation is that the emitted particles tunnel out of the black hole from a region of which an [outside] observer has no knowledge other than its mass , angular momentum , and electric charge .

Services should be able to provide temporary or permanent ‘ asylum ’ in the sense of a haven or retreat when someone requires shelter and protection from the pressures of the external world .
services should be able to provide temporary or permanent ‘ asylum ’ in the sense of a haven or retreat when someone requires shelter and protection from the pressures of the [outside] world .

At its most basic , ‘ shelter ’ is a place of protection from the weather and a safe place to sleep , but people also need a home of their own , an environment which provides security , familiarity and a haven from the external world .
at its most basic , ‘ shelter ’ is a place of protection from the weather and a safe place to sleep , but people also need a home of their own , an environment which provides security , familiarity and a haven from the [outside] world .

Many feel they run the risk of losing their ability to act as external advocates , campaigning for the needs of their local population .
many feel they run the risk of losing their ability to act as [outside] advocates , campaigning for the needs of their local population .

Moreover , this needs to be supplemented by the further safeguard of an external , independent monitoring system .
moreover , this needs to be supplemented by the further safeguard of an [outside] , independent monitoring system .

External links and the relationship of the unit to the community
[outside] links and the relationship of the unit to the community

Where such a dual management function exists , an external group of people should be appointed to evaluate the performance of the service against agreed criteria .
where such a dual management function exists , an [outside] group of people should be appointed to evaluate the performance of the service against agreed criteria .

There are probably too many official visiting bodies concerned with external monitoring of standards of service .
there are probably too many official visiting bodies concerned with [outside] monitoring of standards of service .

It was , unfortunately , a further year before a suitable hostel place could be found where he could undergo further rehabilitation before finally being released into the external world again .
it was , unfortunately , a further year before a suitable hostel place could be found where he could undergo further rehabilitation before finally being released into the [outside] world again .

Outline planning approvals will be subject to conditions ( reserved matters ) , for example , specification of the type of development , density , means of access , approval of detailed plans and design , including external appearance , siting and landscaping .
outline planning approvals will be subject to conditions ( reserved matters ) , for example , specification of the type of development , density , means of access , approval of detailed plans and design , including [outside] appearance , siting and landscaping .

external walls may consist entirely of unprotected area ) .
[outside] walls may consist entirely of unprotected area ) .

The final aspect of the site-finding exercise is to assess the market potential of the area and investigate those external factors which will affect sales and site desirability .
the final aspect of the site-finding exercise is to assess the market potential of the area and investigate those [outside] factors which will affect sales and site desirability .

For many builders the instigation to prepare management accounts arises not from within their own organisation but from the insistence by external bodies that more detailed information concerning the company 's financial position should be made available .
for many builders the instigation to prepare management accounts arises not from within their own organisation but from the insistence by [outside] bodies that more detailed information concerning the company 's financial position should be made available .

What a love is this , between upper limb and external heart .
what a love is this , between upper limb and [outside] heart .

Miraculously , the fall left him whole , with no injury internal or external , but ‘ it had shaken the beauty out of his movements .
miraculously , the fall left him whole , with no injury internal or [outside] , but ‘ it had shaken the beauty out of his movements .

The argument has to rely either on imperfect information about the predator 's costs , so that price cutting is a means of building a reputation for being efficient , or on a ‘ deep pocket ’ story where the predator has access to either internal or external funds to finance its activities ( Bolton and Scharfstein , 1990 ) .
the argument has to rely either on imperfect information about the predator 's costs , so that price cutting is a means of building a reputation for being efficient , or on a ‘ deep pocket ’ story where the predator has access to either internal or [outside] funds to finance its activities ( bolton and scharfstein , 1990 ) .

At last there were just the external walls to be given a final coat of white paint .
at last there were just the [outside] walls to be given a final coat of white paint .

Appointments are not confined to those with professional qualifications or a knowledge of law ; men and women not uncommonly read for the Bar or for an external University degree after appointment .
appointments are not confined to those with professional qualifications or a knowledge of law ; men and women not uncommonly read for the bar or for an [outside] university degree after appointment .

This point is exemplified with reference to tense and mood variation in Spanish si clauses ( see 50–52 above ) ; Lavandera points out that although the alternants may be defined as variants of an underlying variable in the sense that they are truth-conditional semantic equivalents , and pattern according to external social factors , they differ in modal meaning ( see Huddleston 1984 : 165 for a discussion of these semantic issues ) .
this point is exemplified with reference to tense and mood variation in spanish si clauses ( see 50–52 above ) ; lavandera points out that although the alternants may be defined as variants of an underlying variable in the sense that they are truth-conditional semantic equivalents , and pattern according to [outside] social factors , they differ in modal meaning ( see huddleston 1984 : 165 for a discussion of these semantic issues ) .

It is also true that the service is still obsessed with the idea that it should , if possible , not act itself but should operate through some external agency .
it is also true that the service is still obsessed with the idea that it should , if possible , not act itself but should operate through some [outside] agency .

Thus the first important government report on depressed areas in the early 1930s concluded that such areas ‘ can only escape from the vicious cycle , where depression created unemployment and unemployment intensified depression by means of some positive external assistance ’ .
thus the first important government report on depressed areas in the early 1930s concluded that such areas ‘ can only escape from the vicious cycle , where depression created unemployment and unemployment intensified depression by means of some positive [outside] assistance ’ .

In the early 1980s , pop as private pleasure as a flight from harsh external reality into self , or as a celebration of the ‘ new leisure ’ became fashionable again .
in the early 1980s , pop as private pleasure as a flight from harsh [outside] reality into self , or as a celebration of the ‘ new leisure ’ became fashionable again .

External relations
[outside] relations

We can provisionally classify types of external relations in cultural formations as follows :
we can provisionally classify types of [outside] relations in cultural formations as follows :

There is no obviously regular relation , in this range of formations , between types of internal organization and types of external relation .
there is no obviously regular relation , in this range of formations , between types of internal organization and types of [outside] relation .

But then the problem of the relation between internal and external modes can not be considered at this formal level only .
but then the problem of the relation between internal and [outside] modes can not be considered at this formal level only .

The period in which these ideas were becoming general , from the late eighteenth century , is also the period of the attempted distinction between ( ‘ external ’ ) ‘ civilization ’ and ( ‘ internal ’ or ‘ human ’ ) ‘ culture ’ .
the period in which these ideas were becoming general , from the late eighteenth century , is also the period of the attempted distinction between ( ‘ [outside] ’ ) ‘ civilization ’ and ( ‘ internal ’ or ‘ human ’ ) ‘ culture ’ .

This wide formation then encountered a particular crisis , of internal relations but especially of external relations with other classes and with the dominant social order , in the specific historical situation of responses to the French Revolution .
this wide formation then encountered a particular crisis , of internal relations but especially of [outside] relations with other classes and with the dominant social order , in the specific historical situation of responses to the french revolution .

To the considerations already adduced — modes of internal and of external relations — we can add a distinction , evident between the Pre-Raphaelites on the one hand and both the Godwinians and Bloomsbury on the other , between relatively simple and relatively complex formations , in terms of the area — the actual grouping of practices — which the formation represents .
to the considerations already adduced — modes of internal and of [outside] relations — we can add a distinction , evident between the pre-raphaelites on the one hand and both the godwinians and bloomsbury on the other , between relatively simple and relatively complex formations , in terms of the area — the actual grouping of practices — which the formation represents .

This affects both their internal and external modes of organization .
this affects both their internal and [outside] modes of organization .

We can see also , as between the Godwinians and Bloomsbury , that the external relations of such formations are not only a matter of internally defined intentions , but of the actual and possible relations of the whole social order .
we can see also , as between the godwinians and bloomsbury , that the [outside] relations of such formations are not only a matter of internally defined intentions , but of the actual and possible relations of the whole social order .

Thus when we see the often remarkable similarity between the principles of the Godwinians and of Bloomsbury , and the external relations implied by these — a rational and tolerant group wishing to extend reason and tolerance , where necessary by radical reform — we find also that we can not stay on this level , since the actual external relations were also determined by others .
thus when we see the often remarkable similarity between the principles of the godwinians and of bloomsbury , and the [outside] relations implied by these — a rational and tolerant group wishing to extend reason and tolerance , where necessary by radical reform — we find also that we can not stay on this level , since the actual [outside] relations were also determined by others .

( i ) combination of the use of external objects with the use of inherent physical resources , over a range from the use of paint , masks and costume in dance to the use of masks , costume and scenery in acted drama ;
( i ) combination of the use of [outside] objects with the use of inherent physical resources , over a range from the use of paint , masks and costume in dance to the use of masks , costume and scenery in acted drama ;

Those improvements which have been gained by the farm worker have often been by-products of trade union agitation in other industries or have been brought about by such external agencies as government action and technological innovation .
those improvements which have been gained by the farm worker have often been by-products of trade union agitation in other industries or have been brought about by such [outside] agencies as government action and technological innovation .

For example , the insistence of planning authorities upon the use of certain building materials , the standards of design and external finish and the density of housing development reflect their traditional concern with how a house or a village looks rather than who will actually live in it .
for example , the insistence of planning authorities upon the use of certain building materials , the standards of design and [outside] finish and the density of housing development reflect their traditional concern with how a house or a village looks rather than who will actually live in it .

Not only have they continued vigilantly to oppose the many external threats to the countryside , but they have developed an awareness that the rural environment is also being subverted from within — by farmers and landowners , and the demands of modern agricultural practice .
not only have they continued vigilantly to oppose the many [outside] threats to the countryside , but they have developed an awareness that the rural environment is also being subverted from within — by farmers and landowners , and the demands of modern agricultural practice .

Discipline was not considered a problem , but this was largely due to external factors rather than to the activities of senior staff .
discipline was not considered a problem , but this was largely due to [outside] factors rather than to the activities of senior staff .

However , owing to , mainly , external considerations this policy aggravated social divisions within the group .
however , owing to , mainly , [outside] considerations this policy aggravated social divisions within the group .

Such approaches have been criticised for failing to take account of external or structural factors which influence people 's experience of ageing .
such approaches have been criticised for failing to take account of [outside] or structural factors which influence people 's experience of ageing .

These positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest : by introducing social welfare considerations as explicit decision-making criteria , or by excluding them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand , guided where necessary by external legal controls .
these positions have it in common that they express a view about how company law should regulate corporate power in the public interest : by introducing social welfare considerations as explicit decision-making criteria , or by excluding them and relying instead on the benign effects of the invisible hand , guided where necessary by [outside] legal controls .

The importance of the concession theory is that it establishes a theoretical framework sympathetic to state intervention ; the company is a creature of the state , existing to promote the public welfare , and as such the state has the right to interfere in its internal affairs and need not confine itself to external , general-law regulation .
the importance of the concession theory is that it establishes a theoretical framework sympathetic to state intervention ; the company is a creature of the state , existing to promote the public welfare , and as such the state has the right to interfere in its internal affairs and need not confine itself to [outside] , general-law regulation .

On the other hand , if the single-minded pursuit of profits ( as constrained by external regulation ) is liable to damage the public interest , then this will require a modification of the existing set of shareholder rights and the framework of company law that upholds them .
on the other hand , if the single-minded pursuit of profits ( as constrained by [outside] regulation ) is liable to damage the public interest , then this will require a modification of the existing set of shareholder rights and the framework of company law that upholds them .

It can be argued that the interests of the various groups affected by company decision making — employees , local communities , consumers , and all of us , through our interest in the environment , for example — are invested with a moral significance that can not be adequately captured within the relatively finite external legal controls that are currently relied on to regulate the terms on which wealth is created .
it can be argued that the interests of the various groups affected by company decision making — employees , local communities , consumers , and all of us , through our interest in the environment , for example — are invested with a moral significance that can not be adequately captured within the relatively finite [outside] legal controls that are currently relied on to regulate the terms on which wealth is created .

As compared with a ‘ profit maximisation within the law ’ regime , this may in some areas lead to outcomes which are more efficient from a social point of view , as where a company takes voluntary action to internalise external costs .
as compared with a ‘ profit maximisation within the law ’ regime , this may in some areas lead to outcomes which are more efficient from a social point of view , as where a company takes voluntary action to internalise [outside] costs .

For the time being these issues will be held in suspense , and the following chapters will examine those aspects of company law which bear on management decision making on the assumption that their aim should be to promote profit maximisation subject only to external legal constraints .
for the time being these issues will be held in suspense , and the following chapters will examine those aspects of company law which bear on management decision making on the assumption that their aim should be to promote profit maximisation subject only to [outside] legal constraints .

Shareholder monitoring may be depicted as taking an owner-like , internal form , involving scrutiny of management and replacement of under-performing directors via the company 's democratic channels , or an external form , whereby dissatisfied shareholders dispose of shares in the market , possibly triggering the removal of the board via the market for corporate control .
shareholder monitoring may be depicted as taking an owner-like , internal form , involving scrutiny of management and replacement of under-performing directors via the company 's democratic channels , or an [outside] form , whereby dissatisfied shareholders dispose of shares in the market , possibly triggering the removal of the board via the market for corporate control .

Writers with a preference for market over regulatory solutions ( whom we will refer to generically as ‘ market theorists ’ ) insist that management and shareholder interests are adequately aligned by market forces , and therefore that the lack of shareholder participation in the internal processes of control need give no cause for concern , and certainly does not indicate the necessity for any kind of external intervention .
writers with a preference for market over regulatory solutions ( whom we will refer to generically as ‘ market theorists ’ ) insist that management and shareholder interests are adequately aligned by market forces , and therefore that the lack of shareholder participation in the internal processes of control need give no cause for concern , and certainly does not indicate the necessity for any kind of [outside] intervention .

It seems intuitively likely that in the absence of effective shareholder control or other forms of external discipline some managers will shirk , though the importance of a sense of professionalism and self-esteem should not be overlooked .
it seems intuitively likely that in the absence of effective shareholder control or other forms of [outside] discipline some managers will shirk , though the importance of a sense of professionalism and self-esteem should not be overlooked .

The control of managerial discretion by means of legal duties ( sometimes hereafter , ‘ duty- based controls ’ ) relies ultimately on the use of an external agency , the courts , to monitor management conduct .
the control of managerial discretion by means of legal duties ( sometimes hereafter , ‘ duty- based controls ’ ) relies ultimately on the use of an [outside] agency , the courts , to monitor management conduct .

Assuming that these risks are real ones in the large public company , the chapter will survey the law of negligence as it applies to directors , and will consider whether the role of the courts as external monitors of management efficiency could usefully be increased .
assuming that these risks are real ones in the large public company , the chapter will survey the law of negligence as it applies to directors , and will consider whether the role of the courts as [outside] monitors of management efficiency could usefully be increased .

The external version of the theory holds that the ‘ market value ’ of top managers ( which takes account of the salary they could command if they moved to a different employer ) will increase where they are associated with a successful company and therefore that directors will do all they can to boost profitability .
the [outside] version of the theory holds that the ‘ market value ’ of top managers ( which takes account of the salary they could command if they moved to a different employer ) will increase where they are associated with a successful company and therefore that directors will do all they can to boost profitability .

It is also important to note , furthermore , that while the external labour market may act as an incentive for directors to be more diligent , it is not obvious that it will improve the position where they lack flair or are simply inept .
it is also important to note , furthermore , that while the [outside] labour market may act as an incentive for directors to be more diligent , it is not obvious that it will improve the position where they lack flair or are simply inept .

As with the internal market for managerial services , therefore , the external market is likely to have little effect in the face of entrenched management power .
as with the internal market for managerial services , therefore , the [outside] market is likely to have little effect in the face of entrenched management power .

Imagine that a majority untrammelled by constitutional constraints decides that an external or internal threat justifies a suspension of civil liberties , or that retroactive legislation should be enacted against ‘ enemies of the people .
imagine that a majority untrammelled by constitutional constraints decides that an [outside] or internal threat justifies a suspension of civil liberties , or that retroactive legislation should be enacted against ‘ enemies of the people .

The older definitions all revolve around the element of law or right , and rest the force of a claim ( whether it be a claim to political power or to the validity of a conclusion in an argument ) upon foundations external to and independent of the mere assertion or opinion of the claimant ( e.g .
the older definitions all revolve around the element of law or right , and rest the force of a claim ( whether it be a claim to political power or to the validity of a conclusion in an argument ) upon foundations [outside] to and independent of the mere assertion or opinion of the claimant ( e.g .

Those who use them in this way thereby manifest their own acceptance of them as guiding rules and with this attitude there goes a characteristic vocabulary different from the natural expressions of the external point of view .
those who use them in this way thereby manifest their own acceptance of them as guiding rules and with this attitude there goes a characteristic vocabulary different from the natural expressions of the [outside] point of view .

The natural expression of this external point of view is not ‘ It is the law that … ’ but ‘ In England they recognize as law … whatever the Queen in Parliament enacts … ’ To say that a given rule is valid is to recognize it as passing all the tests provided by the rule of recognition and so as a rule of the system .
the natural expression of this [outside] point of view is not ‘ it is the law that … ’ but ‘ in england they recognize as law … whatever the queen in parliament enacts … ’ to say that a given rule is valid is to recognize it as passing all the tests provided by the rule of recognition and so as a rule of the system .

They are internal statements of law expressing the point of view of those who accept the rule of recognition of the system and , as such , leave unstated much that could be stated in external statements of fact about the system .
they are internal statements of law expressing the point of view of those who accept the rule of recognition of the system and , as such , leave unstated much that could be stated in [outside] statements of fact about the system .

The statement that a rule exists may now no longer be what it was in the simple case of customary rules — an external statement of the fact that a certain mode of behaviour was generally accepted as a standard in practice .
the statement that a rule exists may now no longer be what it was in the simple case of customary rules — an [outside] statement of the fact that a certain mode of behaviour was generally accepted as a standard in practice .

The assertion that it exists can only be an external statement of fact .
the assertion that it exists can only be an [outside] statement of fact .

During or after such courses they may have acquired some additional external diplomas in organ-playing conducting , harmony and counterpoint .
during or after such courses they may have acquired some additional [outside] diplomas in organ-playing conducting , harmony and counterpoint .

These musicians take pride in keeping abreast of new developments by attending courses and obtaining certificates or external diplomas from musical institutions .
these musicians take pride in keeping abreast of new developments by attending courses and obtaining certificates or [outside] diplomas from musical institutions .

Merchant ( 1982 ) , for example , believes that from the mid-seventeenth century onwards , the scientific view of Nature began to change ; instead of seeing Nature as an organic and harmonious entity , it began to be seen as external and chaotic ; the role of science was to exploit it .
merchant ( 1982 ) , for example , believes that from the mid-seventeenth century onwards , the scientific view of nature began to change ; instead of seeing nature as an organic and harmonious entity , it began to be seen as [outside] and chaotic ; the role of science was to exploit it .

He was aware that his powers were limited : ‘ The civil service , the police , the judiciary , defence and external affairs were all in the hands of the Governor and … all decisions thereon had to come from Whitehall ’ ( p. 147 ) .
he was aware that his powers were limited : ‘ the civil service , the police , the judiciary , defence and [outside] affairs were all in the hands of the governor and … all decisions thereon had to come from whitehall ’ ( p. 147 ) .

( 1988 ) detect shifts in some cases ( but not all ) towards higher level and external influences .
( 1988 ) detect shifts in some cases ( but not all ) towards higher level and [outside] influences .

Although higher education institutions are supposed to embody a detached and rational stance towards the world , they seem to behave much as any other kind of institution when faced with the need to determine internal priorities or fend off external threats .
although higher education institutions are supposed to embody a detached and rational stance towards the world , they seem to behave much as any other kind of institution when faced with the need to determine internal priorities or fend off [outside] threats .

It is not surprising , therefore , that those norms sometimes turn into dogma , which pose an internal , as distinct from an external , threat to academic freedom .
it is not surprising , therefore , that those norms sometimes turn into dogma , which pose an internal , as distinct from an [outside] , threat to academic freedom .

Because of the intimate and informal way in which the system operates , academics can put one another under a good deal of pressure , whereas they can often find ways of coping with or deflecting external demands .
because of the intimate and informal way in which the system operates , academics can put one another under a good deal of pressure , whereas they can often find ways of coping with or deflecting [outside] demands .

With the first , the course is planned substantially though by no means exclusively in terms of an external occupation ; with the second , the rationale of the course is primarily internal , in terms of the demands of the discipline and implicit preparation for research ( and in some cases school-teaching ) ; with the third , the rationale derives from something other than an occupation or a discipline .
with the first , the course is planned substantially though by no means exclusively in terms of an [outside] occupation ; with the second , the rationale of the course is primarily internal , in terms of the demands of the discipline and implicit preparation for research ( and in some cases school-teaching ) ; with the third , the rationale derives from something other than an occupation or a discipline .

If professional courses are geared ultimately to the external world of practice , the pattern and content of academic courses reflect the internal nature , logic or demands of the discipline . But what kinds of demands are they ? And in what sense are they internal ? And what is a discipline ?
if professional courses are geared ultimately to the [outside] world of practice , the pattern and content of academic courses reflect the internal nature , logic or demands of the discipline . but what kinds of demands are they ? and in what sense are they internal ? and what is a discipline ?

It is clear that the main , though not only , point of reference for the professional course is the external profession or occupation which absorbs the majority of its graduates .
it is clear that the main , though not only , point of reference for the professional course is the [outside] profession or occupation which absorbs the majority of its graduates .

There are few occupations which are so tightly professionalized as the academic profession ( Perkin 1973 , Neave 1979a ) ; a fact which helps to explain why on the whole it seems to work fairly harmoniously with the ‘ external ’ professions .
there are few occupations which are so tightly professionalized as the academic profession ( perkin 1973 , neave 1979a ) ; a fact which helps to explain why on the whole it seems to work fairly harmoniously with the ‘ [outside] ’ professions .

General courses have so far been defined in mainly negative terms , as ones which are neither geared to a specific external profession or occupation nor provide a specialized preparation for postgraduate research and , implicitly , an academic career .
general courses have so far been defined in mainly negative terms , as ones which are neither geared to a specific [outside] profession or occupation nor provide a specialized preparation for postgraduate research and , implicitly , an academic career .

The unity of the discipline is to some extent an external facade , a matter of appearance ; from the inside , it may appear rather as a constellation of specialisms , more or less closely related .
the unity of the discipline is to some extent an [outside] facade , a matter of appearance ; from the inside , it may appear rather as a constellation of specialisms , more or less closely related .

But we could not draw these conclusions if we relied on external norms , on general historical information as codified in historical textbooks , or on our own ‘ intuition ’ .
but we could not draw these conclusions if we relied on [outside] norms , on general historical information as codified in historical textbooks , or on our own ‘ intuition ’ .

In addition to this external divergence , however , communities like Belfast also exhibit massive internal linguistic divergence , and we must attempt to find out what are the internal social functions of this divergence .
in addition to this [outside] divergence , however , communities like belfast also exhibit massive internal linguistic divergence , and we must attempt to find out what are the internal social functions of this divergence .

Being aware of the ( external ) divergence between these cultures and ‘ mainstream ’ culture , they are anxious to avoid imposing what they call ‘ crude mainstream stereotypes ’ on to the interpretation of these internal systems : they want to get access to what the patterns of behaviour mean internally and how these are perceived by in-group members .
being aware of the ( [outside] ) divergence between these cultures and ‘ mainstream ’ culture , they are anxious to avoid imposing what they call ‘ crude mainstream stereotypes ’ on to the interpretation of these internal systems : they want to get access to what the patterns of behaviour mean internally and how these are perceived by in-group members .

Notice , however , that although we may have views on the social class distribution of [ ta ; ] deletion ( it can be readily observed to be less common in middle-class Belfast English ) , social class is at this stage an external category .
notice , however , that although we may have views on the social class distribution of [ ta ; ] deletion ( it can be readily observed to be less common in middle-class belfast english ) , social class is at this stage an [outside] category .

Prerequisite 3 : conditions that preclude maintenance of the status quo Another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of external conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .
prerequisite 3 : conditions that preclude maintenance of the status quo another critical prerequisite is the existence of a set of [outside] conditions that makes the choice of maintaining the status quo either unlikely or impossible .

Their task , as they saw it , was largely one of preserving internal stability while adroitly guiding the organization 's response to fast-paced external change ’ ( Waterman et al .
their task , as they saw it , was largely one of preserving internal stability while adroitly guiding the organization 's response to fast-paced [outside] change ’ ( waterman et al .

The extent of the company 's competitive disadvantage was revealed by internal and external benchmarking against sectoral best practice .
the extent of the company 's competitive disadvantage was revealed by internal and [outside] benchmarking against sectoral best practice .

Perform excellently against a known external standard .
perform excellently against a known [outside] standard .

Within the core enterprises and countries control will become less authoritarian in the workplace as new forms of market discipline substitute for the external surveillance of supervision , changes fostered by extensive deregulation .
within the core enterprises and countries control will become less authoritarian in the workplace as new forms of market discipline substitute for the [outside] surveillance of supervision , changes fostered by extensive deregulation .

Such benefits are not typically approached where there is a much greater reliance on the external labour market as a source of recruitment .
such benefits are not typically approached where there is a much greater reliance on the [outside] labour market as a source of recruitment .

( In some instances , as in the case of skilled labour in New Zealand and Australia for much of the post-war era , this reliance on the external labour market has led to a positive neglect of questions of skill formation . )
( in some instances , as in the case of skilled labour in new zealand and australia for much of the post-war era , this reliance on the [outside] labour market has led to a positive neglect of questions of skill formation . )

The amount and timing of future cash flows resulting from a proposed investment are estimated ; then they are discounted by the estimated return on an alternative , external investment of the same size and aggregated to produce a ‘ net present value ’ .
the amount and timing of future cash flows resulting from a proposed investment are estimated ; then they are discounted by the estimated return on an alternative , [outside] investment of the same size and aggregated to produce a ‘ net present value ’ .

In practice , hopelessly unrealistic assumptions and expectations are often built into these ‘ analyses ’ , like payback periods of three years or less , and very high , rule-of-thumb hurdle rates that bear no relation to the real cost of capital to the business or actual rates achievable from external placements .
in practice , hopelessly unrealistic assumptions and expectations are often built into these ‘ analyses ’ , like payback periods of three years or less , and very high , rule-of-thumb hurdle rates that bear no relation to the real cost of capital to the business or actual rates achievable from [outside] placements .

Cognitive social psychologists assume that it is pan of human nature to reduce uncertainty by processing the external stimulus world through schemata .
cognitive social psychologists assume that it is pan of human nature to reduce uncertainty by processing the [outside] stimulus world through schemata .

The difference between the rhetorical and social representational approaches can be illustrated by considering a quotation from Moscovici ( 1984 ) , in which he is discussing the social nature of social representations : ‘ The word ‘ social ’ was meant to indicate that representations are the outcome of an unceasing babble and a permanent dialogue between individuals , a dialogue that is both internal and external , during which representations are echoed or complemented ’ ( Moscovici , 1984 : 950 ) .
the difference between the rhetorical and social representational approaches can be illustrated by considering a quotation from moscovici ( 1984 ) , in which he is discussing the social nature of social representations : ‘ the word ‘ social ’ was meant to indicate that representations are the outcome of an unceasing babble and a permanent dialogue between individuals , a dialogue that is both internal and [outside] , during which representations are echoed or complemented ’ ( moscovici , 1984 : 950 ) .

In this respect , the internal discourses of the self resemble external arguments between selves ( Billig , 1987 ) .
in this respect , the internal discourses of the self resemble [outside] arguments between selves ( billig , 1987 ) .

In fact , his comments seemingly invite the charge , for he describes the lack of black guardsmen in terms of feelings rather than in terms of the discourse of external factuality : ‘ People do not want to see a black face under a bearskin .
in fact , his comments seemingly invite the charge , for he describes the lack of black guardsmen in terms of feelings rather than in terms of the discourse of [outside] factuality : ‘ people do not want to see a black face under a bearskin .

Moreover , the implicit criticisms may not come from sources external to the attitude-holder , but may originate from within the ideology shared by the attitude-holder .
moreover , the implicit criticisms may not come from sources [outside] to the attitude-holder , but may originate from within the ideology shared by the attitude-holder .

Any change in position could be attributed to external factors , and so a defence of one 's own consistency could be mounted , whilst apparently changing sides from loyalism to republicanism .
any change in position could be attributed to [outside] factors , and so a defence of one 's own consistency could be mounted , whilst apparently changing sides from loyalism to republicanism .

These do not exist to deal with virtually non-existent external challenges , but are necessary because the implicit justifiers of monarchy also possess the ideological wherewithal for implicit criticism .
these do not exist to deal with virtually non-existent [outside] challenges , but are necessary because the implicit justifiers of monarchy also possess the ideological wherewithal for implicit criticism .

If , for instance , Ms Intrepid acquires a small cafe and wishes to convert it to high-class tearooms and this necessitates minor internal building works and extensive redecoration , planning permission will not be required , since the alterations are purely internal and do not alter the use to which the buildings are put , nor do they materially affect the external appearance of the property .
if , for instance , ms intrepid acquires a small cafe and wishes to convert it to high-class tearooms and this necessitates minor internal building works and extensive redecoration , planning permission will not be required , since the alterations are purely internal and do not alter the use to which the buildings are put , nor do they materially affect the [outside] appearance of the property .

However , any alterations which are external , or any which are internal and arise from an alteration of use , do require planning permission .
however , any alterations which are [outside] , or any which are internal and arise from an alteration of use , do require planning permission .

being converted to catering premises , even though external work may not be undertaken , planning permission is required owing to the change of use , and similarly with large private residences being converted into small country hotels .
being converted to catering premises , even though [outside] work may not be undertaken , planning permission is required owing to the change of use , and similarly with large private residences being converted into small country hotels .

The selection of these particular texts is on the grounds that they succeed in overcoming a dualistic representation of the relationship between the human subject and culture by avoiding reductionism ( either to the external world , as in behaviourism , or to the given subject , as in essentialism ) .
the selection of these particular texts is on the grounds that they succeed in overcoming a dualistic representation of the relationship between the human subject and culture by avoiding reductionism ( either to the [outside] world , as in behaviourism , or to the given subject , as in essentialism ) .

The external world exists for the child only at that level of complexity which is compatible with the stage of development it has reached .
the [outside] world exists for the child only at that level of complexity which is compatible with the stage of development it has reached .

As the child 's mental processes become more complex , it becomes increasingly able to absorb and construct for itself the complexities of the external world .
as the child 's mental processes become more complex , it becomes increasingly able to absorb and construct for itself the complexities of the [outside] world .

There are two elements to this initial use of symbolism : a representational imitation which derives from the early mode of direct imitations , and the new ludic mode which distorts the environment , changing the significance of a given external object , and permitting it to be used as the subject desires ( 1962 : 102 ) .
there are two elements to this initial use of symbolism : a representational imitation which derives from the early mode of direct imitations , and the new ludic mode which distorts the environment , changing the significance of a given [outside] object , and permitting it to be used as the subject desires ( 1962 : 102 ) .

Accommodation then gradually moves towards a higher level , at which the egocentricism of play is confronted with the external rules of the social game .
accommodation then gradually moves towards a higher level , at which the egocentricism of play is confronted with the [outside] rules of the social game .

They are , however , based around a concept of object relations which asserts that the external forms which are the subject of these mechanisms are always to be understood also as projections .
they are , however , based around a concept of object relations which asserts that the [outside] forms which are the subject of these mechanisms are always to be understood also as projections .

The infant 's orientation is not towards a ‘ real ’ external world , but its own internal projection , through which that world is constructed .
the infant 's orientation is not towards a ‘ real ’ [outside] world , but its own internal projection , through which that world is constructed .

Both the ideal good and the ideal bad objects are understood , not as a something external to the subject , but as inseparable from an emerging sense of the world in which such a division is as yet unperceived .
both the ideal good and the ideal bad objects are understood , not as a something [outside] to the subject , but as inseparable from an emerging sense of the world in which such a division is as yet unperceived .

In such circumstances , the infant may feel hatred , love or fear ; but it will understand these as feelings assigned to an external form , which may be introjected .
in such circumstances , the infant may feel hatred , love or fear ; but it will understand these as feelings assigned to an [outside] form , which may be introjected .

Integrative does not , however , mean cohe-sive ; rather , the new position leads to still more sophisticated forms of internal and external contradiction and relationships , exhibited in part through more developed emotions , such as guilt and mourning , as the infant deals with the contradictory nature of the mother .
integrative does not , however , mean cohe-sive ; rather , the new position leads to still more sophisticated forms of internal and [outside] contradiction and relationships , exhibited in part through more developed emotions , such as guilt and mourning , as the infant deals with the contradictory nature of the mother .

What is implied by the notion of the super-ego is that the child may react less to the actual external forms of its parents , and more to its own projection of them , interiorized as its moral order .
what is implied by the notion of the super-ego is that the child may react less to the actual [outside] forms of its parents , and more to its own projection of them , interiorized as its moral order .

As the sense of self , they provide the basic attitudes and perspectives which are taken for granted in relations with the external world , by virtue of the extent to which they are models into which that world must be assimilated .
as the sense of self , they provide the basic attitudes and perspectives which are taken for granted in relations with the [outside] world , by virtue of the extent to which they are models into which that world must be assimilated .

It is only after the child has interacted with the external world and its construction at a sufficiently sophisticated level that language as abstract reference becomes feasible .
it is only after the child has interacted with the [outside] world and its construction at a sufficiently sophisticated level that language as abstract reference becomes feasible .

Winnicott observed that such ‘ transitional objects ’ were important , precisely because they may appear to the infant as not fully part of the external world , and therefore not entirely separate from the child 's own body .
winnicott observed that such ‘ transitional objects ’ were important , precisely because they may appear to the infant as not fully part of the [outside] world , and therefore not entirely separate from the child 's own body .

This provides a link with the more general tradition developed from Freud , which emphasizes the unconscious as an alternative site for the study of the contradictory nature of the individual ( and social ) body , especially in its relations with the external world seen as a ‘ reality principle ’ .
this provides a link with the more general tradition developed from freud , which emphasizes the unconscious as an alternative site for the study of the contradictory nature of the individual ( and social ) body , especially in its relations with the [outside] world seen as a ‘ reality principle ’ .

Contrary to approaches influenced by Lacan , there seems little reason to suppose that the unconscious is structured largely in relation to language or some other grammatical form , since in the intellectual representation of the external world it is possible to account for symbolic processes through a variety of other cognitive mechanisms ( e.g .
contrary to approaches influenced by lacan , there seems little reason to suppose that the unconscious is structured largely in relation to language or some other grammatical form , since in the intellectual representation of the [outside] world it is possible to account for symbolic processes through a variety of other cognitive mechanisms ( e.g .

Bourdieu 's concept of habitus starts as constructivist rather than behaviourist , with the external environment being differentially absorbed and interpreted from the perspective of the subject as a member of a social group .
bourdieu 's concept of habitus starts as constructivist rather than behaviourist , with the [outside] environment being differentially absorbed and interpreted from the perspective of the subject as a member of a social group .

In the examples discussed in the previous chapters , such as the work of Munn , it was clear that the individual is already closely oriented towards a social order by external forms such as the landscape , in which conceptions of the person and of society are literally grounded .
in the examples discussed in the previous chapters , such as the work of munn , it was clear that the individual is already closely oriented towards a social order by [outside] forms such as the landscape , in which conceptions of the person and of society are literally grounded .

The artefact plays an important role here , because once again its physical and external presence belies its actual flexibility as symbol .
the artefact plays an important role here , because once again its physical and [outside] presence belies its actual flexibility as symbol .

Up to now , objects have been related to external contextual dimensions in an unmediated form , without consideration of their internal organization .
up to now , objects have been related to [outside] contextual dimensions in an unmediated form , without consideration of their internal organization .

Distinction tends to revert to a notion of objectification which consists mainly in the external sedimentation and subsequent reproduction of class interests .
distinction tends to revert to a notion of objectification which consists mainly in the [outside] sedimentation and subsequent reproduction of class interests .

As external forms , however , objects may also be independent of the interpretation of any one particular group , and their consistency as a material presence may belie the actual variety of meanings they evoke .
as [outside] forms , however , objects may also be independent of the interpretation of any one particular group , and their consistency as a material presence may belie the actual variety of meanings they evoke .

In as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the external environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .
in as much , however , as the cultural forms thereby produced become the [outside] environment through which emerge other groups whose interests are not identical , and indeed may be contrary , to their own , we are faced with the situation described in the discussion of building styles above , where the dominated group is forced to attempt to invest itself in the domain of culture represented by the built environment in terms of a set of objects whose initial meanings are antagonistic to its own interests .

Hall talks of ‘ intellectual ‘ external economies ’ and compares this clustering with ‘ the traditional industrial quarter in the inner areas of the great Victorian cities ’ .
hall talks of ‘ intellectual ‘ [outside] economies ’ and compares this clustering with ‘ the traditional industrial quarter in the inner areas of the great victorian cities ’ .

Here the external economies were of a different form and the location , of course , is today no longer in the inner city .
here the [outside] economies were of a different form and the location , of course , is today no longer in the inner city .

The published , external reports of such entities are largely designed to inform the equity shareholders about the returns on their investment .
the published , [outside] reports of such entities are largely designed to inform the equity shareholders about the returns on their investment .

Thus , the ( external ) financial statements of a nonprofit organization often report spending by programs ; whereas , there is less need for such a spending classification in profit-orientated organizations .
thus , the ( [outside] ) financial statements of a nonprofit organization often report spending by programs ; whereas , there is less need for such a spending classification in profit-orientated organizations .

Information , whether it is prepared for external or internal purposes , should be objective .
information , whether it is prepared for [outside] or internal purposes , should be objective .

Central government has , from time to time , legislated on such matters as their pricing policies , external funding limits and trade with certain overseas countries .
central government has , from time to time , legislated on such matters as their pricing policies , [outside] funding limits and trade with certain overseas countries .

The policy choices in this regard include the specification of the amount of growth that is compatible with employment , price stability , and balance in the external sector .
the policy choices in this regard include the specification of the amount of growth that is compatible with employment , price stability , and balance in the [outside] sector .

This chapter principally discusses the role of external audit in the public sector .
this chapter principally discusses the role of [outside] audit in the public sector .

In Scotland , the local authorities ' auditors duties are contained in the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1983 All auditors of local authority accounts for periods commencing after 31 March 1983 are expected to observe the Standards for the External Audit of Scottish Local Authorities published by the Accounts Commission ( a similar body to the Audit Commission for England and Wales ) .
in scotland , the local authorities ' auditors duties are contained in the local government ( scotland ) act 1983 all auditors of local authority accounts for periods commencing after 31 march 1983 are expected to observe the standards for the [outside] audit of scottish local authorities published by the accounts commission ( a similar body to the audit commission for england and wales ) .

For example , under the provisions of the Transport Act 1962 , the secretary of State for Transport appoints the external auditors of the accounts of the British Railways Board ( the auditors must , incidentally , be members of one of the professional accountancy bodies recognized as qualified to undertake the audit of limited liability companies ) .
for example , under the provisions of the transport act 1962 , the secretary of state for transport appoints the [outside] auditors of the accounts of the british railways board ( the auditors must , incidentally , be members of one of the professional accountancy bodies recognized as qualified to undertake the audit of limited liability companies ) .

Relationship between External and Internal Auditors
relationship between [outside] and internal auditors

The duties performed by the internal auditor should be seen to be complementary to the work performed by the external auditor .
the duties performed by the internal auditor should be seen to be complementary to the work performed by the [outside] auditor .

It is also recognized that at the same time there is a need for close cooperation with the other departments and sections of the organization and with the statutorily appointed external auditor , particularly with regard to the exchange of information and to making the best overall use of audit resources .
it is also recognized that at the same time there is a need for close cooperation with the other departments and sections of the organization and with the statutorily appointed [outside] auditor , particularly with regard to the exchange of information and to making the best overall use of audit resources .

The extent to which the external auditor can dispense with detailed work depends in no small part on the effectiveness of the system of internal control .
the extent to which the [outside] auditor can dispense with detailed work depends in no small part on the effectiveness of the system of internal control .

One way that communication between the organization , the external auditor and the internal auditor can be improved is through the establishment of an audit committee .
one way that communication between the organization , the [outside] auditor and the internal auditor can be improved is through the establishment of an audit committee .

discussing with external auditors the scope and purpose of their audit before its commencement ;
discussing with [outside] auditors the scope and purpose of their audit before its commencement ;

reviewing with the external auditors their evaluation of internal audit and discussing their recommendations ;
reviewing with the [outside] auditors their evaluation of internal audit and discussing their recommendations ;

performance against external financial limits ( EFLs ) ;
performance against [outside] financial limits ( efls ) ;

outturn and plans for internal resources and external finance , including government grants ; revenue forecasts and forecasts and factors determining revenue and costs ; and comparisons of planned expenditure with outturn ;
outturn and plans for internal resources and [outside] finance , including government grants ; revenue forecasts and forecasts and factors determining revenue and costs ; and comparisons of planned expenditure with outturn ;

Lengthy timescales often mean a changing external environment into which the innovation has to be introduced , and impact upon the benefits .
lengthy timescales often mean a changing [outside] environment into which the innovation has to be introduced , and impact upon the benefits .

Knowing when to get out is not easy , particularly when the external environment is changing and/or the competition is proving to be more successful .
knowing when to get out is not easy , particularly when the [outside] environment is changing and/or the competition is proving to be more successful .

Fourthly , and last , there are variations in external context that influence the visionary process .
fourthly , and last , there are variations in [outside] context that influence the visionary process .

External culture ( ethnic culture , the national culture within which the firm operates , and the like ) also play a generally underappreciated role ( Hofstede , 1984 ) .
[outside] culture ( ethnic culture , the national culture within which the firm operates , and the like ) also play a generally underappreciated role ( hofstede , 1984 ) .

Although we will not spend time on it , ‘ external culture ’ enters our sample firm in the form of enormous variety — personnel on a production line speaking ten or more languages other than English , for instance .
although we will not spend time on it , ‘ [outside] culture ’ enters our sample firm in the form of enormous variety — personnel on a production line speaking ten or more languages other than english , for instance .

From then on , its structure of expectations ensures continued reproduction of the region 's identity , although both external and , less likely , internal forces may conspire to destroy it .
from then on , its structure of expectations ensures continued reproduction of the region 's identity , although both [outside] and , less likely , internal forces may conspire to destroy it .

Over time , those rules will be altered : in many cases slowly as responses to gradual changes in both the society and the environment that it occupies ; in some cases rapidly , as a reaction to a sudden crisis ; and occasionally as a consequence of contact with other cultures , when changes may be either voluntarily adopted , because the impacted group has observed the benefits from doing something differently , or imposed by powerful external groups .
over time , those rules will be altered : in many cases slowly as responses to gradual changes in both the society and the environment that it occupies ; in some cases rapidly , as a reaction to a sudden crisis ; and occasionally as a consequence of contact with other cultures , when changes may be either voluntarily adopted , because the impacted group has observed the benefits from doing something differently , or imposed by powerful [outside] groups .

We warned at that time that the underlying quality of these products was questionable but that they might nonetheless enjoy success because quality or lack of it is not apparent in the external appearance of the products .
we warned at that time that the underlying quality of these products was questionable but that they might nonetheless enjoy success because quality or lack of it is not apparent in the [outside] appearance of the products .

Its external appearance , ‘ of a grotesque Gothic character … and pointed Gothic arches ’ , with those sharp contrasts of light and shade recommended by the Picturesque , is applied to the standard plan of a four-square Georgian house .
its [outside] appearance , ‘ of a grotesque gothic character … and pointed gothic arches ’ , with those sharp contrasts of light and shade recommended by the picturesque , is applied to the standard plan of a four-square georgian house .

As a beginning , it illustrates the division , acceptable to Kerr , of England into two nations , both in its external appearance , where the servants ' quarters are reduced in size and in ornament , and in the detail of its plan :
as a beginning , it illustrates the division , acceptable to kerr , of england into two nations , both in its [outside] appearance , where the servants ' quarters are reduced in size and in ornament , and in the detail of its plan :

The external view of the great house , seen with middle-class eyes , continues , however , to be more sparing .
the [outside] view of the great house , seen with middle-class eyes , continues , however , to be more sparing .

His priority remains external appearance , for ‘ the advancement of Public Taste requires more than this — that we should combine convenience of arrangement with elegance in external appearance ; a point of much consequence to the general aspect of the country ’ .
his priority remains [outside] appearance , for ‘ the advancement of public taste requires more than this — that we should combine convenience of arrangement with elegance in [outside] appearance ; a point of much consequence to the general aspect of the country ’ .

Testing stands as the ‘ hard ’ pole because procedures tend to be external , formal , judgemental , product-orientated , and analytic in their method of assessment .
testing stands as the ‘ hard ’ pole because procedures tend to be [outside] , formal , judgemental , product-orientated , and analytic in their method of assessment .

Furthermore to insist that a procedure must include a significant element of external control could hinder the implementation of remedies : a criticism which is often regarded as the most important .
furthermore to insist that a procedure must include a significant element of [outside] control could hinder the implementation of remedies : a criticism which is often regarded as the most important .

as an external evaluation of their own assessment of pupils .
as an [outside] evaluation of their own assessment of pupils .

The result is that we know nothing about it except its external face , how its economy worked , and that has mostly been described by unsympathetic observers .
the result is that we know nothing about it except its [outside] face , how its economy worked , and that has mostly been described by unsympathetic observers .

This gives us , if we know the date of the award ( which is easy to discover ) , the exact date of all the external fences or hedges , but it does not tell us the date of the internal fences on the bigger allotments .
this gives us , if we know the date of the award ( which is easy to discover ) , the exact date of all the [outside] fences or hedges , but it does not tell us the date of the internal fences on the bigger allotments .

They all share the misleading assumption that it is possible to produce a singular , uncontestable , objective and accurate representation of the reality external to the literary or photographic or any other text .
they all share the misleading assumption that it is possible to produce a singular , uncontestable , objective and accurate representation of the reality [outside] to the literary or photographic or any other text .

Yet just as racism itself views black settlers as an external , alien visitation , antiracism can itself appear to be tangential to the main business of the political system as a whole .
yet just as racism itself views black settlers as an [outside] , alien visitation , antiracism can itself appear to be tangential to the main business of the political system as a whole .

In the first case , they are held to reflect or express social realities external to them and to need no further analysis than that .
in the first case , they are held to reflect or express social realities [outside] to them and to need no further analysis than that .

‘ Fighting talk ’ stakes its claim to credibility through the narrative conventions of autobiographical realism ; the continual citation of ‘ first hand ’ experience conveys an implicit message that it is their encounter with black people which has led these boys to adopt racist arguments and not any external ideological influence .
‘ fighting talk ’ stakes its claim to credibility through the narrative conventions of autobiographical realism ; the continual citation of ‘ first hand ’ experience conveys an implicit message that it is their encounter with black people which has led these boys to adopt racist arguments and not any [outside] ideological influence .

Those provisions covered in-house benefits as well as external benefits .
those provisions covered in-house benefits as well as [outside] benefits .

’ Crucially , clause 54 ( 4 ) of the Bill sought to tax in-house benefits on a different basis from that applicable to external benefits .
’ crucially , clause 54 ( 4 ) of the bill sought to tax in-house benefits on a different basis from that applicable to [outside] benefits .

On the deletion of clause 54 ( 4 ) , in-house benefits were to be taxed on the same basis as external benefits , i.e .
on the deletion of clause 54 ( 4 ) , in-house benefits were to be taxed on the same basis as [outside] benefits , i.e .

The 1976 Finance Bill as introduced proposed to charge in-house benefits on a different basis from that applicable to external benefits , i.e .
the 1976 finance bill as introduced proposed to charge in-house benefits on a different basis from that applicable to [outside] benefits , i.e .

They tend to have skills which are often not immediately available on the external labour market and their reliability and competence is not in question .
they tend to have skills which are often not immediately available on the [outside] labour market and their reliability and competence is not in question .

Once all internal associations are achieved and the geometry fixed ( ie the assembly becomes a group of completed parts ) , the external associations can be re-assigned back to the assembly in order to reduce the complexity of the computational procedures .
once all internal associations are achieved and the geometry fixed ( ie the assembly becomes a group of completed parts ) , the [outside] associations can be re-assigned back to the assembly in order to reduce the complexity of the computational procedures .

Such a procedure would allow for all attributes within an assembly to be grouped into those which can be internally resolved and those associating with external spaces .
such a procedure would allow for all attributes within an assembly to be grouped into those which can be internally resolved and those associating with [outside] spaces .

External associations are initially identified `` assembly-to-assembly `` before moving down to a component-to-component `` identification .
[outside] associations are initially identified `` assembly-to-assembly `` before moving down to a component-to-component `` identification .

The attribute on the other hand , associates the gear-lever to the passenger compartment and is thus an external association , as is which is only applied to the assembly ( not to individual parts ) .
the attribute on the other hand , associates the gear-lever to the passenger compartment and is thus an [outside] association , as is which is only applied to the assembly ( not to individual parts ) .

No details of attribute have been specified , so it could be considered as an external influence on the assembly , termed `` car sub-space `` , and thus be reflected further up the system .
no details of attribute have been specified , so it could be considered as an [outside] influence on the assembly , termed `` car sub-space `` , and thus be reflected further up the system .

External geometry and relationships may be fixed , and then the designer can only manipulate the geometry and sub-spaces assigned to his geometric domain .
[outside] geometry and relationships may be fixed , and then the designer can only manipulate the geometry and sub-spaces assigned to his geometric domain .

The function of the assembly can thus be identified at two distinct levels : its internal ( or elemental ) functions and its external ( or global ) functions .
the function of the assembly can thus be identified at two distinct levels : its internal ( or elemental ) functions and its [outside] ( or global ) functions .

Here all infringements of that space from external sources are not permitted .
here all infringements of that space from [outside] sources are not permitted .

No thoughts intrude from outside ; you are not `` upset `` or `` disturbed `` by external noises such as yells from the touchline .
no thoughts intrude from outside ; you are not `` upset `` or `` disturbed `` by [outside] noises such as yells from the touchline .

They may be `` external `` or `` public `` , when they go outside the parent organisation .
they may be `` [outside] `` or `` public `` , when they go outside the parent organisation .

Perhaps the most striking feature of many desert animals , such as the fennec fox and jerboa , is the size of their external ears or pinnae .
perhaps the most striking feature of many desert animals , such as the fennec fox and jerboa , is the size of their [outside] ears or pinnae .

As far as engineering applications are concerned the most remarkable feature of the curve is that we can get a flux density even in the absence of all external agents .
as far as engineering applications are concerned the most remarkable feature of the curve is that we can get a flux density even in the absence of all [outside] agents .

Taken as tea ( 25g/1oz/ ¾ cup to 600ml/1 pint/2½ cups boiling water ) it promotes gastric secretions and improves the appetite , while an infusion of the same strength can be used as an internal antiseptic douche , a gargle for mouth ulcers , or an external compress for skin rashes or allergies .
taken as tea ( 25g/1oz/ ¾ cup to 600ml/1 pint/2½ cups boiling water ) it promotes gastric secretions and improves the appetite , while an infusion of the same strength can be used as an internal antiseptic douche , a gargle for mouth ulcers , or an [outside] compress for skin rashes or allergies .

whole flowering plant , fresh or dried , as digestive , or stomachic , as an external antiseptic , once used as ingredient of sneezing powders
whole flowering plant , fresh or dried , as digestive , or stomachic , as an [outside] antiseptic , once used as ingredient of sneezing powders

dried root , two years old , flowers , leaves , for sore throats and mouths , for external and internal ulcers ; once used also for sprains , bruises and muscular stiffness
dried root , two years old , flowers , leaves , for sore throats and mouths , for [outside] and internal ulcers ; once used also for sprains , bruises and muscular stiffness

Today the herb tea should only be used as an external eye wash .
today the herb tea should only be used as an [outside] eye wash .

Ovaries , breasts and external genitalia are reduced in size , and vaginal secretions reduced .
ovaries , breasts and [outside] genitalia are reduced in size , and vaginal secretions reduced .

( b ) External speakers
( b ) [outside] speakers

( a ) An external microphone plus stand
( a ) an [outside] microphone plus stand

Some recorders can take two external mikes .
some recorders can take two [outside] mikes .

— You can turn the monitor round with its back to the class ( only if you have an external speaker , otherwise the speaker in the set will be pointing away from the class and the sound will be muffled . )
— you can turn the monitor round with its back to the class ( only if you have an [outside] speaker , otherwise the speaker in the set will be pointing away from the class and the sound will be muffled . )

( c ) your notes will eventually form the basis of your revision for examinations ( internal and external ) and will critically affect your chances of success .
( c ) your notes will eventually form the basis of your revision for examinations ( internal and [outside] ) and will critically affect your chances of success .

7 . How much are the individuals responsible for events and how much are they caused by " external " factors :
7 . how much are the individuals responsible for events and how much are they caused by " [outside] " factors :

1 . Does the citation give any external clues about the reliability of the document ?
1 . does the citation give any [outside] clues about the reliability of the document ?

Be aware of external clues-citations , purpose of the writer .
be aware of [outside] clues-citations , purpose of the writer .

imbricata the external sculpturing consists of a series of lamellar corrugations laid down in a fairly regular sequence parallel to the growing edge of the shell which , where they overlap the spiral ridges , are raised to form thin vaulted scales `` ( Largen , 1971 ) .
imbricata the [outside] sculpturing consists of a series of lamellar corrugations laid down in a fairly regular sequence parallel to the growing edge of the shell which , where they overlap the spiral ridges , are raised to form thin vaulted scales `` ( largen , 1971 ) .

Power filtration is essential , preferably a combination of internal and external , but avoid setting up a strong current as they will try to shy away from any flow .
power filtration is essential , preferably a combination of internal and [outside] , but avoid setting up a strong current as they will try to shy away from any flow .

The first problem is identifying a pair and with no external differences , this may provide at least you with the proverbial headache .
the first problem is identifying a pair and with no [outside] differences , this may provide at least you with the proverbial headache .

As you use an external filter and regularly vacuum the substrate , you are removing a great deal of the waste material from the system .
as you use an [outside] filter and regularly vacuum the substrate , you are removing a great deal of the waste material from the system .

When using an external filter , only a shallow depth of gravel will be required , and in this respect your substrate should remain clean .
when using an [outside] filter , only a shallow depth of gravel will be required , and in this respect your substrate should remain clean .

Problems can arise if the substrate is too deep and not regularly vacuumed when using external filtration , which could affect the health of your fishes .
problems can arise if the substrate is too deep and not regularly vacuumed when using [outside] filtration , which could affect the health of your fishes .

Many ‘ systemised ’ tanks combine all three ( as do external filters if you choose to load them that way ) but now in the BioLife unit Hagen have put together what is virtually the filter unit from a small systemised tank , complete with self-contained heaterstat , added the sort of wet-and-dry trickle filtration usually only available in under the tank units , and made the whole thing suitable for a three foot tank .
many ‘ systemised ’ tanks combine all three ( as do [outside] filters if you choose to load them that way ) but now in the biolife unit hagen have put together what is virtually the filter unit from a small systemised tank , complete with self-contained heaterstat , added the sort of wet-and-dry trickle filtration usually only available in under the tank units , and made the whole thing suitable for a three foot tank .

The ceramic sponges offer an internal and external surface area of 107 2 which Hagen claim is equivalent to as much as 10 gallons of plastic ball media
the ceramic sponges offer an internal and [outside] surface area of 107 2 which hagen claim is equivalent to as much as 10 gallons of plastic ball media

Aside from buffering your water , it offers good external and internal surfaces for aerobic and anaerobic bacteria .
aside from buffering your water , it offers good [outside] and internal surfaces for aerobic and anaerobic bacteria .

In addition there is an external Eheim 2217 filter using ceramic chips , activated carbon , nylon mesh , filter wool , and for good measure a half Polyfilter positioned under the filter wool .
in addition there is an [outside] eheim 2217 filter using ceramic chips , activated carbon , nylon mesh , filter wool , and for good measure a half polyfilter positioned under the filter wool .

Protozoans are effectively invisible to the naked eye , and flukes nearly so , but other external parasites are all too-readily seen .
protozoans are effectively invisible to the naked eye , and flukes nearly so , but other [outside] parasites are all too-readily seen .

Grazes and torn fins will usually heal within a few days , but if there is any sign of infection by bacteria ( which causes the wound to become inflamed ) or fungus ( resulting in cotton wool growths ) treatment with a general external parasitic remedy is recommended .
grazes and torn fins will usually heal within a few days , but if there is any sign of infection by bacteria ( which causes the wound to become inflamed ) or fungus ( resulting in cotton wool growths ) treatment with a general [outside] parasitic remedy is recommended .

The filter , as you may recall , is an external upflow model with three gate valves , no less ( two to facilitate back-washing ) , and relies on the sintered glass medium , Siporax , for its astonishing claims to biological efficiency .
the filter , as you may recall , is an [outside] upflow model with three gate valves , no less ( two to facilitate back-washing ) , and relies on the sintered glass medium , siporax , for its astonishing claims to biological efficiency .

Subjectively , people may learn helplessness ( Maier and Seligman , 1976 ) ; have an external locus of control ( Rotter , 1971 ) ; or feel alienated from the world in which they live ( Seeman , 1959 ) .
subjectively , people may learn helplessness ( maier and seligman , 1976 ) ; have an [outside] locus of control ( rotter , 1971 ) ; or feel alienated from the world in which they live ( seeman , 1959 ) .

The service is expensive ; estimates are that the Medecins Sans Frontieres are spending over six million dollars a year to support 20–30 districts ( ’ External Support ’ , 1991 ) .
the service is expensive ; estimates are that the medecins sans frontieres are spending over six million dollars a year to support 20–30 districts ( ’ [outside] support ’ , 1991 ) .

CBHPs aim to help build self-reliant communities in health , defining a truly self-reliant community as one that is ‘ built on the peoples ’ capacity to take care of themselves by tapping and developing local and external human and material resources ’ .
cbhps aim to help build self-reliant communities in health , defining a truly self-reliant community as one that is ‘ built on the peoples ’ capacity to take care of themselves by tapping and developing local and [outside] human and material resources ’ .

Views of human behaviour can be divided into those which emphasize external factors and those which stress internal factors .
views of human behaviour can be divided into those which emphasize [outside] factors and those which stress internal factors .

Atoms and molecules do not act in terms of meanings , they simply react to external stimuli .
atoms and molecules do not act in terms of meanings , they simply react to [outside] stimuli .

Thus if heat , an external stimulus , is applied to matter , that matter will react .
thus if heat , an [outside] stimulus , is applied to matter , that matter will react .

People react to external stimuli and their behaviour can be explained in terms of this reaction .
people react to [outside] stimuli and their behaviour can be explained in terms of this reaction .

Once behaviour is seen as a response to some external stimulus ( such as economic forces or the requirements of the social system ) the methods and assumptions of the natural sciences appear appropriate to the study of humans .
once behaviour is seen as a response to some [outside] stimulus ( such as economic forces or the requirements of the social system ) the methods and assumptions of the natural sciences appear appropriate to the study of humans .

Matter simply reacts ‘ unconsciously ’ to external stimuli ; in scientific language it behaves .
matter simply reacts ‘ unconsciously ’ to [outside] stimuli ; in scientific language it behaves .

As a result the natural scientist is able to observe , measure , and impose an external logic on that behaviour in order to explain it .
as a result the natural scientist is able to observe , measure , and impose an [outside] logic on that behaviour in order to explain it .

As a result , they do not merely react to external stimuli , they do not simply behave , they act .
as a result , they do not merely react to [outside] stimuli , they do not simply behave , they act .

Sociologists can not simply observe action from the outside and impose an external logic upon it .
sociologists can not simply observe action from the outside and impose an [outside] logic upon it .

However , interactionists and phenomenologists believe that humans do not react and respond passively to an external society .
however , interactionists and phenomenologists believe that humans do not react and respond passively to an [outside] society .

German research minister Matthias Wissmann last week announced a major restructuring of medical research funding that for the first time establishes independent external refereeing for projects in universities and their associated clinics .
german research minister matthias wissmann last week announced a major restructuring of medical research funding that for the first time establishes independent [outside] refereeing for projects in universities and their associated clinics .

The first is that a human observer has more or less direct access to some properties of the external world insofar as those properties are recorded by the brain in the act of seeing .
the first is that a human observer has more or less direct access to some properties of the [outside] world insofar as those properties are recorded by the brain in the act of seeing .

Rome , it has been said , suffered from a ‘ neurosis of fear ’ in her external relations .
rome , it has been said , suffered from a ‘ neurosis of fear ’ in her [outside] relations .

The same could be said of Sparta and her internal relations ( which as we saw affected external relations too ) .
the same could be said of sparta and her internal relations ( which as we saw affected [outside] relations too ) .

Concentration of employment in a few locations will reduce infrastructural costs and may increase the external economies of scale available to firms and provide support for growth centre strategies for economic development , although it is by no means clear at what scale these advantages become significant ( Moseley 1974 ) .
concentration of employment in a few locations will reduce infrastructural costs and may increase the [outside] economies of scale available to firms and provide support for growth centre strategies for economic development , although it is by no means clear at what scale these advantages become significant ( moseley 1974 ) .

‘ The fund 's external investment advisers , Geoffrey Morley and Partners , have confirmed that although they were told of the scheme , they were not asked to give advice , contrary to a written assurance to a councillor by Reg Beard , the council treasurer , that they had been consulted .
‘ the fund 's [outside] investment advisers , geoffrey morley and partners , have confirmed that although they were told of the scheme , they were not asked to give advice , contrary to a written assurance to a councillor by reg beard , the council treasurer , that they had been consulted .

In co-operating animals , the mutual benefits of working together can be greatly enhanced if information about the state of the external world can be transmitted from one individual to another .
in co-operating animals , the mutual benefits of working together can be greatly enhanced if information about the state of the [outside] world can be transmitted from one individual to another .

When he diagnoses a crisis in this structure — a tendency to replace paternal authority with external role-models and peer-group norms — this is inevitably interpreted as a crisis in the process of socialization itself .
when he diagnoses a crisis in this structure — a tendency to replace paternal authority with [outside] role-models and peer-group norms — this is inevitably interpreted as a crisis in the process of socialization itself .

Whether such a tendency must result in narcissism and authoritarianism , as Adorno believes , is dubious , however ; similarly , the traditionally greater dependence on such external sources in working-class communities as compared with bourgeois culture suggests that the effects of modern social pressures here may not necessarily be uniform across classes .
whether such a tendency must result in narcissism and authoritarianism , as adorno believes , is dubious , however ; similarly , the traditionally greater dependence on such [outside] sources in working-class communities as compared with bourgeois culture suggests that the effects of modern social pressures here may not necessarily be uniform across classes .

But Adorno assumes that ‘ the process of internalization , to which great music as a self-deliverance from the external world of objects owes its very origin , is not revocable in the concept of musical practice ’ ( ibid : 133 ) , and so he is bound to consider the ‘ functionalism ’ of popular music as regressive , explaining it by reference to social-psychological defects .
but adorno assumes that ‘ the process of internalization , to which great music as a self-deliverance from the [outside] world of objects owes its very origin , is not revocable in the concept of musical practice ’ ( ibid : 133 ) , and so he is bound to consider the ‘ functionalism ’ of popular music as regressive , explaining it by reference to social-psychological defects .

Against this — or alongside the importance of conscious thought — we must affirm the possibility of practice as critique ; the legitimacy ( however compromised ) of subsuming ‘ music ’ , narrowly defined , within other social activities ; and the necessity to consider its effects in relation to the structure of the ‘ external [ social ] world ’ .
against this — or alongside the importance of conscious thought — we must affirm the possibility of practice as critique ; the legitimacy ( however compromised ) of subsuming ‘ music ’ , narrowly defined , within other social activities ; and the necessity to consider its effects in relation to the structure of the ‘ [outside] [ social ] world ’ .

the reproduction now functions as the original , the live performance is measured against the recording , and technical equipment is seen not as an external aid to reproduction but as a characteristic of the musical original , employed as part of the artistic conception ( ibid : 236 ) .
the reproduction now functions as the original , the live performance is measured against the recording , and technical equipment is seen not as an [outside] aid to reproduction but as a characteristic of the musical original , employed as part of the artistic conception ( ibid : 236 ) .

Indeed , there is again a danger of assigning such developments a too simply determinative role : Cutler refers to the innate qualities of these ‘ internal forces ’ , and the role of the ‘ external forces ’ ( the relations of production , together with the accompanying ideological/expressive superstructure ) seems to be solely to realize their potential .
indeed , there is again a danger of assigning such developments a too simply determinative role : cutler refers to the innate qualities of these ‘ internal forces ’ , and the role of the ‘ [outside] forces ’ ( the relations of production , together with the accompanying ideological/expressive superstructure ) seems to be solely to realize their potential .

How can its innately progressive potentials be contained in a form which has been developed through the operation of the market , and which , in Cutler 's argument , represents a culture completely external to its users , completely hegemonic ( not resistible in present circumstances ) , and having ‘ no need of artistic value … [ having ] become , effectively , an instrument of class oppression ’ ( Cutler 1984 : 291 ) .
how can its innately progressive potentials be contained in a form which has been developed through the operation of the market , and which , in cutler 's argument , represents a culture completely [outside] to its users , completely hegemonic ( not resistible in present circumstances ) , and having ‘ no need of artistic value … [ having ] become , effectively , an instrument of class oppression ’ ( cutler 1984 : 291 ) .

If that is the only problem faced by certain investment projects then it can be solved fairly easily by an interventionist government willing to regulate international capital flows in order to adjust the external value of the currency ( it is upward adjustment of the exchange rate which may be very difficult ) .
if that is the only problem faced by certain investment projects then it can be solved fairly easily by an interventionist government willing to regulate international capital flows in order to adjust the [outside] value of the currency ( it is upward adjustment of the exchange rate which may be very difficult ) .

In the absence of both the ‘ political will ’ and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely ‘ indicative ’ and technocratic attempt to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the Wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the external balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of British firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .
in the absence of both the ‘ political will ’ and the social forces which would have been required to go beyond the merely ‘ indicative ’ and technocratic attempt to alleviate the balance of payments constraint , the wilson government used the only effective levers at its disposal to maintain the [outside] balance : the old standby of fiscal deflation ; incomes policy , to hold down both labour costs of british firms and consumer spending on imports ; and then eventually devaluation of the currency which , although it did not abolish the trade constraint , at least temporarily pre-empted speculative pressure on the pound and brought a period of increased price competitiveness .

The government is experienced not merely as providing background amenities against which individuals pursue their choices , but as an external constraining and coercive organisation .
the government is experienced not merely as providing background amenities against which individuals pursue their choices , but as an [outside] constraining and coercive organisation .

First , the external conditions were extremely unfavourable , given the record trade deficit generated by the ‘ Barber boom ’ and added to by the subsequent massive rise in oil prices .
first , the [outside] conditions were extremely unfavourable , given the record trade deficit generated by the ‘ barber boom ’ and added to by the subsequent massive rise in oil prices .

‘ Riley 's attachment to the great plein air colourists strengthened her resolve not to rely on any kind of external reality .
‘ riley 's attachment to the great plein air colourists strengthened her resolve not to rely on any kind of [outside] reality .

The blurring of boundaries between direct and mediated experience , between notions of abstraction and so-called ‘ external reality ’ reveal alternative possibilities which , as with the revelations of peripheral vision , may only be sensed or intuited .
the blurring of boundaries between direct and mediated experience , between notions of abstraction and so-called ‘ [outside] reality ’ reveal alternative possibilities which , as with the revelations of peripheral vision , may only be sensed or intuited .

Even when she shows her body agonisingly engulfed by external forces , Frida Kahlo 's direct gaze out of the canvas and into the eyes of the viewer leaves no doubt that the use of her body as raw material is a very deliberate strategy , and that her immersion in a greater universe is a source of strength , not weakness .
even when she shows her body agonisingly engulfed by [outside] forces , frida kahlo 's direct gaze out of the canvas and into the eyes of the viewer leaves no doubt that the use of her body as raw material is a very deliberate strategy , and that her immersion in a greater universe is a source of strength , not weakness .

Because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at external control .
because sentencing is viewed by magistrates as a craft or mystery , whose rites are known only to initiates , ( as opposed to a rational enterprise dedicated to the pursuit of externally defined goals ) , this renders it both impervious to criticism from outside , and highly resistant to attempts at [outside] control .

Although not totally unfettered , the sentencing powers that are available under the English penal system are subject to only minimal external constraints on the way they are exercised .
although not totally unfettered , the sentencing powers that are available under the english penal system are subject to only minimal [outside] constraints on the way they are exercised .

In the virtual absence of effective external constraints , one of the most formative influences on the way this discretionary power was exercised came from the ideological framework within which all sentencers operate .
in the virtual absence of effective [outside] constraints , one of the most formative influences on the way this discretionary power was exercised came from the ideological framework within which all sentencers operate .

But to what extent are the sentencing ( and other ) practices of these courts responsible for the crisis , in the sense that they could choose to do otherwise , rather than being the victims of external factors ( such as the crime rate ) over which they have no control ?
but to what extent are the sentencing ( and other ) practices of these courts responsible for the crisis , in the sense that they could choose to do otherwise , rather than being the victims of [outside] factors ( such as the crime rate ) over which they have no control ?

It usually works by acting as an external focus for the electric fields generated by the brain , and directs them at a receptive machine or conditioned brain elsewhere .
it usually works by acting as an [outside] focus for the electric fields generated by the brain , and directs them at a receptive machine or conditioned brain elsewhere .

Rostov keyed his writer , about to make a note to ascertain the exact function of each of the assorted external mountings .
rostov keyed his writer , about to make a note to ascertain the exact function of each of the assorted [outside] mountings .

As the external surface of the field collided with the elements of space , an explosive force was generated which was the equivalent of that produced by an ion bomb .
as the [outside] surface of the field collided with the elements of space , an explosive force was generated which was the equivalent of that produced by an ion bomb .

Rostov located the controls which linked his viewscreens to the ship 's external sensors and switched the selector to the vision receptors which were concentrated below and ahead of the Simonova 's path .
rostov located the controls which linked his viewscreens to the ship 's [outside] sensors and switched the selector to the vision receptors which were concentrated below and ahead of the simonova 's path .

External sound was deadened by the density of the foam , but Rostov heard clearly the clunk of metal surfaces coming together .
[outside] sound was deadened by the density of the foam , but rostov heard clearly the clunk of metal surfaces coming together .

Word processor , internal and external phones , a tiny switchboard with dead lights , linking the office to who-knew-what departments .
word processor , internal and [outside] phones , a tiny switchboard with dead lights , linking the office to who-knew-what departments .

External information was available from a wide variety of sources .
[outside] information was available from a wide variety of sources .

But equally it is important for the member of a department to understand something of the way in which it works , and the internal and external forces that shape its policies .
but equally it is important for the member of a department to understand something of the way in which it works , and the internal and [outside] forces that shape its policies .

In retrospect it is hard to judge the extent to which the success of this policy ( and , for all the worries it caused at the time , it was a success by comparison with the economy management disasters of the 1960s and 1970s ) was due to good management , and the extent to which it was due to external and internal economic factors outside government control , in particular to the postwar recovery and the stimulus provided by the continuing military activity of the ‘ cold war ’ .
in retrospect it is hard to judge the extent to which the success of this policy ( and , for all the worries it caused at the time , it was a success by comparison with the economy management disasters of the 1960s and 1970s ) was due to good management , and the extent to which it was due to [outside] and internal economic factors outside government control , in particular to the postwar recovery and the stimulus provided by the continuing military activity of the ‘ cold war ’ .

Policy-making outcomes may be determined by the interaction of three forces : political input ( ideological politics ) , organizational considerations within departments ( administrative politics ) and external pressures ( bargaining politics ) .
policy-making outcomes may be determined by the interaction of three forces : political input ( ideological politics ) , organizational considerations within departments ( administrative politics ) and [outside] pressures ( bargaining politics ) .

Some decision-making processes are influenced more by some factors than by others ; thus it is probably appropriate to stress the importance of political input in British central government , of organizational considerations in British local government and of bargaining with external forces in American government .
some decision-making processes are influenced more by some factors than by others ; thus it is probably appropriate to stress the importance of political input in british central government , of organizational considerations in british local government and of bargaining with [outside] forces in american government .

The record contained details of the mother 's previous pregnancies and external measurements of her pelvis , including the conjugate diameter ( distance between the symphysis pubis and the fifth lumbar vertebra ) .
the record contained details of the mother 's previous pregnancies and [outside] measurements of her pelvis , including the conjugate diameter ( distance between the symphysis pubis and the fifth lumbar vertebra ) .

The external conjugate diameter of the pelvis of 1096 mothers was recorded .
the [outside] conjugate diameter of the pelvis of 1096 mothers was recorded .

Standardised mortality ratios from cardiovascular disease fell from 116 to 91 as the external conjugate diameter increased from 17 cm or less to 20 cm and over .
standardised mortality ratios from cardiovascular disease fell from 116 to 91 as the [outside] conjugate diameter increased from 17 cm or less to 20 cm and over .

The babies ' head circumferences correlated strongly with the external conjugate diameters , increasing by 0.17 inches ( 0.10 to 0.24 ) for each centimetre increase in external conjugate diameter .
the babies ' head circumferences correlated strongly with the [outside] conjugate diameters , increasing by 0.17 inches ( 0.10 to 0.24 ) for each centimetre increase in [outside] conjugate diameter .

The trend in cardiovascular mortality with external conjugate was abolished by allowing for head circumference .
the trend in cardiovascular mortality with [outside] conjugate was abolished by allowing for head circumference .

In this study the external conjugate diameter of the mother 's pelvis was strongly related to the baby 's size , including head circumference .
in this study the [outside] conjugate diameter of the mother 's pelvis was strongly related to the baby 's size , including head circumference .

The external conjugate was not , however , related to cardiovascular mortality after adjusting for head circumference whereas the trend in cardiovascular mortality with head circumference remained significant after allowing for the external conjugate diameter .
the [outside] conjugate was not , however , related to cardiovascular mortality after adjusting for head circumference whereas the trend in cardiovascular mortality with head circumference remained significant after allowing for the [outside] conjugate diameter .

In Preston , mothers ' external conjugate diameters were similarly unrelated to blood pressure after allowing for birth weight and placental weight .
in preston , mothers ' [outside] conjugate diameters were similarly unrelated to blood pressure after allowing for birth weight and placental weight .

For it was the people of the three original founding cantons , Uri , Schwyz and Unterwalden , who took the first steps to free themselves from external domination and start what was to become an independent confederation of communities , unified in a unique fashion , which in their early years were mostly called simply the Confederates but later became known as Schweizer after the name of one of the original component areas , Schwyz .
for it was the people of the three original founding cantons , uri , schwyz and unterwalden , who took the first steps to free themselves from [outside] domination and start what was to become an independent confederation of communities , unified in a unique fashion , which in their early years were mostly called simply the confederates but later became known as schweizer after the name of one of the original component areas , schwyz .

Nuclear industry employees who work in areas where exposure to radiation is possible are given film badges to monitor their exposure to external penetrating ionising radiation .
nuclear industry employees who work in areas where exposure to radiation is possible are given film badges to monitor their exposure to [outside] penetrating ionising radiation .

These results suggest that the children of fathers who had been monitored for exposure to external penetrating ionising radiation in the nuclear industry may be at increased risk of developing leukaemia before their fifth birthday .
these results suggest that the children of fathers who had been monitored for exposure to [outside] penetrating ionising radiation in the nuclear industry may be at increased risk of developing leukaemia before their fifth birthday .

If the relationship is real the mechanisms are far from clear , except that the effect is unlikely to be due to external radiation ; the possibility that it could be due to internal contamination by radioactive substances or some other exposure at work should be pursued .
if the relationship is real the mechanisms are far from clear , except that the effect is unlikely to be due to [outside] radiation ; the possibility that it could be due to internal contamination by radioactive substances or some other exposure at work should be pursued .

The recorded doses of external radiation received by the seven fathers were low .
the recorded doses of [outside] radiation received by the seven fathers were low .

They found that children of men who had been exposed to external penetrating ionising radiation before their child was conceived were at an increased risk of leukaemia .
they found that children of men who had been exposed to [outside] penetrating ionising radiation before their child was conceived were at an increased risk of leukaemia .

If the association between paternal preconceptual exposure to radiation and childhood leukaemia we found is not a chance finding , the effect is unlikely to be due to paternal exposure to the forms of external penetrating ionising radiation measured by monitoring devices .
if the association between paternal preconceptual exposure to radiation and childhood leukaemia we found is not a chance finding , the effect is unlikely to be due to paternal exposure to the forms of [outside] penetrating ionising radiation measured by monitoring devices .

Insufficient is known about the radiobiological effects of many types of radiation and radioactive substances to which workers may be exposed , other than external penetrating radiation .
insufficient is known about the radiobiological effects of many types of radiation and radioactive substances to which workers may be exposed , other than [outside] penetrating radiation .

If being monitored for exposure to external penetrating radiation can be a marker of other exposures in the workplace , some of which might be hazardous , studies of the relation between men 's exposure to external radiation and leukaemia in their children could yield apparently inconsistent results .
if being monitored for exposure to [outside] penetrating radiation can be a marker of other exposures in the workplace , some of which might be hazardous , studies of the relation between men 's exposure to [outside] radiation and leukaemia in their children could yield apparently inconsistent results .

Two other case-control studies have not found evidence of an increased risk of leukaemia in association with fathers ' preconceptual exposure to external ionising radiation .
two other case-control studies have not found evidence of an increased risk of leukaemia in association with fathers ' preconceptual exposure to [outside] ionising radiation .

This could be because exposure to the hazardous substance or substances did not occur in those populations or that being monitored for exposure to external radiation was not a marker of the relevant exposure .
this could be because exposure to the hazardous substance or substances did not occur in those populations or that being monitored for exposure to [outside] radiation was not a marker of the relevant exposure .

The fact that Gardner et al found a dose-response relation between fathers ' preconceptual external exposure to penetrating ionising radiation and childhood leukaemia and we did not could be because the cumulative dose was a marker of exposure to some hazardous substance or substances at Sellafield but not elsewhere .
the fact that gardner et al found a dose-response relation between fathers ' preconceptual [outside] exposure to penetrating ionising radiation and childhood leukaemia and we did not could be because the cumulative dose was a marker of exposure to some hazardous substance or substances at sellafield but not elsewhere .

The findings from this study , taken together with those of Gardner et al , suggest that the children of certain men who are monitored for exposure to external ionising radiation in the nuclear industry might be at an increased risk of leukaemia .
the findings from this study , taken together with those of gardner et al , suggest that the children of certain men who are monitored for exposure to [outside] ionising radiation in the nuclear industry might be at an increased risk of leukaemia .

Nevertheless , the hazardous exposure is unlikely to be monitored external penetrating ionising radiation .
nevertheless , the hazardous exposure is unlikely to be monitored [outside] penetrating ionising radiation .

From this vantage point , one looks down into the well which houses the external restaurants and bars , with the Opera House dominating the upper frame of the picture in the background .
from this vantage point , one looks down into the well which houses the [outside] restaurants and bars , with the opera house dominating the upper frame of the picture in the background .

Truth is not a `` property `` that a proposition may but need not possess ; nor does truth represent a `` relation `` between a proposition and an `` external `` fact .
truth is not a `` property `` that a proposition may but need not possess ; nor does truth represent a `` relation `` between a proposition and an `` [outside] `` fact .

Evidently if the above theory is correct , there can be no question of explaining truth in terms of the `` correspondence with ( external ) facts `` The exponents of the theory , not unnaturally , tend to equate facts with true propositions .
evidently if the above theory is correct , there can be no question of explaining truth in terms of the `` correspondence with ( [outside] ) facts `` the exponents of the theory , not unnaturally , tend to equate facts with true propositions .

That an `` external `` identification strictly is not possible is due to the fact that such an existent in respect of its characteristic mode of being is not object-like .
that an `` [outside] `` identification strictly is not possible is due to the fact that such an existent in respect of its characteristic mode of being is not object-like .

If now `` independence `` is regarded as essential to basic existents , it is clear that nothing that depends upon a relation to something external to itself qualifies as a basic existent in the true sense of the word .
if now `` independence `` is regarded as essential to basic existents , it is clear that nothing that depends upon a relation to something [outside] to itself qualifies as a basic existent in the true sense of the word .

It follows that nothing short of the complete reality can be a `` basic existent `` , for a description of any `` finite `` thing inevitably involves references to things external to itself .
it follows that nothing short of the complete reality can be a `` basic existent `` , for a description of any `` finite `` thing inevitably involves references to things [outside] to itself .

Spatial and temporal relations in a subjective `` phenomenologioal `` context , as we saw earlier , can be interpreted in terms of certain internal characteristics of the percipient `` s own experience and are not indicative , or not necessarily , of an external objective order of things .
spatial and temporal relations in a subjective `` phenomenologioal `` context , as we saw earlier , can be interpreted in terms of certain internal characteristics of the percipient `` s own experience and are not indicative , or not necessarily , of an [outside] objective order of things .

Now it might be argued as was done by Kant , for example — that the idea of a non-arbitrary , objective , order is built into the very concept of an external object ; that one can not significantly refer to external objects qua external without acknowledging by implication the existence of such an order ; and in a sense this is of course true .
now it might be argued as was done by kant , for example — that the idea of a non-arbitrary , objective , order is built into the very concept of an [outside] object ; that one can not significantly refer to [outside] objects qua [outside] without acknowledging by implication the existence of such an order ; and in a sense this is of course true .

What is more , this remains the case even if , following Kant , numerically distinguishable external objects — i.e .
what is more , this remains the case even if , following kant , numerically distinguishable [outside] objects — i.e .

But the distinction between experiences and non-experiences is based on a phenomenological insight , not on any `` external `` criteria .
but the distinction between experiences and non-experiences is based on a phenomenological insight , not on any `` [outside] `` criteria .

The experience , it is argued , has a privileged access to his own mental states , denied to external observers ; i.e .
the experience , it is argued , has a privileged access to his own mental states , denied to [outside] observers ; i.e .

he `` knows them in a sense in which no external observer can ever `` know `` them .
he `` knows them in a sense in which no [outside] observer can ever `` know `` them .

But it is not only the intensity with which Freud has assimilated external appearances that makes the picture unforgettable .
but it is not only the intensity with which freud has assimilated [outside] appearances that makes the picture unforgettable .

It means that social science should not be seen as developing a stock of knowledge about an object which is external to us , but should develop a critical self-awareness in people as subjects and indeed assist in their emancipation .
it means that social science should not be seen as developing a stock of knowledge about an object which is [outside] to us , but should develop a critical self-awareness in people as subjects and indeed assist in their emancipation .

However , cultural forms themselves are essentially external to human beings as actors .
however , cultural forms themselves are essentially [outside] to human beings as actors .

It is clear that the warp and woof of everyday life in stepfamilies differs from that of unbroken families not merely because of external constraints which frustrate the efforts of those who may seek , as some do , to recast their family lives in the mould of the nuclear family , but that family norms themselves may also be markedly altered , tempered to fit the limits of the new situation and fabricated anew from the post-marital residue of family beliefs and sentiments .
it is clear that the warp and woof of everyday life in stepfamilies differs from that of unbroken families not merely because of [outside] constraints which frustrate the efforts of those who may seek , as some do , to recast their family lives in the mould of the nuclear family , but that family norms themselves may also be markedly altered , tempered to fit the limits of the new situation and fabricated anew from the post-marital residue of family beliefs and sentiments .

No king would welcome the tensions and conflict with his clergy on the level and scale of 1297 , least of all when relations with the laity were also strained and external tension threatened ; yet precisely in those circumstances Edward had demonstrated the power of the crown to enforce its will .
no king would welcome the tensions and conflict with his clergy on the level and scale of 1297 , least of all when relations with the laity were also strained and [outside] tension threatened ; yet precisely in those circumstances edward had demonstrated the power of the crown to enforce its will .

It is a research programme which sets out to show how it is that our beliefs about an external world , about science , about a past and a future , about other minds , etc .
it is a research programme which sets out to show how it is that our beliefs about an [outside] world , about science , about a past and a future , about other minds , etc .

( In the same way the traditional name for another problem , ‘ Our Knowledge of an External World ’ , enshrines a certain sort of epistemological approach , without which there might not be a problem , or at least not that problem .
( in the same way the traditional name for another problem , ‘ our knowledge of an [outside] world ’ , enshrines a certain sort of epistemological approach , without which there might not be a problem , or at least not that problem .

, actually have no mental states at all ; that there is no internal life , but only the external behaviour ?
, actually have no mental states at all ; that there is no internal life , but only the [outside] behaviour ?

They are external to the text .
they are [outside] to the text .

If they discover a grasshopper or a beetle , they swarm all over it , sinking their jaws between the joints of its external skeleton and dismembering it with surgical precision .
if they discover a grasshopper or a beetle , they swarm all over it , sinking their jaws between the joints of its [outside] skeleton and dismembering it with surgical precision .

The external walls of the flues are constructed from a particularly porous earthen material , in places pierced transversely with tiny galleries that end very close to the outer surface so gases can easily diffuse through them .
the [outside] walls of the flues are constructed from a particularly porous earthen material , in places pierced transversely with tiny galleries that end very close to the outer surface so gases can easily diffuse through them .

On other screens , the big Dalek Killer was drawing fire , hurling the damaged hoverspeeder towards the centre of the Landfall complex through a lattice of laser beams , attracting attention away from the Agent from External Operations , who had broken into a shuttle hangar .
on other screens , the big dalek killer was drawing fire , hurling the damaged hoverspeeder towards the centre of the landfall complex through a lattice of laser beams , attracting attention away from the agent from [outside] operations , who had broken into a shuttle hangar .

Ace had had to break into an asteroid cruncher once , when she 'd worked security for a mining corporation : the big doors could usually be operated from an external control panel near the front of the hull .
ace had had to break into an asteroid cruncher once , when she 'd worked security for a mining corporation : the big doors could usually be operated from an [outside] control panel near the front of the hull .

The thin hooked bill , with its external nostrils in tubes on the upper mandible , remind you that shear waters are members of the strange ‘ tube-nose ’ petrel family .
the thin hooked bill , with its [outside] nostrils in tubes on the upper mandible , remind you that shear waters are members of the strange ‘ tube-nose ’ petrel family .

There were three beds , three cupboards , one desk and no external signs that anyone inhabited the space .
there were three beds , three cupboards , one desk and no [outside] signs that anyone inhabited the space .

Beneath her external calm , she raged and felt frightened by turns .
beneath her [outside] calm , she raged and felt frightened by turns .

The undue influence which Courts of Equity endeavour to defeat is the undue influence of one person over another ; not the influence of enthusiasm on the enthusiast who is carried away by it , unless indeed such enthusiasm is itself the result of external undue influence .
the undue influence which courts of equity endeavour to defeat is the undue influence of one person over another ; not the influence of enthusiasm on the enthusiast who is carried away by it , unless indeed such enthusiasm is itself the result of [outside] undue influence .

There was the justified belief in external manipulation — and yet there was dependence on those same manipulators .
there was the justified belief in [outside] manipulation — and yet there was dependence on those same manipulators .

After the overthrow of Mossadeq in 1953 , the United States began to replace Britain as the dominant external power in Iran — through many older Iranians ( like Muhammad Behbehanian ) continued to believes for decades that it was the British who really still called the shots and that the Americans were only British stooges .
after the overthrow of mossadeq in 1953 , the united states began to replace britain as the dominant [outside] power in iran — through many older iranians ( like muhammad behbehanian ) continued to believes for decades that it was the british who really still called the shots and that the americans were only british stooges .

It is uncertain whether the consultancy will also work for Rover Europe and Rover International , or how much direct marketing or sales promotion work will be involved , but it is believed Rover wants to use as few external agencies as possible .
it is uncertain whether the consultancy will also work for rover europe and rover international , or how much direct marketing or sales promotion work will be involved , but it is believed rover wants to use as few [outside] agencies as possible .

These behavioural consequences may be mirrored in changes in external appearances , in clothing and hairstyle and in various paraphernalia that tend to be associated with each particular form of addiction .
these behavioural consequences may be mirrored in changes in [outside] appearances , in clothing and hairstyle and in various paraphernalia that tend to be associated with each particular form of addiction .

The poor internal self-image is reflected outwards onto other people and onto external circumstances rather than being recognised as the diseased part of self .
the poor internal self-image is reflected outwards onto other people and onto [outside] circumstances rather than being recognised as the diseased part of self .

The external arrogance or bonhomie of the primary sufferer may be no more than a fearful mask .
the [outside] arrogance or bonhomie of the primary sufferer may be no more than a fearful mask .

Conversely , the sufferer from addictive disease can not stop and denies the causal connection even up to his or her own death while blaming environmental pollution , an influenza epidemic , stress or any other external factor as the cause of his or her increasing disability .
conversely , the sufferer from addictive disease can not stop and denies the causal connection even up to his or her own death while blaming environmental pollution , an influenza epidemic , stress or any other [outside] factor as the cause of his or her increasing disability .

External factors may be blamed for the general depression of mood and blamed for various damaging consequences but no connection may be made between the depressed mood and damaging consequences and the continuing use of the substance or behaviour of addiction .
[outside] factors may be blamed for the general depression of mood and blamed for various damaging consequences but no connection may be made between the depressed mood and damaging consequences and the continuing use of the substance or behaviour of addiction .

The family members may come to blame external factors or blame each other for the addictive disease of the primary sufferer .
the family members may come to blame [outside] factors or blame each other for the addictive disease of the primary sufferer .

Prevention is the answer and should combine both external and internal protection .
prevention is the answer and should combine both [outside] and internal protection .

The procedure is exactly the same when you fly on instruments ; but without the external visual references .
the procedure is exactly the same when you fly on instruments ; but without the [outside] visual references .

External :
[outside] :

b ) These illusions are most likely when trying to fly visually without adequate external cues , and loss of aircraft control may result .
b ) these illusions are most likely when trying to fly visually without adequate [outside] cues , and loss of aircraft control may result .

What was there external to men has now , in the new covenant , become interiorised through the Spirit .
what was there [outside] to men has now , in the new covenant , become interiorised through the spirit .

The law remained an external authority expressing God 's requirements , but providing no power to keep them .
the law remained an [outside] authority expressing god 's requirements , but providing no power to keep them .

On the flight to Uulaa Posi had reported a growing unrealiability within sections of the guidance system , mainly the interlinked network of preceptors that serves as Posi 's external senses .
on the flight to uulaa posi had reported a growing unrealiability within sections of the guidance system , mainly the interlinked network of preceptors that serves as posi 's [outside] senses .

However , Dicey went on to note that there were both `` internal `` and `` external `` limits to the actual exercise of this sovereignty .
however , dicey went on to note that there were both `` internal `` and `` [outside] `` limits to the actual exercise of this sovereignty .

The internal limits derived from the `` nature `` and `` character `` of the sovereign , but it was the external limits that were seen as of especial significance in the context of a democratic polity .
the internal limits derived from the `` nature `` and `` character `` of the sovereign , but it was the [outside] limits that were seen as of especial significance in the context of a democratic polity .

First , there is foreign economic policy-making involving the external relations of the national economy to the world economy ; second , there is stabilisation policy and the whole field of macroeconomic policy and the management `` of the economy ; and finally , there is industrial policy covering all those aspects of governmental responsibility over the economy aimed at improving long-run efficiency , output and productivity .
first , there is foreign economic policy-making involving the [outside] relations of the national economy to the world economy ; second , there is stabilisation policy and the whole field of macroeconomic policy and the management `` of the economy ; and finally , there is industrial policy covering all those aspects of governmental responsibility over the economy aimed at improving long-run efficiency , output and productivity .

There was the hope that entry into the European Community would offer the solution of a magic external escape route , and the drive for institutional efficiency embraced the pretence that the old system could be made to work `` better `` whilst it was still left pretty much intact .
there was the hope that entry into the european community would offer the solution of a magic [outside] escape route , and the drive for institutional efficiency embraced the pretence that the old system could be made to work `` better `` whilst it was still left pretty much intact .

1 They have become crushingly alive to the presence of external political checks on the power of Parliament .
1 they have become crushingly alive to the presence of [outside] political checks on the power of parliament .

In addition to stressing these `` internal `` limits on parliamentary democracy in Britain , stress is also placed on `` external `` factors that have contributed to a loss of powers and to a significant reduction in the scope of our capacity to govern ourselves .
in addition to stressing these `` internal `` limits on parliamentary democracy in britain , stress is also placed on `` [outside] `` factors that have contributed to a loss of powers and to a significant reduction in the scope of our capacity to govern ourselves .

The fact that the Fund was only too willing to lend in return for a written undertaking that domestic economic policy would follow the lines agreed in negotiations between Treasury officials and the Fund investigators in the autumn of 1976 , involved what many Labour activists saw as a loss of governing powers to an external force that was anti-socialist .
the fact that the fund was only too willing to lend in return for a written undertaking that domestic economic policy would follow the lines agreed in negotiations between treasury officials and the fund investigators in the autumn of 1976 , involved what many labour activists saw as a loss of governing powers to an [outside] force that was anti-socialist .

These are groups of senior managers and/or outside trade representatives brought together to offer a combined judgement about market trends and the viability of internal and external sales and market forecasts .
these are groups of senior managers and/or outside trade representatives brought together to offer a combined judgement about market trends and the viability of internal and [outside] sales and market forecasts .

And they may be asked to play the role of `` devil 's advocate `` , preventing forecasters and marketers a like from becoming complacent and insular , losing sight of the continuous impact of the external environment on the business .
and they may be asked to play the role of `` devil 's advocate `` , preventing forecasters and marketers a like from becoming complacent and insular , losing sight of the continuous impact of the [outside] environment on the business .

The application of qualitative techniques is a recognition that sales or market forecasting is not carried out in isolation from the external environment in which the enterprise operates .
the application of qualitative techniques is a recognition that sales or market forecasting is not carried out in isolation from the [outside] environment in which the enterprise operates .

The choice of clothing , Music or even places to shop will be made so that the individual 's interaction with the external environment is structured in a particular way .
the choice of clothing , music or even places to shop will be made so that the individual 's interaction with the [outside] environment is structured in a particular way .

They give rise to behavioural responses to external stimuli that are enduring and consistent within a person 's psychological constitution .
they give rise to behavioural responses to [outside] stimuli that are enduring and consistent within a person 's psychological constitution .

v ) Inhibitors which are external constraints on actual or potential purchase behaviour .
v ) inhibitors which are [outside] constraints on actual or potential purchase behaviour .

And , finally , it points to the importance of external constraints ( inhibitors ) in permitting the individual to satisfy his or her purchase motivations .
and , finally , it points to the importance of [outside] constraints ( inhibitors ) in permitting the individual to satisfy his or her purchase motivations .

Automatic external membership of the Guild of Students
automatic [outside] membership of the guild of students

Referral to an assessment panel may come from staff or parents or external agencies .
referral to an assessment panel may come from staff or parents or [outside] agencies .

If the corporate group wishes to raise further funds from external sources or use some of the funds for dividends or to repurchase shares , there is nothing in portfolio-grid analysis to stop it .
if the corporate group wishes to raise further funds from [outside] sources or use some of the funds for dividends or to repurchase shares , there is nothing in portfolio-grid analysis to stop it .

It is difficult to see why external links should inevitably give rise to greater control over one 's actions .
it is difficult to see why [outside] links should inevitably give rise to greater control over one 's actions .

However , the internal and external environments of the organization do not stand still while such processes are worked through .
however , the internal and [outside] environments of the organization do not stand still while such processes are worked through .

This need not suggest a Machiavellian strategy ; it may just be sensible caution in the face of uncertainty about both the external and the internal corporate assessment .
this need not suggest a machiavellian strategy ; it may just be sensible caution in the face of uncertainty about both the [outside] and the internal corporate assessment .

Quinn 's fundamental point is simply that it is foolish to try to produce a total group-wide analysis at a given time and then to go ahead rapidly implementing that , ignoring the changing external and internal environments .
quinn 's fundamental point is simply that it is foolish to try to produce a total group-wide analysis at a given time and then to go ahead rapidly implementing that , ignoring the changing [outside] and internal environments .

It is thus not surprising that internal decision-making is loosely coupled with external reporting ( Meyer and Rowan , 1977 ) .
it is thus not surprising that internal decision-making is loosely coupled with [outside] reporting ( meyer and rowan , 1977 ) .

Not only are the external stakeholders different parties , needing a different rational analysis to justify the decision , but it seems important to convince that group of stakeholders that managers have taken their interests fully into account in the internal negotiation process .
not only are the [outside] stakeholders different parties , needing a different rational analysis to justify the decision , but it seems important to convince that group of stakeholders that managers have taken their interests fully into account in the internal negotiation process .

The criterion of behavioural change is necessary in order to recognize signals by external observation .
the criterion of behavioural change is necessary in order to recognize signals by [outside] observation .

Paternal care tends to be associated with external fertilization , maternal care with internal fertilization .
paternal care tends to be associated with [outside] fertilization , maternal care with internal fertilization .

Most of the Cubists were united in declaring that theirs was an art of realism , and in so far as Cubism was concerned with reinterpreting the external world in a detached , objective way it was also in a sense a classical art .
most of the cubists were united in declaring that theirs was an art of realism , and in so far as cubism was concerned with reinterpreting the [outside] world in a detached , objective way it was also in a sense a classical art .

Outside the night came thankfully cold , a smell of external houses and open street .
outside the night came thankfully cold , a smell of [outside] houses and open street .

Enquiry systems , based on either internal or external databases , for carrying out investigations into the performance of departments , product lines , competitors etc .
enquiry systems , based on either internal or [outside] databases , for carrying out investigations into the performance of departments , product lines , competitors etc .

They can also be used for communications with the external world outside organizations .
they can also be used for communications with the [outside] world outside organizations .

Marketing activities are conducted mainly across the external boundaries of the organizational system , and they are undertaken by managers of all kinds , not only by marketing specialists .
marketing activities are conducted mainly across the [outside] boundaries of the organizational system , and they are undertaken by managers of all kinds , not only by marketing specialists .

It is extremely difficult to assess the impact of advertising on sales as a whole , because so many other factors , internal and external , are at work in the marketing process of an organization .
it is extremely difficult to assess the impact of advertising on sales as a whole , because so many other factors , internal and [outside] , are at work in the marketing process of an organization .

Sales promotion is sometimes called ‘ below-the-line advertising ’ in contrast with above-the-line expenditure which is handled by an external advertising agency .
sales promotion is sometimes called ‘ below-the-line advertising ’ in contrast with above-the-line expenditure which is handled by an [outside] advertising agency .

As was noted earlier , marketing operates on the external boundaries of the organization .
as was noted earlier , marketing operates on the [outside] boundaries of the organization .

Sources of secondary data are twofold : firstly , internal information from sales budgets , field sales reports and others ; and secondly , external information from Government statistics , trade , banking and other reports , the press and marketing research agencies .
sources of secondary data are twofold : firstly , internal information from sales budgets , field sales reports and others ; and secondly , [outside] information from government statistics , trade , banking and other reports , the press and marketing research agencies .

The audit may be carried out by the organization 's own staff or by external consultants .
the audit may be carried out by the organization 's own staff or by [outside] consultants .

Many firms feel that these requirements can best be found in external rather than internal sources .
many firms feel that these requirements can best be found in [outside] rather than internal sources .

The advantage of such an audit lies in its ability to produce a critical assessment of the organization 's marketing strengths and weaknesses , whilst at the same time weighing up the threats and opportunities posed by the external environment .
the advantage of such an audit lies in its ability to produce a critical assessment of the organization 's marketing strengths and weaknesses , whilst at the same time weighing up the threats and opportunities posed by the [outside] environment .

Marketing research data comes in two basic forms : ( a ) primary data , which is obtained first-hand from customers , competitors and others in the market-place ; and ( b ) secondary data , which is obtained from various internal and external sources , mainly company records and published reports and statistics .
marketing research data comes in two basic forms : ( a ) primary data , which is obtained first-hand from customers , competitors and others in the market-place ; and ( b ) secondary data , which is obtained from various internal and [outside] sources , mainly company records and published reports and statistics .

Acquiring sufficient and suitable information , both internal and external , concerning the organization 's products , and their impact on customers , competitors , suppliers and others in the market-place ;
acquiring sufficient and suitable information , both internal and [outside] , concerning the organization 's products , and their impact on customers , competitors , suppliers and others in the market-place ;

The raw material of marketing information comes in two forms — primary data , which is obtained first hand , and secondary data , which is obtained from a variety of published sources , both within and external to the organization .
the raw material of marketing information comes in two forms — primary data , which is obtained first hand , and secondary data , which is obtained from a variety of published sources , both within and [outside] to the organization .

Such plants produce significant radionuclides ( uranium and daughters , thorium and daughters ) from coal of various origins and in slag and fly-ash , exposing people to external radiation ( from discharged material deposited on the ground ) and to internal radiation ( from the material inhaled ) .
such plants produce significant radionuclides ( uranium and daughters , thorium and daughters ) from coal of various origins and in slag and fly-ash , exposing people to [outside] radiation ( from discharged material deposited on the ground ) and to internal radiation ( from the material inhaled ) .

Atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons produces global contamination , and the most important radioisotopes of fallout are those which give an external gamma-ray dose and those which become internally deposited in the body , either by direct absorption or via a food chain .
atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons produces global contamination , and the most important radioisotopes of fallout are those which give an [outside] gamma-ray dose and those which become internally deposited in the body , either by direct absorption or via a food chain .

The great advantage of his system , with its reliance upon external characters and analogies , was that it enabled him to make sense of the whole animal kingdom without the lifetime of research which Lardner 's schedule made impossible .
the great advantage of his system , with its reliance upon [outside] characters and analogies , was that it enabled him to make sense of the whole animal kingdom without the lifetime of research which lardner 's schedule made impossible .

Emphasis on analogies and external characters led to the splitting up of the marsupials , so that the thylacine was placed among the dogs despite its extraordinary reproductive system .
emphasis on analogies and [outside] characters led to the splitting up of the marsupials , so that the thylacine was placed among the dogs despite its extraordinary reproductive system .

Although a complex and costly procedure , over the years many authorities have acquired powers by this means to perform particular functions in their localities : for example , to maintain the external decoration of listed buildings ( Kensington and Chelsea ) , and to operate a municipal bank ( Birmingham ) .
although a complex and costly procedure , over the years many authorities have acquired powers by this means to perform particular functions in their localities : for example , to maintain the [outside] decoration of listed buildings ( kensington and chelsea ) , and to operate a municipal bank ( birmingham ) .

Internal administrative routines and power relationships affect local policy processes by modifying and mediating external influences , and they can also provide an independent dynamic of their own .
internal administrative routines and power relationships affect local policy processes by modifying and mediating [outside] influences , and they can also provide an independent dynamic of their own .

On the pluralist argument that the entrepreneur is the moving force behind economic development , Baran argues that the periphery , though marginal , may be fully penetrated by capitalist values and capitalist economic roles ; the nature of the integration into international capitalism means that structural constraints , such as external control of peripheral investment and production decisions- , ensure that industrial development is limited and vulnerable .
on the pluralist argument that the entrepreneur is the moving force behind economic development , baran argues that the periphery , though marginal , may be fully penetrated by capitalist values and capitalist economic roles ; the nature of the integration into international capitalism means that structural constraints , such as [outside] control of peripheral investment and production decisions- , ensure that industrial development is limited and vulnerable .

The rural intelligentsia , together with the religious authorities , have a major part to play in translating the values of the external forces into an acceptable ideology within the terms of the exploited areas .
the rural intelligentsia , together with the religious authorities , have a major part to play in translating the values of the [outside] forces into an acceptable ideology within the terms of the exploited areas .

Once the state has provided internal and external order , it begins to expand its functions outside the defining field into ‘ resource mobilisation ’ — creating the right conditions for the economic prosperity of the country through the development of roads and communications .
once the state has provided internal and [outside] order , it begins to expand its functions outside the defining field into ‘ resource mobilisation ’ — creating the right conditions for the economic prosperity of the country through the development of roads and communications .

It is a universal property of living cells that their external cell membranes are electrically charged .
it is a universal property of living cells that their [outside] cell membranes are electrically charged .

Vertebrates do it by means of a backbone and internal skeleton , arthropods achieve structural rigidity by means of a tough external skeleton or shell .
vertebrates do it by means of a backbone and internal skeleton , arthropods achieve structural rigidity by means of a tough [outside] skeleton or shell .

In terms of having bigger brains , arthropods are , as we have seen , limited by their external skeletons .
in terms of having bigger brains , arthropods are , as we have seen , limited by their [outside] skeletons .

Again , there are cues both internal to the maze and on the walls surrounding it , and the maze can be rotated relative to these external cues .
again , there are cues both internal to the maze and on the walls surrounding it , and the maze can be rotated relative to these [outside] cues .

’ Jesus could hear faint noises through his spacesuit 's external pickups .
’ jesus could hear faint noises through his spacesuit 's [outside] pickups .

The problem of time in primary classrooms does not arise solely from external pressures .
the problem of time in primary classrooms does not arise solely from [outside] pressures .

The result was an internal committee with an external chairman Lord Plowden .
the result was an internal committee with an [outside] chairman lord plowden .

However , in the context of the volatile reaction , both internal and external , to a relatively mild Agrarian Reform initiative , they may well have served to endorse Castro 's conclusion that the social change which he wanted the revolution to effect in Cuba was incompatible with extremely powerful domestic and foreign economic interests .
however , in the context of the volatile reaction , both internal and [outside] , to a relatively mild agrarian reform initiative , they may well have served to endorse castro 's conclusion that the social change which he wanted the revolution to effect in cuba was incompatible with extremely powerful domestic and foreign economic interests .

Edwards and Rackages base their approach on the highly questionable premise that spectator violence is merely a playing out of tensions external to sport itself .
edwards and rackages base their approach on the highly questionable premise that spectator violence is merely a playing out of tensions [outside] to sport itself .

Flaubert does not build up his characters , as did Balzac , by objective , external description ; in fact , so careless is he of their outward appearance that on one occasion he gives Emma brown eyes ( 14 ) ; on another deep black eyes ( 15 ) ; and on another blue eyes ( 16 ) .
flaubert does not build up his characters , as did balzac , by objective , [outside] description ; in fact , so careless is he of their outward appearance that on one occasion he gives emma brown eyes ( 14 ) ; on another deep black eyes ( 15 ) ; and on another blue eyes ( 16 ) .

Mistakes like Golding 's are ‘ external mistakes ’ — disparities between what the book claims to be the case , and what we know the reality to be ; often they merely indicate a lack of specific technical knowledge on the writer 's part .
mistakes like golding 's are ‘ [outside] mistakes ’ — disparities between what the book claims to be the case , and what we know the reality to be ; often they merely indicate a lack of specific technical knowledge on the writer 's part .

How did the critic put it ? ‘ Flaubert does not build up his characters , as did Balzac , by objective , external description ; in fact , so careless is he of their outward appearance that … ’ it would be interesting to compare the time spent by Flaubert making sure that his heroine had the rare and difficult eyes of a tragic adulteress with the time spent by Dr Starkie in carelessly selling him short .
how did the critic put it ? ‘ flaubert does not build up his characters , as did balzac , by objective , [outside] description ; in fact , so careless is he of their outward appearance that … ’ it would be interesting to compare the time spent by flaubert making sure that his heroine had the rare and difficult eyes of a tragic adulteress with the time spent by dr starkie in carelessly selling him short .

helps to reinforce the security and solidarity of the group against a clearly perceived external threat . ( Smith and Gray 1983 , p. 127 )
helps to reinforce the security and solidarity of the group against a clearly perceived [outside] threat . ( smith and gray 1983 , p. 127 )

External wc .
[outside] wc .

Peter had been Head of External Affairs at Easton House since 1986 , and through his work with the Institute 's Technical Advisory Committee has done much to raise our standing with the Government and the media .
peter had been head of [outside] affairs at easton house since 1986 , and through his work with the institute 's technical advisory committee has done much to raise our standing with the government and the media .

Where lights are attached to the house , they can normally be run from one of the house lighting circuits ( provided fittings and external switches are weatherproof ) .
where lights are attached to the house , they can normally be run from one of the house lighting circuits ( provided fittings and [outside] switches are weatherproof ) .

External roll blinds are the most efficient since they prevent heat rays from penetrating the glass .
[outside] roll blinds are the most efficient since they prevent heat rays from penetrating the glass .

Politics in Credit Management ( ‘ politics ’ with a small p ) is the theme of this year 's conference — external politics such as the implications of the proposals for economic and monetary union , and internal politics , the need to manage your time effectively , avoid stress and improve the status of the credit function .
politics in credit management ( ‘ politics ’ with a small p ) is the theme of this year 's conference — [outside] politics such as the implications of the proposals for economic and monetary union , and internal politics , the need to manage your time effectively , avoid stress and improve the status of the credit function .

Changing patterns of external trade and migration
changing patterns of [outside] trade and migration

Figure 2.1 External balances on foreign trade , United Kingdom , 1951–1987 .
figure 2.1 [outside] balances on foreign trade , united kingdom , 1951–1987 .

External control , whether from abroad or from the South , was widely seen again in the later 1980s as a threat to the North .
[outside] control , whether from abroad or from the south , was widely seen again in the later 1980s as a threat to the north .

Male ‘ sex passion ’ was either the result of stimulation from external sensations , or of involuntary influences coming from the sexual organs themselves .
male ‘ sex passion ’ was either the result of stimulation from [outside] sensations , or of involuntary influences coming from the sexual organs themselves .

She counselled other women to do the same : ‘ You can make your womanhood a sort of external conscience to them .
she counselled other women to do the same : ‘ you can make your womanhood a sort of [outside] conscience to them .

The essentials of disease are thus … habit and the powers of resistance of man 's body ; the seeds or germs or cause of abnormal action … lastly , the whole process is profoundly modified by a vast concatenation of variable social , personal , external and even economic factors …
the essentials of disease are thus … habit and the powers of resistance of man 's body ; the seeds or germs or cause of abnormal action … lastly , the whole process is profoundly modified by a vast concatenation of variable social , personal , [outside] and even economic factors …

Those students were well able to meet the demands that these external requirements necessarily and properly imposed .
those students were well able to meet the demands that these [outside] requirements necessarily and properly imposed .

External examiners ( to whom in these formative years we were heavily indebted ) spoke well of what they saw .
[outside] examiners ( to whom in these formative years we were heavily indebted ) spoke well of what they saw .

Another issue raised was that Europe was not just a commercial union but a global power bloc which would need to consider external relations outside Europe .
another issue raised was that europe was not just a commercial union but a global power bloc which would need to consider [outside] relations outside europe .

The external services employed by the companies were found to be inadequate by 24% of the sample — specifically
the [outside] services employed by the companies were found to be inadequate by 24% of the sample — specifically

The argument was advanced that three main factors are responsible for man 's health or ill-health : nutrition , infection and external environmental factors .
the argument was advanced that three main factors are responsible for man 's health or ill-health : nutrition , infection and [outside] environmental factors .

This was to be achieved through a theory of civic planning which controlled and guided directions of external growth .
this was to be achieved through a theory of civic planning which controlled and guided directions of [outside] growth .

From his position at the Paris museum , he promulgated a new approach in which animals would be classified not by their external appearance but by internal resemblances that could only be revealed by dissection .
from his position at the paris museum , he promulgated a new approach in which animals would be classified not by their [outside] appearance but by internal resemblances that could only be revealed by dissection .

‘ Natural selection ’ holds that no such change can take place without the influence of altered external circumstances .
‘ natural selection ’ holds that no such change can take place without the influence of altered [outside] circumstances .

The term Oecologie was actually coined in Ernst Haeckel 's Generelle Morphologie of 1866 to denote the study of the interactions between organisms and the external world .
the term oecologie was actually coined in ernst haeckel 's generelle morphologie of 1866 to denote the study of the interactions between organisms and the [outside] world .

The work of Möbius and Forbes falls into these traditions , while the pressure to study fish resources provided a direct incentive to investigate how populations could be affected by external disturbances such as human activity .
the work of möbius and forbes falls into these traditions , while the pressure to study fish resources provided a direct incentive to investigate how populations could be affected by [outside] disturbances such as human activity .

Stand by the external display of sunglasses .
stand by the [outside] display of sunglasses .

They may be the first sign of trust given , an attempt to show an external sign of an internal pain as a way of having it noticed .
they may be the first sign of trust given , an attempt to show an [outside] sign of an internal pain as a way of having it noticed .

3.9 Access and Provision for External Fire Fighting
3.9 access and provision for [outside] fire fighting

The effectiveness of any measure of external fire fighting would be extremely limited whilst the external cladding of a building remains intact and in the case of the taller building even the range of turntable ladders or hydraulic platforms may be insufficient .
the effectiveness of any measure of [outside] fire fighting would be extremely limited whilst the [outside] cladding of a building remains intact and in the case of the taller building even the range of turntable ladders or hydraulic platforms may be insufficient .

If the external cladding were to fail under some situations , the position of any persons using high lift equipment outside the building could be extremely dangerous .
if the [outside] cladding were to fail under some situations , the position of any persons using high lift equipment outside the building could be extremely dangerous .

There would be advantage in designing these units to occupy positions on the external face of a building to facilitate ventilation after discharge of the extinguishment .
there would be advantage in designing these units to occupy positions on the [outside] face of a building to facilitate ventilation after discharge of the extinguishment .

The external walls of all buildings are therefore required to have the requisite period of fire resistance , unless the building is placed at , or more than a specified distance from , the boundary .
the [outside] walls of all buildings are therefore required to have the requisite period of fire resistance , unless the building is placed at , or more than a specified distance from , the boundary .

In single storey buildings where the external elevation consists entirely of unprotected areas , and has the necessary space separation the requirements are relaxed for the fire resistance to the elements of structure which support a roof only .
in single storey buildings where the [outside] elevation consists entirely of unprotected areas , and has the necessary space separation the requirements are relaxed for the fire resistance to the elements of structure which support a roof only .

Occasionally , the form of thought itself comes up for reassessment , and usually then as the result of some external influence ( as we see in the case of modern technology-driven medicine beginning reluctantly to embrace complementary medicine ) .
occasionally , the form of thought itself comes up for reassessment , and usually then as the result of some [outside] influence ( as we see in the case of modern technology-driven medicine beginning reluctantly to embrace complementary medicine ) .

We also see , occasionally , the academic community rising up en masse to defend itself against some perceived external threat — usually further diminutions in its autonomy .
we also see , occasionally , the academic community rising up en masse to defend itself against some perceived [outside] threat — usually further diminutions in its autonomy .

This system was based on an examination of individual courses by external academics and others drawn from the subject or professional area in question .
this system was based on an examination of individual courses by [outside] academics and others drawn from the subject or professional area in question .

It has three ingredients : the retention of a face-to-face critical dialogue between the course team and a review panel ; the inclusion in the panel of some members external to the institution ; and the incorporation of panel members internal to the institution , usually from disciplines other than that of the course up for review .
it has three ingredients : the retention of a face-to-face critical dialogue between the course team and a review panel ; the inclusion in the panel of some members [outside] to the institution ; and the incorporation of panel members internal to the institution , usually from disciplines other than that of the course up for review .

If the first caveat is that these processes are at a relatively embryonic state , the second caveat is that such movements towards greater institutional self-reflection are liable to be arbitrarily arrested by external pressures .
if the first caveat is that these processes are at a relatively embryonic state , the second caveat is that such movements towards greater institutional self-reflection are liable to be arbitrarily arrested by [outside] pressures .

If the giving of grounds is seriously taken on board by the individual as an integral part of this valued form of life , then the individual will be led to pose to himself or herself some of the likely questions from an external observer .
if the giving of grounds is seriously taken on board by the individual as an integral part of this valued form of life , then the individual will be led to pose to himself or herself some of the likely questions from an [outside] observer .

Under this set of structural conditions , research has taken on an instrumental character , extrinsically oriented to external goals .
under this set of structural conditions , research has taken on an instrumental character , extrinsically oriented to [outside] goals .

The present position , then , is that institutional autonomy is still such that there are no serious external constraints in the way of students ' right to learn .
the present position , then , is that institutional autonomy is still such that there are no serious [outside] constraints in the way of students ' right to learn .

Now we have reached the situation where , in effect , external agencies are having a major and virtually direct impact on the curriculum .
now we have reached the situation where , in effect , [outside] agencies are having a major and virtually direct impact on the curriculum .

While it makes little sense to talk of criticism of the physical world , it makes every sense to talk of criticism turned on to the theories and concepts which science has produced to explain the external world , for they could certainly be other than they are.8 Unfortunately , we sometimes give the impression in science and technological education that the current models , terms and theories of science are given and have merely to be assimilated by students .
while it makes little sense to talk of criticism of the physical world , it makes every sense to talk of criticism turned on to the theories and concepts which science has produced to explain the [outside] world , for they could certainly be other than they are.8 unfortunately , we sometimes give the impression in science and technological education that the current models , terms and theories of science are given and have merely to be assimilated by students .

Whether the students ( or the staff , for that matter ) realize it , external criteria have to be taken on board .
whether the students ( or the staff , for that matter ) realize it , [outside] criteria have to be taken on board .

But the examples all have this feature of getting the student to appreciate that it is possible to approach the objects of interest within their subject — chemicals , human behaviour , literature , technology — from the perspective of an external discipline , and that it can be illuminating to do so .
but the examples all have this feature of getting the student to appreciate that it is possible to approach the objects of interest within their subject — chemicals , human behaviour , literature , technology — from the perspective of an [outside] discipline , and that it can be illuminating to do so .

How far external evaluation of this kind is introduced into a course must be a matter of judgement .
how far [outside] evaluation of this kind is introduced into a course must be a matter of judgement .

External critique is absolutely educative .
[outside] critique is absolutely educative .

The question for an institution of higher education , therefore , is how such an external perspective can be built into the curriculum .
the question for an institution of higher education , therefore , is how such an [outside] perspective can be built into the curriculum .

So , external critique is both open and structured .
so , [outside] critique is both open and structured .

There are , though , two disciplines in particular which are especially powerful in generating an external critique of a discipline : philosophy and sociology .
there are , though , two disciplines in particular which are especially powerful in generating an [outside] critique of a discipline : philosophy and sociology .

Apple , however , were unhappy with their reliance on an external supplier for such a crucial part of their system .
apple , however , were unhappy with their reliance on an [outside] supplier for such a crucial part of their system .

Apple , however , had decided to reduce its reliance on external technologies and , after some considerable debate , decided not to continue with Adobe 's PostScript alone but to further develop its own system software so that it could better control both type and graphics .
apple , however , had decided to reduce its reliance on [outside] technologies and , after some considerable debate , decided not to continue with adobe 's postscript alone but to further develop its own system software so that it could better control both type and graphics .

Whilst a high degree of integration is possible within the InteSoft series external integration is rather more limited .
whilst a high degree of integration is possible within the intesoft series [outside] integration is rather more limited .

There is one fundamental difference , however , between the material which is produced within a business and that produced for external consumption .
there is one fundamental difference , however , between the material which is produced within a business and that produced for [outside] consumption .

During this period the system will have to be backed-up either by your previous in-house production methods or by external agencies .
during this period the system will have to be backed-up either by your previous in-house production methods or by [outside] agencies .

are subject to pressures and influences from their external environment ;
are subject to pressures and influences from their [outside] environment ;

The contingency approach states that while a particular structure may create optimum efficiency in an organisation , this ideal structure will vary according to the internal and external conditions of each organisation .
the contingency approach states that while a particular structure may create optimum efficiency in an organisation , this ideal structure will vary according to the internal and [outside] conditions of each organisation .

For Schein , it is ‘ the pattern of basic assumptions that a given group has invented , discovered , or developed , in learning to cope with its problems of external adaptation and internal integration , and that have worked well enough to be considered valid and , therefore , to be taught to new members as the correct way to perceive , think and feel in relation to these problems .
for schein , it is ‘ the pattern of basic assumptions that a given group has invented , discovered , or developed , in learning to cope with its problems of [outside] adaptation and internal integration , and that have worked well enough to be considered valid and , therefore , to be taught to new members as the correct way to perceive , think and feel in relation to these problems .

Schooled there , he took a degree in physics at Vienna University in 1922 as an external student .
schooled there , he took a degree in physics at vienna university in 1922 as an [outside] student .

In 1921 , with a governor 's scholarship , he started electrical and telephony engineering studies at the Imperial College of Science and Technology , entering on the second year of the course to help his mother 's finances , and consequently was compelled to sit the far harsher external students ' examination for the first-class honours B.Sc .
in 1921 , with a governor 's scholarship , he started electrical and telephony engineering studies at the imperial college of science and technology , entering on the second year of the course to help his mother 's finances , and consequently was compelled to sit the far harsher [outside] students ' examination for the first-class honours b.sc .

Despite the loss of all external stimulus he continued painting throughout his life , working in both oil and water-colour .
despite the loss of all [outside] stimulus he continued painting throughout his life , working in both oil and water-colour .

Despite all this external activity he spent long periods of time in his diocese , active in every facet of ecclesiastical administration , as is revealed by his register , the first to survive for the diocese of Winchester .
despite all this [outside] activity he spent long periods of time in his diocese , active in every facet of ecclesiastical administration , as is revealed by his register , the first to survive for the diocese of winchester .

In the 1890s he participated in the reorganization of Argentina 's external debt and in the 1900s restored Argentina 's credit in London .
in the 1890s he participated in the reorganization of argentina 's [outside] debt and in the 1900s restored argentina 's credit in london .

It is a work of deep inwardness , where the presence of God in all creatures makes external worship and scriptural authority superfluous : ‘ God is in all Creatures , Man and Beast , Fish and Fowle , and every green thing , from the highest Cedar to the Ivey on the wall ; and that God is the life and being of them all .
it is a work of deep inwardness , where the presence of god in all creatures makes [outside] worship and scriptural authority superfluous : ‘ god is in all creatures , man and beast , fish and fowle , and every green thing , from the highest cedar to the ivey on the wall ; and that god is the life and being of them all .

Dependency on short-term grants and external funding is an excellent way of keeping women — as well as other disadvantaged groups — in competition with each other for scarce resources .
dependency on short-term grants and [outside] funding is an excellent way of keeping women — as well as other disadvantaged groups — in competition with each other for scarce resources .

The external shape can be marked out with the spade and the excavation begun .
the [outside] shape can be marked out with the spade and the excavation begun .

In the main , these will be the great financial , economic and social questions , together with internal and external security and relations with other states or international bodies .
in the main , these will be the great financial , economic and social questions , together with internal and [outside] security and relations with other states or international bodies .

Later , the Presidential Council ( which was politically ineffective ) was replaced by a Security Council ( responsible for internal law and order and external security ) , while the Federation Council was given enhanced powers to meet the demands of the republics .
later , the presidential council ( which was politically ineffective ) was replaced by a security council ( responsible for internal law and order and [outside] security ) , while the federation council was given enhanced powers to meet the demands of the republics .

The military consists of the armed forces ( land , sea and air ) whose primary function is to defend the state against external enemies or to enforce the will of the state against other states .
the military consists of the armed forces ( land , sea and air ) whose primary function is to defend the state against [outside] enemies or to enforce the will of the state against other states .

The state has a duty to protect its citizens from external enemies , and this can best be achieved by maximizing its power vis-a-vis other states .
the state has a duty to protect its citizens from [outside] enemies , and this can best be achieved by maximizing its power vis-a-vis other states .

Today , external links with , and influences on , domestic societies are extensive , although unevenly distributed within and between states .
today , [outside] links with , and influences on , domestic societies are extensive , although unevenly distributed within and between states .

Accounting theory is conventionally concerned with financial accounting , i.e. with accounting to external providers of finance . It includes all aspects of published financial reports :
accounting theory is conventionally concerned with financial accounting , i.e. with accounting to [outside] providers of finance . it includes all aspects of published financial reports :

Perhaps the most fundamental characteristic of financial reports is that they are produced by management , they report on management but they are addressed to owners and others external to the reporting organization .
perhaps the most fundamental characteristic of financial reports is that they are produced by management , they report on management but they are addressed to owners and others [outside] to the reporting organization .

External accountability is enhanced by taking this essentially management control ( i.e .
[outside] accountability is enhanced by taking this essentially management control ( i.e .

This applies as much to external users of the information as it does to internal users .
this applies as much to [outside] users of the information as it does to internal users .

Capital finance takes a different form and the Government has overall control of it ( in the form of upper limits to the amount the organization can borrow — known as ‘ external financing limits ’ ) .
capital finance takes a different form and the government has overall control of it ( in the form of upper limits to the amount the organization can borrow — known as ‘ [outside] financing limits ’ ) .

It simply services all the other spending funds , by borrowing from external sources and lending internally .
it simply services all the other spending funds , by borrowing from [outside] sources and lending internally .

is the straightforward transaction reflecting cash flowing out of the authority ( assuming it is external loan repayment ) to repay loans .
is the straightforward transaction reflecting cash flowing out of the authority ( assuming it is [outside] loan repayment ) to repay loans .

The external loan repayments relate to the cash flows out of the authority enforced by maturity dates earlier than 60 years .
the [outside] loan repayments relate to the cash flows out of the authority enforced by maturity dates earlier than 60 years .

When employed in the financial reports it provides external users with some measure of performance .
when employed in the financial reports it provides [outside] users with some measure of performance .

The nature of the external audit
the nature of the [outside] audit

And , in practice , the external auditor will take account of this in carrying out the statutory audit .
and , in practice , the [outside] auditor will take account of this in carrying out the statutory audit .

However , because the ultimate responsibility is given to the external auditor , the role of the internal auditor is not emphasized .
however , because the ultimate responsibility is given to the [outside] auditor , the role of the internal auditor is not emphasized .

There are two important aspects of this definition , in contrast to external audit .
there are two important aspects of this definition , in contrast to [outside] audit .

The second important difference between this definition of internal audit and that of external audit is the concentration on reviewing the internal control system .
the second important difference between this definition of internal audit and that of [outside] audit is the concentration on reviewing the internal control system .

We can now turn to the specific institutional and legal environment of external auditing in nationalized industries , central government , local government and the National Health Service .
we can now turn to the specific institutional and legal environment of [outside] auditing in nationalized industries , central government , local government and the national health service .

The external exercises are therefore followed by internal training methods .
the [outside] exercises are therefore followed by internal training methods .

Although major developments in the ecosystem were largely external to biogeography until the 1960s , Stoddart ( 1967b , p. 524 ) argued that the ecosystem concept has four main properties which commend it for geographical investigation .
although major developments in the ecosystem were largely [outside] to biogeography until the 1960s , stoddart ( 1967b , p. 524 ) argued that the ecosystem concept has four main properties which commend it for geographical investigation .

He expressed the Malaysian hope that the non-aligned countries ‘ will be able to endorse the neutralisation of not only the Indo-China area but of the entire region of Southeast Asia , guaranteed by the three major powers , the People 's Republic of China , the Soviet Union and the United States , against any form of external interference , threat or pressure ’ .
he expressed the malaysian hope that the non-aligned countries ‘ will be able to endorse the neutralisation of not only the indo-china area but of the entire region of southeast asia , guaranteed by the three major powers , the people 's republic of china , the soviet union and the united states , against any form of [outside] interference , threat or pressure ’ .

Already by the mid 1970s it appeared , however , that neutralisation under Great Power guarantees as elaborated by Malaysia was acceptable neither to the majority of Southeast Asian states nor to the external powers that count .
already by the mid 1970s it appeared , however , that neutralisation under great power guarantees as elaborated by malaysia was acceptable neither to the majority of southeast asian states nor to the [outside] powers that count .

It could be anticipated that a new united Vietnam might regard neutralisation as a useful device to effect the transition from wartime dependence on external allies to a peacetime independent regional or subregional role .
it could be anticipated that a new united vietnam might regard neutralisation as a useful device to effect the transition from wartime dependence on [outside] allies to a peacetime independent regional or subregional role .

Since Vietnam and Kampuchea are heavily dependent politically and militarily on external sponsors such a concept of ‘ non-alignment ’ involves a very different emphasis to that of neutrality or neutralisation .
since vietnam and kampuchea are heavily dependent politically and militarily on [outside] sponsors such a concept of ‘ non-alignment ’ involves a very different emphasis to that of neutrality or neutralisation .

In autumn 1985 the former American National Security Adviser , Brzezinski , proposed the external neutralisation of Afghanistan combined with a Soviet military withdrawal , the introduction of Islamic peace-keeping forces for an interim period , and self-determination for the Afghans .
in autumn 1985 the former american national security adviser , brzezinski , proposed the [outside] neutralisation of afghanistan combined with a soviet military withdrawal , the introduction of islamic peace-keeping forces for an interim period , and self-determination for the afghans .

Real progress was made at the UN-sponsored talks on Afghanistan in May 1986 since it was agreed that Soviet troop withdrawals should begin simultaneously with the cessation of external interference and not after it as Soviet officials had previously insisted .
real progress was made at the un-sponsored talks on afghanistan in may 1986 since it was agreed that soviet troop withdrawals should begin simultaneously with the cessation of [outside] interference and not after it as soviet officials had previously insisted .

These assumptions and beliefs are learned responses to a group 's problems of survival in its external environment and its problems of internal integration .
these assumptions and beliefs are learned responses to a group 's problems of survival in its [outside] environment and its problems of internal integration .

Garratt ( 1987 ) suggests that leaders need to be aware of the wider economic , social and political contexts , the uncertain world within which organisations operate , and to take account of this external environment .
garratt ( 1987 ) suggests that leaders need to be aware of the wider economic , social and political contexts , the uncertain world within which organisations operate , and to take account of this [outside] environment .

These factors are both external and internal to the organisation and are a reflection of individual needs and the organisational context .
these factors are both [outside] and internal to the organisation and are a reflection of individual needs and the organisational context .

Senior managers should be able to look to the external environment in order to obtain messages about likely future trends , for example in the demand for services , resources that may be available , changes in the legislative framework , etc .
senior managers should be able to look to the [outside] environment in order to obtain messages about likely future trends , for example in the demand for services , resources that may be available , changes in the legislative framework , etc .

The circumstances external to the implementing agency do not impose crippling constraints
the circumstances [outside] to the implementing agency do not impose crippling constraints

Firstly , changing external factors meant that many plans became rapidly out of date and so they could never be implemented properly .
firstly , changing [outside] factors meant that many plans became rapidly out of date and so they could never be implemented properly .

Reaction to various types of initiative : internal and external ; ‘ top-down ’ and ‘ bottom-up ’ .
reaction to various types of initiative : internal and [outside] ; ‘ top-down ’ and ‘ bottom-up ’ .

At the time it was designated a Polytechnic in April 1970 , Oxford College of Technology sustained four external London degrees , but was not an Institution with Recognised Teachers .
at the time it was designated a polytechnic in april 1970 , oxford college of technology sustained four [outside] london degrees , but was not an institution with recognised teachers .

Some of the early groups joining the Modular Course as they faced the same problem of replacing London external degrees ( humanities and social science ) felt the strong hand of management as they exercised their ‘ academic ’ decision to join .
some of the early groups joining the modular course as they faced the same problem of replacing london [outside] degrees ( humanities and social science ) felt the strong hand of management as they exercised their ‘ academic ’ decision to join .

Third , there are the instances in which the array of subjects and modules across the Course , combined with external pressures and challenges , have facilitated the invention of new fields , and their development at significantly less cost than would have been the case without the modular scheme .
third , there are the instances in which the array of subjects and modules across the course , combined with [outside] pressures and challenges , have facilitated the invention of new fields , and their development at significantly less cost than would have been the case without the modular scheme .

Here , despite all of the external constraints the Course has managed to maintain the principle that every student should be allowed to take any module for which he or she is ( qualified and which can be timetabled .
here , despite all of the [outside] constraints the course has managed to maintain the principle that every student should be allowed to take any module for which he or she is ( qualified and which can be timetabled .

Others feel that double marking is essential in order to be fair to students and external examiners .
others feel that double marking is essential in order to be fair to students and [outside] examiners .

As soon as scripts are marked by internal examiners they are sent to external examiners and the unmoderated results fed into the student management system .
as soon as scripts are marked by internal examiners they are sent to [outside] examiners and the unmoderated results fed into the student management system .

The Chair of each committee is usually the Field Chair or Head of Department and membership consists of module leaders from the field and the external examiner .
the chair of each committee is usually the field chair or head of department and membership consists of module leaders from the field and the [outside] examiner .

The subject examinations committee discusses moderations by the external examiner which may , of course , affect recommendations published in the examination booklet .
the subject examinations committee discusses moderations by the [outside] examiner which may , of course , affect recommendations published in the examination booklet .

External examiners
[outside] examiners

External examiners work very hard for the Modular Course and play an important part in the progressive assessment of students .
[outside] examiners work very hard for the modular course and play an important part in the progressive assessment of students .

Inevitably review plays a great part in the process of quality control by external agencies .
inevitably review plays a great part in the process of quality control by [outside] agencies .

Many other obstacles to review , such as collusive disregard of inconvenient problems , when management of an institution prefers not to recognize a problem , and a course team does not want to be seen either as having problems , or as inconveniencing management , must be addressed by incorporating external expertise into the review process at judicious points .
many other obstacles to review , such as collusive disregard of inconvenient problems , when management of an institution prefers not to recognize a problem , and a course team does not want to be seen either as having problems , or as inconveniencing management , must be addressed by incorporating [outside] expertise into the review process at judicious points .

Part of Oxford Polytechnic 's response to accreditation has been to increase the involvement of external reviewers in the quality control process .
part of oxford polytechnic 's response to accreditation has been to increase the involvement of [outside] reviewers in the quality control process .

This strategy is not the whole solution ; for example , external reviewers may be reluctant to identify under-resourcing as a serious quality problem , when they know that additional resources are not available , just as juries would not convict for lamb-stealing in eighteenth-century England when they knew conviction would lead to death .
this strategy is not the whole solution ; for example , [outside] reviewers may be reluctant to identify under-resourcing as a serious quality problem , when they know that additional resources are not available , just as juries would not convict for lamb-stealing in eighteenth-century england when they knew conviction would lead to death .

Reactivity is also likely to be reduced as respondents can easily remain anonymous-impossible with interviews except when external consultants operate in very large institutions — and there is less social pressure to produce responses which are agreeable to the investigator .
reactivity is also likely to be reduced as respondents can easily remain anonymous-impossible with interviews except when [outside] consultants operate in very large institutions — and there is less social pressure to produce responses which are agreeable to the investigator .

to meet the management information needs of the institution as a whole through the seamless integration of modular and non-modular course records , together with the needs of external bodies ;
to meet the management information needs of the institution as a whole through the seamless integration of modular and non-modular course records , together with the needs of [outside] bodies ;

The Registry is the heart of the student management system , maintaining the flow of data to and from a continuously changing spectrum of offices , individuals , committees , management , external bodies , etc .
the registry is the heart of the student management system , maintaining the flow of data to and from a continuously changing spectrum of offices , individuals , committees , management , [outside] bodies , etc .

Other name and course order lists are found useful in general library administration such as processing external readership applications for Polytechnic students .
other name and course order lists are found useful in general library administration such as processing [outside] readership applications for polytechnic students .

This implies either an internal ( course-led ) or external ( faculty- or institution-led ) decision to recast and develop current courses in a modular form .
this implies either an internal ( course-led ) or [outside] ( faculty- or institution-led ) decision to recast and develop current courses in a modular form .

Commitment to the development often varies in relation to the extent of internal or external steering of such a change .
commitment to the development often varies in relation to the extent of internal or [outside] steering of such a change .

The exposure depends on external factors , in particular on the composition and masses of the population of small bodies that cause cratering , on their number density , and on their orbits as they cross the planet 's orbit .
the exposure depends on [outside] factors , in particular on the composition and masses of the population of small bodies that cause cratering , on their number density , and on their orbits as they cross the planet 's orbit .

The same barrier exists to other external sources of ions and electrons .
the same barrier exists to other [outside] sources of ions and electrons .

There is also evidence that adults who wish to be seen in a good light by others tend to make internal attributions , and vice versa they present external explanations for negative outcomes .
there is also evidence that adults who wish to be seen in a good light by others tend to make internal attributions , and vice versa they present [outside] explanations for negative outcomes .

He observes that fantasies operate like the primary process in that they ‘ fulfil desire ’ without the transformation of external reality but instead through the cathexis of , for example , the perceptual memory ( image ) of an organ .
he observes that fantasies operate like the primary process in that they ‘ fulfil desire ’ without the transformation of [outside] reality but instead through the cathexis of , for example , the perceptual memory ( image ) of an organ .

Discourse discharges energy through the transformation of the external world , while ‘ figures ’ are perceptual memories through which psychic energy is straightaway discharged by investment in them .
discourse discharges energy through the transformation of the [outside] world , while ‘ figures ’ are perceptual memories through which psychic energy is straightaway discharged by investment in them .

Similarly , in the secondary process the investment of energy is canalized by rules , by obstacles , that the defence mechanisms of the ego construct , which subordinate the possibility of energy discharge to the ‘ transformation of the relationship between the psychic apparatus and the external world ’ ( Lyotard 1984 , p. 58 ; Dews 1984 ) .
similarly , in the secondary process the investment of energy is canalized by rules , by obstacles , that the defence mechanisms of the ego construct , which subordinate the possibility of energy discharge to the ‘ transformation of the relationship between the psychic apparatus and the [outside] world ’ ( lyotard 1984 , p. 58 ; dews 1984 ) .

‘ Foundationalism ’ means that an external set of phenomena imposes an order on , or serves as a ‘ foundation , for , a given cultural practice .
‘ foundationalism ’ means that an [outside] set of phenomena imposes an order on , or serves as a ‘ foundation , for , a given cultural practice .

Aesthetic practices can either celebrate this absence of external ordering and accentuate disorder , randomness , the irrational in cultural objects .
aesthetic practices can either celebrate this absence of [outside] ordering and accentuate disorder , randomness , the irrational in cultural objects .

rules governing the crossing by persons of the external borders of the Member States and the exercise of controls thereon ;
rules governing the crossing by persons of the [outside] borders of the member states and the exercise of controls thereon ;

The question of the exclusivity of Community competence is of particular difficulty with regard to two concepts derived from the case law of the European Court : the concept that the existence of Community legislation on a matter excludes national legislation on the same matter , which may be illustrated in the context of the free movement of goods , and the concept that the duty of the Community to act in a particular matter from a particular date may exclude the possibility of Member States acting in that area from that date , which may particularly be illustrated in the context of external competence .
the question of the exclusivity of community competence is of particular difficulty with regard to two concepts derived from the case law of the european court : the concept that the existence of community legislation on a matter excludes national legislation on the same matter , which may be illustrated in the context of the free movement of goods , and the concept that the duty of the community to act in a particular matter from a particular date may exclude the possibility of member states acting in that area from that date , which may particularly be illustrated in the context of [outside] competence .

In those cases the European Court had actually held that a power to negotiate external arrangements could be derived form an internal power even where that internal power had not yet been exercised , and furthermore suggested that when the deadline for exercising the internal power had expired , the Community 's competence in the matter became exclusive even though no Community legislation had been enacted .
in those cases the european court had actually held that a power to negotiate [outside] arrangements could be derived form an internal power even where that internal power had not yet been exercised , and furthermore suggested that when the deadline for exercising the internal power had expired , the community 's competence in the matter became exclusive even though no community legislation had been enacted .

The club-carrier strikes a blow to the victim 's head , causing brain damage ; there is , however , no external manifestation and no danger to the life of the complainant .
the club-carrier strikes a blow to the victim 's head , causing brain damage ; there is , however , no [outside] manifestation and no danger to the life of the complainant .

‘ Lack of consent of the victim , as one of the key external elements of rape , is clearly a problem .
‘ lack of consent of the victim , as one of the key [outside] elements of rape , is clearly a problem .

At the moment businesses and services handle about 30 % of our external spend themselves .
at the moment businesses and services handle about 30 % of our [outside] spend themselves .

There are 20 instances currently of our involvement in external business ventures with many others under review .
there are 20 instances currently of our involvement in [outside] business ventures with many others under review .

Commence a review of the exception status of external qualifications against the requirements of the new modular professional examinations.E
commence a review of the exception status of [outside] qualifications against the requirements of the new modular professional examinations.e

The Institute has introduced a revised policy for accrediting external courses which allow full exemption from its own professional examinations .
the institute has introduced a revised policy for accrediting [outside] courses which allow full exemption from its own professional examinations .

Assessment , however , would be carried out by an external assessor who would look at testimonies from the line manager and company director , and a portfolio of documentary evidence and reports .
assessment , however , would be carried out by an [outside] assessor who would look at testimonies from the line manager and company director , and a portfolio of documentary evidence and reports .

8.6 The Department of Social Work has identified certain external agencies with counselling skills , in an effort to provide a structured response to the minority of staff who may seek counselling support , separate from their normal manager/employee relationship .
8.6 the department of social work has identified certain [outside] agencies with counselling skills , in an effort to provide a structured response to the minority of staff who may seek counselling support , separate from their normal manager/employee relationship .

8.7 It is anticipated on the basis of past experience that employees will in some respect ‘ self-select ’ for external counselling as a reaction to extreme personal stress sustained as a result of being subjected to severe violence or aggressive behaviour .
8.7 it is anticipated on the basis of past experience that employees will in some respect ‘ self-select ’ for [outside] counselling as a reaction to extreme personal stress sustained as a result of being subjected to severe violence or aggressive behaviour .

8.8 To ensure that appropriate use is made of the available line management support arrangements , all requests for external counselling must be discussed with the employee and approved by the relevant District Manager .
8.8 to ensure that appropriate use is made of the available line management support arrangements , all requests for [outside] counselling must be discussed with the employee and approved by the relevant district manager .

The committee will determine in the light of all the circumstances whether or not to approve the funding of external legal support .
the committee will determine in the light of all the circumstances whether or not to approve the funding of [outside] legal support .

charges or counter-charges are brought against an employee and the Council approves the funding of external legal support , any employee attending court as a witness on behalf of the employee involved will be granted time off work with pay for this purpose .
charges or counter-charges are brought against an employee and the council approves the funding of [outside] legal support , any employee attending court as a witness on behalf of the employee involved will be granted time off work with pay for this purpose .

It is clear that in these circumstances external or police assistance should be called .
it is clear that in these circumstances [outside] or police assistance should be called .

It has to be emphasised that the numbers of casualties often vary quite considerably from year to year as a result of weather and a number of external factors which affect the amount of travel .
it has to be emphasised that the numbers of casualties often vary quite considerably from year to year as a result of weather and a number of [outside] factors which affect the amount of travel .

Without some major changes here , South Africa 's fair words , and her external ‘ new look ’ will not carry conviction .
without some major changes here , south africa 's fair words , and her [outside] ‘ new look ’ will not carry conviction .

Linked to the increase in external pressures is the increase in the young person 's own natural questioning of authority .
linked to the increase in [outside] pressures is the increase in the young person 's own natural questioning of authority .

This removes the unknown element as in , for instance , an external exam .
this removes the unknown element as in , for instance , an [outside] exam .

The counties mentioned above have provided most of the pavements attributed to the `` Corinian School `` of mosaicists — a group of mosaics and mosaicists centered on the town of Cirencester ( Toynbee 1962 , 198 ; Smith 1965 , 1969 and 19849 Although one tenth only of these pavements can be dated on external criteria , both the particular associations of the Orpheus and saltire mosaics , and the more general association of this school with other schools in Britain , helps to suggest an adequate understanding of developments .
the counties mentioned above have provided most of the pavements attributed to the `` corinian school `` of mosaicists — a group of mosaics and mosaicists centered on the town of cirencester ( toynbee 1962 , 198 ; smith 1965 , 1969 and 19849 although one tenth only of these pavements can be dated on [outside] criteria , both the particular associations of the orpheus and saltire mosaics , and the more general association of this school with other schools in britain , helps to suggest an adequate understanding of developments .

( i ) Without external evidence of date , the period of a mosaic is always arrived at by an extrapolation from the style of other pavements .
( i ) without [outside] evidence of date , the period of a mosaic is always arrived at by an extrapolation from the style of other pavements .

This mode of explanation , by reference to external factors ( especially causes and functions ) , is often called functionalism ( see egg .
this mode of explanation , by reference to [outside] factors ( especially causes and functions ) , is often called functionalism ( see egg .

Transpiration in ozone-damaged trees was irregular and delayed , and transpiration rates did not vary with external conditions as they do in healthy trees .
transpiration in ozone-damaged trees was irregular and delayed , and transpiration rates did not vary with [outside] conditions as they do in healthy trees .

3.3 ) are dependent upon additional external funding being received .
3.3 ) are dependent upon additional [outside] funding being received .

at departmental and faculty level in the course of routine evaluation and monitoring of staff development , student intake , syllabuses , teaching and examining methods , and support facilities in response to the evidence of annual appraisal , training course reports , examination results , examiners ' reports , and student feed-back , as well as to external factors such as school syllabus changes and employers ' requirements ;
at departmental and faculty level in the course of routine evaluation and monitoring of staff development , student intake , syllabuses , teaching and examining methods , and support facilities in response to the evidence of annual appraisal , training course reports , examination results , examiners ' reports , and student feed-back , as well as to [outside] factors such as school syllabus changes and employers ' requirements ;

from the process of the regular review of departments and faculties by ad hoc review bodies , which always include strong external representation ( this formal review procedure has recently been amended to provide for the review of all departments and faculties on , approximately , a ten-year cycle rather than , as previously , simply associating reviews with the impending retirement of a head of department ) ; and
from the process of the regular review of departments and faculties by ad hoc review bodies , which always include strong [outside] representation ( this formal review procedure has recently been amended to provide for the review of all departments and faculties on , approximately , a ten-year cycle rather than , as previously , simply associating reviews with the impending retirement of a head of department ) ; and

There are also three other Directors who report directly to the Registrar for the sections of the University Offices under their charge , namely the Director of the Development Office , the Director of the External Relations Office , and the Director of Research Services .
there are also three other directors who report directly to the registrar for the sections of the university offices under their charge , namely the director of the development office , the director of the [outside] relations office , and the director of research services .

Announcing `` the end of the waste society `` , Environment Minister Klaus Topfler said that the move would be implemented in three stages , as follows : , From 1 December 1991 , all external packaging used for transporting products must be recycled ; , from 1 April 1992 , shops will be under an obligation to re-use or recycle all packaging returned to them by consumers ; , from 1 January 1993 , there will be compulsory recycling of all bottles and containers for detergents and other household cleaning products .
announcing `` the end of the waste society `` , environment minister klaus topfler said that the move would be implemented in three stages , as follows : , from 1 december 1991 , all [outside] packaging used for transporting products must be recycled ; , from 1 april 1992 , shops will be under an obligation to re-use or recycle all packaging returned to them by consumers ; , from 1 january 1993 , there will be compulsory recycling of all bottles and containers for detergents and other household cleaning products .

However , the ordered pair of functions ( f1 and f2 ) that are associated with each node for possible text assignment , can only be judged from a vantage point external to the communicative situation .
however , the ordered pair of functions ( f1 and f2 ) that are associated with each node for possible text assignment , can only be judged from a vantage point [outside] to the communicative situation .

Note 2 to Rule 20.2 stipulates that , in the case of a management buy-out or similar transaction , competing offerors should receive the same information as that passed by the target company or the management to external funders of the buy-out .
note 2 to rule 20.2 stipulates that , in the case of a management buy-out or similar transaction , competing offerors should receive the same information as that passed by the target company or the management to [outside] funders of the buy-out .

3.7 Any part of the Premises that faces onto any of the Common Parts shall be regarded as an external part of the Premises notwithstanding that such part of the Common Parts is covered in and " exterior " " external " and other words to similar effect shall be construed accordingly
3.7 any part of the premises that faces onto any of the common parts shall be regarded as an [outside] part of the premises notwithstanding that such part of the common parts is covered in and " exterior " " [outside] " and other words to similar effect shall be construed accordingly

The landlord may wish to have some control over the external colour scheme , but the tenant should resist a provision for the landlord 's consent to the internal colour scheme , except perhaps in the last year of the term where the tenant does not propose to seek a renewal .
the landlord may wish to have some control over the [outside] colour scheme , but the tenant should resist a provision for the landlord 's consent to the internal colour scheme , except perhaps in the last year of the term where the tenant does not propose to seek a renewal .

In some cases the service required can only be provided by , or with the co-operation of , another department within the same authority or by an external authority .
in some cases the service required can only be provided by , or with the co-operation of , another department within the same authority or by an [outside] authority .

Having established from an external examination what your best business opportunities are likely to be , you can now look internally at your ability to capitalise on them .
having established from an [outside] examination what your best business opportunities are likely to be , you can now look internally at your ability to capitalise on them .

This part of the process should be carried out in conjunction with the external assessment described in paragraph 1.2 .
this part of the process should be carried out in conjunction with the [outside] assessment described in paragraph 1.2 .

With information obtained from the external and internal assessments , you are now able to identify the strategic issues that require debate among partners .
with information obtained from the [outside] and internal assessments , you are now able to identify the strategic issues that require debate among partners .

Quality standards are monitored by internal and external auditors .
quality standards are monitored by internal and [outside] auditors .

For external audits identify someone within your firm who can act as a contact point and be present throughout the audit .
for [outside] audits identify someone within your firm who can act as a contact point and be present throughout the audit .

Consider how much training needs to be done by the supplier or other external source and how much can be passed down within the firm .
consider how much training needs to be done by the supplier or other [outside] source and how much can be passed down within the firm .

Whether you use an internal or external costs draftsman taxation is time consuming and most plaintiff lawyers will accept discounts in order to avoid it .
whether you use an internal or [outside] costs draftsman taxation is time consuming and most plaintiff lawyers will accept discounts in order to avoid it .

But the fact that it is protected by unwritten convention rather than by a legal constitution means that there is no external brake upon Parliament or the courts moving to restrict it in particular ways , as the mood of the times takes them .
but the fact that it is protected by unwritten convention rather than by a legal constitution means that there is no [outside] brake upon parliament or the courts moving to restrict it in particular ways , as the mood of the times takes them .

Leaf crowns consisting of rows of papillae occurring as fringes round the rim of the buccal capsule ( external leaf crowns ) or just inside the rim ( internal leaf crowns ) .
leaf crowns consisting of rows of papillae occurring as fringes round the rim of the buccal capsule ( [outside] leaf crowns ) or just inside the rim ( internal leaf crowns ) .

The two most important components of the external environment are temperature and humidity .
the two most important components of the [outside] environment are temperature and humidity .

Microscopic : The well developed buccal capsule is cylindrical and species differentiation is based on characteristics of the buccal capsule , and the internal and external leaf crowns .
microscopic : the well developed buccal capsule is cylindrical and species differentiation is based on characteristics of the buccal capsule , and the internal and [outside] leaf crowns .

The external crown , if present , is compressed and so there is only a narrow opening into the buccal capsule .
the [outside] crown , if present , is compressed and so there is only a narrow opening into the buccal capsule .

Other aspects of microcomputer use will involve linking microcomputers within one school or linking a school microcomputer to an external source of information .
other aspects of microcomputer use will involve linking microcomputers within one school or linking a school microcomputer to an [outside] source of information .

As well as providing pupils access to information in the school , microcomputers have greatly widened the amount of information available to pupils by allowing access to external sources of data .
as well as providing pupils access to information in the school , microcomputers have greatly widened the amount of information available to pupils by allowing access to [outside] sources of data .

Use of external database ( Prestel ) use of computer use of alphabetical index keyboard skills Use of dictionary Letter writing use of word processor use of computer keyboard skills Use of telephone ( verbal communication ) Use of street plan Use of bus timetables
use of [outside] database ( prestel ) use of computer use of alphabetical index keyboard skills use of dictionary letter writing use of word processor use of computer keyboard skills use of telephone ( verbal communication ) use of street plan use of bus timetables

More senior pupils in schools can use a word processor to write up projects or dissertations for internal or external examinations .
more senior pupils in schools can use a word processor to write up projects or dissertations for internal or [outside] examinations .

Care has been taken to ensure that wherever costs were classified as inputs , they were external , particularly where some of the same functions were also carried out internally .
care has been taken to ensure that wherever costs were classified as inputs , they were [outside] , particularly where some of the same functions were also carried out internally .

‘ Building operations ’ , for instance , include rebuilding operations , structural alterations of , or additions to , buildings and , somewhat curiously , ‘ other operations normally undertaken by a person carrying on business as a builder ’ ; but maintenance and improvement works which affect only the interior of the building or which do not materially affect the external appearance of the building are specifically excluded .
‘ building operations ’ , for instance , include rebuilding operations , structural alterations of , or additions to , buildings and , somewhat curiously , ‘ other operations normally undertaken by a person carrying on business as a builder ’ ; but maintenance and improvement works which affect only the interior of the building or which do not materially affect the [outside] appearance of the building are specifically excluded .

The cause may be attributed either to internal factors ( self ) or external factors ( others , the world ) and to stable factors ( such as ability or task difficulty ) or unstable factors ( such as luck ) .
the cause may be attributed either to internal factors ( self ) or [outside] factors ( others , the world ) and to stable factors ( such as ability or task difficulty ) or unstable factors ( such as luck ) .

The cause may be stable or unstable , internal or external , global or specific ( that is , extended to all areas of life or felt only in relation to a particular problem ) .
the cause may be stable or unstable , internal or [outside] , global or specific ( that is , extended to all areas of life or felt only in relation to a particular problem ) .

Furthermore , in emphasising external social factors in the causal process , it provides the most hopeful model for a consideration of prevention , as social factors may be more readily modified than other contributing factors .
furthermore , in emphasising [outside] social factors in the causal process , it provides the most hopeful model for a consideration of prevention , as social factors may be more readily modified than other contributing factors .

Coping behaviour is associated with current external resources ( money , information , practical help ) , which also relate to available supportive relationships , and with internal psychological resources ( confidence , experience , knowledge ) .
coping behaviour is associated with current [outside] resources ( money , information , practical help ) , which also relate to available supportive relationships , and with internal psychological resources ( confidence , experience , knowledge ) .

As such they can be separated from external resources such as practical help , information and emotional support .
as such they can be separated from [outside] resources such as practical help , information and emotional support .

Much controversy surrounds the relative importance of internal factors ( such as personality , intelligence and knowledge ) , and external factors ( like social support ) in determining coping skills .
much controversy surrounds the relative importance of internal factors ( such as personality , intelligence and knowledge ) , and [outside] factors ( like social support ) in determining coping skills .

He sat at his desk , reading it , silently , with every external sign of seriousness .
he sat at his desk , reading it , silently , with every [outside] sign of seriousness .

Then the external universe began to return .
then the [outside] universe began to return .

The popularity of the Clio 's external design is almost double the average for cars in the supermini segment .
the popularity of the clio 's [outside] design is almost double the average for cars in the supermini segment .

Complementary links will exist with external standards bodies .
complementary links will exist with [outside] standards bodies .

External information provision has seen the advent of end-user searching of external hosts .
[outside] information provision has seen the advent of end-user searching of [outside] hosts .

the building of better channels of communication , both internal and external ;
the building of better channels of communication , both internal and [outside] ;

Like facsimile messages ( fax ) , it has the advantage of being less expensive than the telephone , as an entire message can be composed before transmission , with only the time of transmission attracting an external cost .
like facsimile messages ( fax ) , it has the advantage of being less expensive than the telephone , as an entire message can be composed before transmission , with only the time of transmission attracting an [outside] cost .

The overall message from this case is that internal and external e-mail messages in context constitute records .
the overall message from this case is that internal and [outside] e-mail messages in context constitute records .

In much the same way our curatorial concern for software centres on the external physical record of programs and data-coding sheets , punched paper tape , punched cards , flowcharts , manuals , magnetic discs , publicity literature i.e .
in much the same way our curatorial concern for software centres on the [outside] physical record of programs and data-coding sheets , punched paper tape , punched cards , flowcharts , manuals , magnetic discs , publicity literature i.e .

To depict the aggregate supply function we first need to draw a distinction between aggregate supply in the short run , where expectations may be sluggish in reacting to external events , and the long run where money is neutral and where the supply of output is invariant with respect to the nominal money supply and the absolute price level .
to depict the aggregate supply function we first need to draw a distinction between aggregate supply in the short run , where expectations may be sluggish in reacting to [outside] events , and the long run where money is neutral and where the supply of output is invariant with respect to the nominal money supply and the absolute price level .

Workers are responding rationally and entirely voluntarily to external events .
workers are responding rationally and entirely voluntarily to [outside] events .

They are sometimes used as a form of 'soft loan `` to produce a more attractive gearing ratio , so placing the investee company in a better position to attract external lending .
they are sometimes used as a form of 'soft loan `` to produce a more attractive gearing ratio , so placing the investee company in a better position to attract [outside] lending .

Trained staff will then apply what they have learned at a chosen test site , which will be on an island to minimise uncontrollable external intrusions .
trained staff will then apply what they have learned at a chosen test site , which will be on an island to minimise uncontrollable [outside] intrusions .

The external demands on government are such that it can often act only as arbiter between competing demands and respond , under guidance from civil servants , to international events and trends over which it has no direct influence .
the [outside] demands on government are such that it can often act only as arbiter between competing demands and respond , under guidance from civil servants , to international events and trends over which it has no direct influence .

But the synthesis is fractured when Marcel recognises an external world that can confound this absolute complementarity : De Man calls this appeal to objects in their `` natural state `` , the `` test of truth `` ; it reintroduces an objective world to challenge the intratextual complementarity of inside and outside worlds : the totalised synthesis of subject and object .
but the synthesis is fractured when marcel recognises an [outside] world that can confound this absolute complementarity : de man calls this appeal to objects in their `` natural state `` , the `` test of truth `` ; it reintroduces an objective world to challenge the intratextual complementarity of inside and outside worlds : the totalised synthesis of subject and object .

The `` test of truth `` , which is de Man 's own phrase , contradicts the idea of metaphor as an internal totalisation , in a way that Marcel 's valorisation of an inner world is not contradicted by the idea that there is an external reality .
the `` test of truth `` , which is de man 's own phrase , contradicts the idea of metaphor as an internal totalisation , in a way that marcel 's valorisation of an inner world is not contradicted by the idea that there is an [outside] reality .

Woman is defective and misbegotten , for the active force in the male seed tends to the production of a perfect likeness in the masculine sex ; while the production of woman comes from defect in the active force or from some material indisposition , or even from some external influence ; such as that of a south wind , which is moist , as the Philosopher [ Aristotle ] observes .
woman is defective and misbegotten , for the active force in the male seed tends to the production of a perfect likeness in the masculine sex ; while the production of woman comes from defect in the active force or from some material indisposition , or even from some [outside] influence ; such as that of a south wind , which is moist , as the philosopher [ aristotle ] observes .

So classes and nations fight it out , and conflict escalates as external authority is removed .
so classes and nations fight it out , and conflict escalates as [outside] authority is removed .

The Bible declares that there is an external morality given by God for the good of all mankind .
the bible declares that there is an [outside] morality given by god for the good of all mankind .

Evil is not simply external , it is deep inside man himself .
evil is not simply [outside] , it is deep inside man himself .

He is not just a passing atom of an overwhelming universe , but is of external significance .
he is not just a passing atom of an overwhelming universe , but is of [outside] significance .

By making sin a purely external thing its seriousness was minimized .
by making sin a purely [outside] thing its seriousness was minimized .

The trouble was that the organ was in a rather awkward situation at the base of the skull , below the inion ( that is , the external occipital protuberance ) , a part of the body which , in most ladies , Nature has thoughtfully cloaked with a fine growth of hair .
the trouble was that the organ was in a rather awkward situation at the base of the skull , below the inion ( that is , the [outside] occipital protuberance ) , a part of the body which , in most ladies , nature has thoughtfully cloaked with a fine growth of hair .

It was part of a wider and profoundly important cultural movement — religious , theological and artistic as well as purely literary — whereby the problems of an individual 's inner life , the reasonings of his mind , the demands of his heart , all came to be regarded as being as important as his external behaviour .
it was part of a wider and profoundly important cultural movement — religious , theological and artistic as well as purely literary — whereby the problems of an individual 's inner life , the reasonings of his mind , the demands of his heart , all came to be regarded as being as important as his [outside] behaviour .

The external skeleton is highly versatile ; it serves the tiny water flea as well as it does the giant Japanese spider crab that measures over three metres from claw to claw .
the [outside] skeleton is highly versatile ; it serves the tiny water flea as well as it does the giant japanese spider crab that measures over three metres from claw to claw .

The external shell gives the crustaceans the problem it gave the trilobites .
the [outside] shell gives the crustaceans the problem it gave the trilobites .

The external skeleton has one incidental quality which has had momentous results .
the [outside] skeleton has one incidental quality which has had momentous results .

The external skeleton inherited from their water-living forebears , needed few modifications for life on land , but the millipedes did have to acquire a different method of breathing .
the [outside] skeleton inherited from their water-living forebears , needed few modifications for life on land , but the millipedes did have to acquire a different method of breathing .

All three sections are enclosed within an external skeleton made , primarily , of chitin .
all three sections are enclosed within an [outside] skeleton made , primarily , of chitin .

The chitinous external skeleton seems to be particularly responsive to the demands of evolution .
the chitinous [outside] skeleton seems to be particularly responsive to the demands of evolution .

An external skeleton , however , is also an unexpandable prison .
an [outside] skeleton , however , is also an unexpandable prison .

When the young hatch , they are even more fish-like than their parents , for they have no legs and breathe not with lungs , which will develop later , but with feathery external gills .
when the young hatch , they are even more fish-like than their parents , for they have no legs and breathe not with lungs , which will develop later , but with feathery [outside] gills .

It always breeds in a larval condition , its external gills growing into great branching bushes on either side of its neck .
it always breeds in a larval condition , its [outside] gills growing into great branching bushes on either side of its neck .

It will then lose its external gills , develop lungs and turn into a creature that closely resembles a burrowing salamander that lives in Florida .
it will then lose its [outside] gills , develop lungs and turn into a creature that closely resembles a burrowing salamander that lives in florida .

Development is very rapid and within twenty days each egg contains a tiny froglet which pierces the egg membrane with a minute spike on the tip of its snout and so emerges having dispensed with external water altogether .
development is very rapid and within twenty days each egg contains a tiny froglet which pierces the egg membrane with a minute spike on the tip of its snout and so emerges having dispensed with [outside] water altogether .

The tadpoles that develop from them are complete with mouths and external gills and they feed within the oviduct on tiny white flakes secreted from its walls , nibbling them just as though they were independent creatures browsing in a tiny pond .
the tadpoles that develop from them are complete with mouths and [outside] gills and they feed within the oviduct on tiny white flakes secreted from its walls , nibbling them just as though they were independent creatures browsing in a tiny pond .

The orderly life which he had adopted since his separation from Vivien , the routine in which he had seemed happier and more peaceful than before , had now been destroyed by external events , and everything was cast in doubt .
the orderly life which he had adopted since his separation from vivien , the routine in which he had seemed happier and more peaceful than before , had now been destroyed by [outside] events , and everything was cast in doubt .

These external pressures meant that he was writing `` Little Gidding `` quickly but mechanically ; the material was not properly seasoned and the first version of the poem lacked the presence of concealed private memories which would make the language cohere .
these [outside] pressures meant that he was writing `` little gidding `` quickly but mechanically ; the material was not properly seasoned and the first version of the poem lacked the presence of concealed private memories which would make the language cohere .

The first reason was external , the second internal to the Movement .
the first reason was [outside] , the second internal to the movement .

… the bilateralism inherent in the traditional structures and processes of international law is secured on the one hand , by a prohibition of intervention protecting not only a State 's internal but also its external affairs against third party interference and , on the other hand , by the pacta tertiis rule in the law of treaties , according to which an agreement can create neither obligations nor rights for a third State without its consent .
… the bilateralism inherent in the traditional structures and processes of international law is secured on the one hand , by a prohibition of intervention protecting not only a state 's internal but also its [outside] affairs against third party interference and , on the other hand , by the pacta tertiis rule in the law of treaties , according to which an agreement can create neither obligations nor rights for a third state without its consent .

The rule protected States from intervention by other States in their external affairs and maintained the inherent bilateralism of international law .
the rule protected states from intervention by other states in their [outside] affairs and maintained the inherent bilateralism of international law .

The duty of external non-intervention prohibits States from interfering with the valid performance of treaties that do not affect their own rights and obligations .
the duty of [outside] non-intervention prohibits states from interfering with the valid performance of treaties that do not affect their own rights and obligations .

The member States were external to the Council , and were included in the prohibition against taking instructions from external governments or powers .
the member states were [outside] to the council , and were included in the prohibition against taking instructions from [outside] governments or powers .

She was , as Clara had discovered at an early age , colossally inconsistent ; and sometimes Clara thought that it might have been easier to live with a true religious fanatic , whose fads and fancies would be at least predictable and well-marshalled , with the backing of some kind of external authority , from which there could be some appeal .
she was , as clara had discovered at an early age , colossally inconsistent ; and sometimes clara thought that it might have been easier to live with a true religious fanatic , whose fads and fancies would be at least predictable and well-marshalled , with the backing of some kind of [outside] authority , from which there could be some appeal .

Pham Van Dong in Paris , as well as Giap in Hanoi , had a comparable distrust of French intentions and , since elections of a kind had been held in January 1946 , the Vietminh had been busy consolidating communist power at the centre of a nationalist movement which , in its external aspect , impressed many observers with its moderation .
pham van dong in paris , as well as giap in hanoi , had a comparable distrust of french intentions and , since elections of a kind had been held in january 1946 , the vietminh had been busy consolidating communist power at the centre of a nationalist movement which , in its [outside] aspect , impressed many observers with its moderation .

It was matched , operationally , by General Erskine 's conviction that the Chinese border could be made impregnable and the coastline sealed off to prevent external aid reaching the Vietminh ; although it was admitted this could not be done with existing forces on the border .
it was matched , operationally , by general erskine 's conviction that the chinese border could be made impregnable and the coastline sealed off to prevent [outside] aid reaching the vietminh ; although it was admitted this could not be done with existing forces on the border .

During this third month the external sexual organs become determinable .
during this third month the [outside] sexual organs become determinable .

The very closeness of the anus to the external sexual parts might suggest connection while the penis , serving the dual purposes of sex and urination , and the similar contiguity of the ureter and vaginal opening , undoubtedly affect the outlook of most children and many adults .
the very closeness of the anus to the [outside] sexual parts might suggest connection while the penis , serving the dual purposes of sex and urination , and the similar contiguity of the ureter and vaginal opening , undoubtedly affect the outlook of most children and many adults .

The process of counselling will consist largely in helping the client to see how and where they exist , the reasons for them — external and in the mind — and the results which they are having .
the process of counselling will consist largely in helping the client to see how and where they exist , the reasons for them — [outside] and in the mind — and the results which they are having .

The word `` cunt `` , for example , used above , is a collective term used by many people for the whole external and internal female sexual apparatus ; for others it applies only to the sexual orifice .
the word `` cunt `` , for example , used above , is a collective term used by many people for the whole [outside] and internal female sexual apparatus ; for others it applies only to the sexual orifice .

John Harlow , appointed in 1560 , was himself the local vicar and his candidature was approved by the parishioners ; when the Goldsmiths examined him , they declared themselves satisfied without noting his qualifications and without recourse to external referees .
john harlow , appointed in 1560 , was himself the local vicar and his candidature was approved by the parishioners ; when the goldsmiths examined him , they declared themselves satisfied without noting his qualifications and without recourse to [outside] referees .

While internal forces were causing the expansion of the School , external forces were once again working to contract it .
while internal forces were causing the expansion of the school , [outside] forces were once again working to contract it .

After the Cuban missile crisis , however , there appeared signs of a greater maturity and moderation in external policies and a growing decisiveness at home .
after the cuban missile crisis , however , there appeared signs of a greater maturity and moderation in [outside] policies and a growing decisiveness at home .

In one case `` attainment of a norm `` will mean style borrowing : the approximation to some external norm as a `` disguise `` or at least as a point of reference .
in one case `` attainment of a norm `` will mean style borrowing : the approximation to some [outside] norm as a `` disguise `` or at least as a point of reference .

Many differences of language between this and the other passages can be attributed to different subject matter : James is concerned with a world of human values and relationships , and the external universe of nature has no part to play in it .
many differences of language between this and the other passages can be attributed to different subject matter : james is concerned with a world of human values and relationships , and the [outside] universe of nature has no part to play in it .

For external comparison , we give in the right hand column of the table , a comparable figure ( where available ) derived from a fairly representative sample of modern English .
for [outside] comparison , we give in the right hand column of the table , a comparable figure ( where available ) derived from a fairly representative sample of modern english .

As an example of what such courses required , we can consider an example from Hatfield College of Technology ( Carey 1964 ) , serving at the time some 200 full-time and 1,800 block and day-release students for external degrees , diplomas , and other qualifications .
as an example of what such courses required , we can consider an example from hatfield college of technology ( carey 1964 ) , serving at the time some 200 full-time and 1,800 block and day-release students for [outside] degrees , diplomas , and other qualifications .

The Profitboss attends at least one external business conference every six months .
the profitboss attends at least one [outside] business conference every six months .

Think carefully about every expenditure decision you make , whether it be an external telephone call or sanctioning an exhibition tour . What is the investment opportunity ? Is there a better one ?
think carefully about every expenditure decision you make , whether it be an [outside] telephone call or sanctioning an exhibition tour . what is the investment opportunity ? is there a better one ?

Every month discipline yourself to go through the file and identify at least ten external contacts to phone .
every month discipline yourself to go through the file and identify at least ten [outside] contacts to phone .

In its external elements then , the war widened the Unionists `` confidence and appeal rather than created it , lining up the nation with the party rather than the reverse .
in its [outside] elements then , the war widened the unionists `` confidence and appeal rather than created it , lining up the nation with the party rather than the reverse .

If we apply the equation simply to the electron by itself then the act of the microscope in determining the electron 's position has to be represented in a deus ex machina way as an external intervention bringing about the discontinuous collapse of the wavepacket .
if we apply the equation simply to the electron by itself then the act of the microscope in determining the electron 's position has to be represented in a deus ex machina way as an [outside] intervention bringing about the discontinuous collapse of the wavepacket .

It is not so drastic a solution as our first all-in-the-mind theory which attributes to the wavefunction a significance purely in terms of human knowledge , for this third view takes the external world much more seriously as the origin of the chain of correlated consequence .
it is not so drastic a solution as our first all-in-the-mind theory which attributes to the wavefunction a significance purely in terms of human knowledge , for this third view takes the [outside] world much more seriously as the origin of the chain of correlated consequence .

The first practical measures of educational extension were instituted during the 1850s and 1860s when London degrees were opened to all who could pass an `` external `` examination , but it was only towards the end of the 1860s that an emphasis on English language , literature , and history became an important feature of the process of extension .
the first practical measures of educational extension were instituted during the 1850s and 1860s when london degrees were opened to all who could pass an `` [outside] `` examination , but it was only towards the end of the 1860s that an emphasis on english language , literature , and history became an important feature of the process of extension .

The origins of the myths of his labours are lost in remote antiquity , but they represent the deep tribal need for saviour heroes with divine powers who could offer success when the tribe was threatened by external forces .
the origins of the myths of his labours are lost in remote antiquity , but they represent the deep tribal need for saviour heroes with divine powers who could offer success when the tribe was threatened by [outside] forces .

Judicial control can also be described as ‘ external ’ control .
judicial control can also be described as ‘ [outside] ’ control .

In many ways , external control is much less important than ‘ internal ’ or ‘ self-imposed ’ control .
in many ways , [outside] control is much less important than ‘ internal ’ or ‘ self-imposed ’ control .

Another related issue raised by regulation is the balance between external regulation and ‘ self-regulation ’ .
another related issue raised by regulation is the balance between [outside] regulation and ‘ self-regulation ’ .

The most common type of alternative remedy is an appeal to a higher level within the decision-making body ( for example , from a government official to the Secretary of State ) , or to some external body such as a tribunal .
the most common type of alternative remedy is an appeal to a higher level within the decision-making body ( for example , from a government official to the secretary of state ) , or to some [outside] body such as a tribunal .

As such , the subject contains internal objects , representations which determine the relation to what is misleadingly called external reality .
as such , the subject contains internal objects , representations which determine the relation to what is misleadingly called [outside] reality .

The main stumbling block for Drouot and other auction houses that want to deal with Russia is that the old export regulations ban any external trade in works of art created before 1945 .
the main stumbling block for drouot and other auction houses that want to deal with russia is that the old export regulations ban any [outside] trade in works of art created before 1945 .

Throughout the internal conflict and external aggression suffered by the Sri Lankan people , the Lanka Guardian has remained consistent in encouraging the pursuit of peaceful solutions .
throughout the internal conflict and [outside] aggression suffered by the sri lankan people , the lanka guardian has remained consistent in encouraging the pursuit of peaceful solutions .

Thus alternative external market constraints on managerial behaviour are isolated ; or proposals are made reasserting the potency of the internal structure of the company as a means of preventing abuse of the discretion exercised by corporate managers .
thus alternative [outside] market constraints on managerial behaviour are isolated ; or proposals are made reasserting the potency of the internal structure of the company as a means of preventing abuse of the discretion exercised by corporate managers .

In posing law as an external force to those it purports to control the judgment fails to recognize law 's part in constructing experience of the world ; how knowledge is possible only through categories and symbols of language ; how meaning is produced out of legal ordering of supposed differences .
in posing law as an [outside] force to those it purports to control the judgment fails to recognize law 's part in constructing experience of the world ; how knowledge is possible only through categories and symbols of language ; how meaning is produced out of legal ordering of supposed differences .

If we look to laws external to the family we can begin to develop a body of substantive analyses guided by theory .
if we look to laws [outside] to the family we can begin to develop a body of substantive analyses guided by theory .

Investigations of public law on taxation and social security reveal how internally the family is constituted by legal structures external to it .
investigations of public law on taxation and social security reveal how internally the family is constituted by legal structures [outside] to it .

What has been done , and what is morally judged , is partly determined by external factors .
what has been done , and what is morally judged , is partly determined by [outside] factors .

Among its prominent features , Moneo 's centre boasts an auditorium in which are planned concerts of composers such as Eric Satie , Stockhausen , John Cage and other friends or admirers of Miró , a large reference library , a waterpool and fountain , two external murals based upon the artist 's designs and four sharply angled rooms , excavated from a space loosely designed like a star , in which the foundation 's permanent collection of works by Miró will be rotated .
among its prominent features , moneo 's centre boasts an auditorium in which are planned concerts of composers such as eric satie , stockhausen , john cage and other friends or admirers of miró , a large reference library , a waterpool and fountain , two [outside] murals based upon the artist 's designs and four sharply angled rooms , excavated from a space loosely designed like a star , in which the foundation 's permanent collection of works by miró will be rotated .

Some clients will identify obvious external factors , such as changes at work , home , or in their personal life .
some clients will identify obvious [outside] factors , such as changes at work , home , or in their personal life .

However , alongside these measures , specifically directed towards the alleviation of symptoms , it is important to identify and change some of the external stresses that have caused the problems in the first place .
however , alongside these measures , specifically directed towards the alleviation of symptoms , it is important to identify and change some of the [outside] stresses that have caused the problems in the first place .

For example , the person who can not say ‘ no ’ to others ' requests is likely to be overwhelmed by external demands ; the person who fails to speak up for him/herself and express personal feelings and thoughts will not feel fulfilled and comfortable with his/her own identity ; the person who can communicate only in an aggressive manner may fail to develop healthy trusting relationships .
for example , the person who can not say ‘ no ’ to others ' requests is likely to be overwhelmed by [outside] demands ; the person who fails to speak up for him/herself and express personal feelings and thoughts will not feel fulfilled and comfortable with his/her own identity ; the person who can communicate only in an aggressive manner may fail to develop healthy trusting relationships .

Try to cut down on external noise .
try to cut down on [outside] noise .

Of course , it is different if we intervene solely to restore the material condition of a work of art after it has been damaged by external forces such as an accident or vandalism .
of course , it is different if we intervene solely to restore the material condition of a work of art after it has been damaged by [outside] forces such as an accident or vandalism .

The housewife refers to them as external obligations to which she feels a deep need to conform .
the housewife refers to them as [outside] obligations to which she feels a deep need to conform .

When a norm is internalized , it is part of a person , automatically expressed in behaviour , rather than regarded in a more detached way as a rule external to the self .
when a norm is internalized , it is part of a person , automatically expressed in behaviour , rather than regarded in a more detached way as a rule [outside] to the self .

You sit in silence through the crashing external noises like a snail in its shell .
you sit in silence through the crashing [outside] noises like a snail in its shell .

It means organizing yourself to arrive at places on time , without external promptings .
it means organizing yourself to arrive at places on time , without [outside] promptings .

You 'll find certain external time demands are made on you .
you 'll find certain [outside] time demands are made on you .

Those external demands provide a time-frame within which you must organize the rest of your activities and focus your attention .
those [outside] demands provide a time-frame within which you must organize the rest of your activities and focus your attention .

Many industrial activities impose external effects , usually detrimental ones , on the wider community .
many industrial activities impose [outside] effects , usually detrimental ones , on the wider community .

It will be revealed that there is the potential for both publicly owned and publicly regulated concerns to perform less efficiently than public liability companies in the absence of external constraints .
it will be revealed that there is the potential for both publicly owned and publicly regulated concerns to perform less efficiently than public liability companies in the absence of [outside] constraints .

First , there is the external constraint structure .
first , there is the [outside] constraint structure .

In order to keep things manageable , section 3.1 is devoted entirely to explaining the external constraint structure bearing on a plc , while section 3.2 provides the comparisons between plc 's and alternative institutions .
in order to keep things manageable , section 3.1 is devoted entirely to explaining the [outside] constraint structure bearing on a plc , while section 3.2 provides the comparisons between plc 's and alternative institutions .

3.1 Potential external constraints on a plc 's managers
3.1 potential [outside] constraints on a plc 's managers

The managerial labour market thus has both an internal and an external dimension .
the managerial labour market thus has both an internal and an [outside] dimension .

In the case of the large professional partnership , Fama and Jensen argue that the shareholders in such a firm have enough knowledge about its activities to be able to protect their interests , without either the need to all be on the board , or to have recourse to external representatives .
in the case of the large professional partnership , fama and jensen argue that the shareholders in such a firm have enough knowledge about its activities to be able to protect their interests , without either the need to all be on the board , or to have recourse to [outside] representatives .

First that , in the absence of special strengths , and on the basis of external restraints , we might expect such companies to perform worse than a plc .
first that , in the absence of special strengths , and on the basis of [outside] restraints , we might expect such companies to perform worse than a plc .

In addition to the external controls , factors internal to the firm also matter , both to the firm 's overall efficiency and , therefore , also to its ability to survive .
in addition to the [outside] controls , factors internal to the firm also matter , both to the firm 's overall efficiency and , therefore , also to its ability to survive .

External bodies may be able to keep management from moving in undesirable directions , but can they also ensure that detailed internal decisions and management procedures run smoothly ?
[outside] bodies may be able to keep management from moving in undesirable directions , but can they also ensure that detailed internal decisions and management procedures run smoothly ?

One of the major factors creating difficulties in obtaining information is randomness in the external environment facing the firm .
one of the major factors creating difficulties in obtaining information is randomness in the [outside] environment facing the firm .

This is so because the former quite possibly face weaker external constraints and because management may not encounter such sophisticated incentive structures .
this is so because the former quite possibly face weaker [outside] constraints and because management may not encounter such sophisticated incentive structures .

In addition they argue that the absence of external yardsticks under monopoly means that no clear tendency is likely here .
in addition they argue that the absence of [outside] yardsticks under monopoly means that no clear tendency is likely here .

Both these controls must be distinguished from a third , namely external financing limits .
both these controls must be distinguished from a third , namely [outside] financing limits .

In the aristocracy this was often external obeisance , but even this was significant , for it underlined the new power of the bourgeoisie , industrially powerful , and from the 1830s politically influential but often morally anxious , particularly under the impact of political instability and economic uncertainty .
in the aristocracy this was often [outside] obeisance , but even this was significant , for it underlined the new power of the bourgeoisie , industrially powerful , and from the 1830s politically influential but often morally anxious , particularly under the impact of political instability and economic uncertainty .

Children were accustomed to assuming adult sex roles very early and the attainment of puberty was not signified by external manifestations of maturity .
children were accustomed to assuming adult sex roles very early and the attainment of puberty was not signified by [outside] manifestations of maturity .

Prior to the nineteenth century children were dressed as miniature adults , complete with all the external manifestations of masculinity and femininity ; exposed to the social aspects of adult sexuality earlier than modern children , they probably had much less difficulty in coping with their own biological changes .
prior to the nineteenth century children were dressed as miniature adults , complete with all the [outside] manifestations of masculinity and femininity ; exposed to the social aspects of adult sexuality earlier than modern children , they probably had much less difficulty in coping with their own biological changes .

During the six months since the appeal for the £3.5 million which must be raised from external sources was launched , fund-raising efforts have been targeted at individuals and institutions .
during the six months since the appeal for the £3.5 million which must be raised from [outside] sources was launched , fund-raising efforts have been targeted at individuals and institutions .

Dr Briarty 's work has been supported in the main directly by the University of Nottingham rather than by external bodies .
dr briarty 's work has been supported in the main directly by the university of nottingham rather than by [outside] bodies .

Throughout , five core areas are being developed ; ( i ) External Relationships ; ( ii ) Internal Structure and Operation ; ( iii ) Membership ; ( iv ) Finance ; ( v ) Research Papers .
throughout , five core areas are being developed ; ( i ) [outside] relationships ; ( ii ) internal structure and operation ; ( iii ) membership ; ( iv ) finance ; ( v ) research papers .

The extent to which bereavement is worked through depends on self-awareness , external support , professional help and general attitudes .
the extent to which bereavement is worked through depends on self-awareness , [outside] support , professional help and general attitudes .

It forced many Japanese to recognize the need for reform and a strong national government which might achieve for Japan a better deal in external relations .
it forced many japanese to recognize the need for reform and a strong national government which might achieve for japan a better deal in [outside] relations .

The Tokugawa 's enemies took up the rallying cry of ‘ revere the emperor and expel the barbarian ’ ( sonnó0 jó0i ) , and kept it long after their leaders realized the impossibility of bringing external contacts to an end .
the tokugawa 's enemies took up the rallying cry of ‘ revere the emperor and expel the barbarian ’ ( sonnó0 jó0i ) , and kept it long after their leaders realized the impossibility of bringing [outside] contacts to an end .

Of course Japan herself did not stand still during this time , but the substantial advances that did take place were not influenced by external models or ideas .
of course japan herself did not stand still during this time , but the substantial advances that did take place were not influenced by [outside] models or ideas .

The pressure to safeguard by more than diplomatic or economic means external sources of supply , territories for emigration and markets for Japanese goods , coincided with growing nationalism and army influence from the late 1920s , crystallizing in efforts to secure control over large parts of East and Southeast Asia and build an autarkic economic sphere .
the pressure to safeguard by more than diplomatic or economic means [outside] sources of supply , territories for emigration and markets for japanese goods , coincided with growing nationalism and army influence from the late 1920s , crystallizing in efforts to secure control over large parts of east and southeast asia and build an autarkic economic sphere .

The outcome of the Formosan expedition demonstrated the weakness of China in her external dealings , a lesson that was not lost on Japan .
the outcome of the formosan expedition demonstrated the weakness of china in her [outside] dealings , a lesson that was not lost on japan .

The reassertion and manipulation of ‘ traditional ’ values to maintain continuity in a time of rapid change and to preserve national identity and order have frequently been undertaken by countries facing an external ( or internal ) threat .
the reassertion and manipulation of ‘ traditional ’ values to maintain continuity in a time of rapid change and to preserve national identity and order have frequently been undertaken by countries facing an [outside] ( or internal ) threat .

Although external organs such as the police networks were used to enforce control , much of it was exercised through existing social institutions , for example , the family and the company , and through official organizations such as the reservists , youth leagues and women 's groups , of which membership , where appropriate , eventually became compulsory .
although [outside] organs such as the police networks were used to enforce control , much of it was exercised through existing social institutions , for example , the family and the company , and through official organizations such as the reservists , youth leagues and women 's groups , of which membership , where appropriate , eventually became compulsory .

The multiplicity of groups to which each individual was obliged to belong placed further external restraints on his or her activities , and discouraged the expression of independent thought even among close friends or relatives .
the multiplicity of groups to which each individual was obliged to belong placed further [outside] restraints on his or her activities , and discouraged the expression of independent thought even among close friends or relatives .

Japan was not unique in the problems faced by her rural population , but her attempts to search for an external outlet for domestic discontent were unusually vigorous .
japan was not unique in the problems faced by her rural population , but her attempts to search for an [outside] outlet for domestic discontent were unusually vigorous .

Eating habits have changed under external influences , and it is not always easy for farming to adapt to such changes .
eating habits have changed under [outside] influences , and it is not always easy for farming to adapt to such changes .

The rural sector had been dependent on external aid to support these people , and was in any case unable to employ all of them .
the rural sector had been dependent on [outside] aid to support these people , and was in any case unable to employ all of them .

Established ways of doing things are not easily changed ; current policies can not be reversed without disruption ; internal and external patterns of relationship are resistant to rapid dismantling .
established ways of doing things are not easily changed ; current policies can not be reversed without disruption ; internal and [outside] patterns of relationship are resistant to rapid dismantling .

The most keenly felt was a condition attached to a large scale loan from the International Monetary Fund in 1976 requiring a reduction of £1 billion in public expenditure to support the external value of sterling .
the most keenly felt was a condition attached to a large scale loan from the international monetary fund in 1976 requiring a reduction of £1 billion in public expenditure to support the [outside] value of sterling .

They could also match political neutrality with economic autarky as a means to maintaining the autonomy of the state and its immunity to external pressures .
they could also match political neutrality with economic autarky as a means to maintaining the autonomy of the state and its immunity to [outside] pressures .

The editors ' work had emphasised the divergent consequences on political development of historical experience , of culture and social structures and of external threat .
the editors ' work had emphasised the divergent consequences on political development of historical experience , of culture and social structures and of [outside] threat .

As always , the range of politically practicable options open to policy makers at any time is circumscribed by local circumstances , the power base on which they depend and by external forces beyond their control .
as always , the range of politically practicable options open to policy makers at any time is circumscribed by local circumstances , the power base on which they depend and by [outside] forces beyond their control .

This chapter explores why external change in the international political economy has had the uneven impact on industries we showed in the previous chapter .
this chapter explores why [outside] change in the international political economy has had the uneven impact on industries we showed in the previous chapter .

Other reasons are less obvious , for firms have not merely reacted to change in their external environments ; many have actively sought to create new , internal sources of advantage .
other reasons are less obvious , for firms have not merely reacted to change in their [outside] environments ; many have actively sought to create new , internal sources of advantage .

The new competition created by all these external and internal forces has increased the barriers to entry and thus the degree of global concentration in many industries .
the new competition created by all these [outside] and internal forces has increased the barriers to entry and thus the degree of global concentration in many industries .

Chapter 3 described how multinationals ' strategies are similarly being shaped by the combination of external and internal forces .
chapter 3 described how multinationals ' strategies are similarly being shaped by the combination of [outside] and internal forces .

Moreover , many poorer countries have increased restrictions , though some have felt forced by external shocks to begin to look outwards .
moreover , many poorer countries have increased restrictions , though some have felt forced by [outside] shocks to begin to look outwards .

The ‘ French ’ tunic , a popular alternative to the gymnastiorka , was authorised for officers in 1935 ; named after the British general of 1914 , it appears to have varied in details — some had pleated patch breast pockets , some internal pockets with external flaps .
the ‘ french ’ tunic , a popular alternative to the gymnastiorka , was authorised for officers in 1935 ; named after the british general of 1914 , it appears to have varied in details — some had pleated patch breast pockets , some internal pockets with [outside] flaps .

We have to be more adaptable , and quicker on our feet than many of the other great national institutions which create the external conditions under which we operate .
we have to be more adaptable , and quicker on our feet than many of the other great national institutions which create the [outside] conditions under which we operate .

When it is apparent that external circumstances have changed , you have to decide whether to cry chicken and run too early , or continue to reinforce and spend time , money and ever increasing numbers of your best people , who are invariably sucked into the most difficult areas of the battle , trying to fight a war which you can not win .
when it is apparent that [outside] circumstances have changed , you have to decide whether to cry chicken and run too early , or continue to reinforce and spend time , money and ever increasing numbers of your best people , who are invariably sucked into the most difficult areas of the battle , trying to fight a war which you can not win .

These are businesses which have grown naturally because of a need that we have recognized and it is reasonable to suppose that if we have done the job right , and tested the external market to see if such services are not available to our satisfaction elsewhere , we would start with some sort of competitive edge .
these are businesses which have grown naturally because of a need that we have recognized and it is reasonable to suppose that if we have done the job right , and tested the [outside] market to see if such services are not available to our satisfaction elsewhere , we would start with some sort of competitive edge .

After all , only Canute believed that he could alter external forces without actually doing anything , and we all know what happened to him !
after all , only canute believed that he could alter [outside] forces without actually doing anything , and we all know what happened to him !

But the inward and Internal actions are to respond to , and hopefully influence , external circumstances , and unless you are clear on this nothing will happen .
but the inward and internal actions are to respond to , and hopefully influence , [outside] circumstances , and unless you are clear on this nothing will happen .

Despite the openness and tolerance of our company , the possession of too many layers in the organization inevitably reduces the perception of the headroom that exists , and means that people put more effort into internal argument than external achievement .
despite the openness and tolerance of our company , the possession of too many layers in the organization inevitably reduces the perception of the headroom that exists , and means that people put more effort into internal argument than [outside] achievement .

We do not in scientific experience move from an external world of things to an abstract world of ideas ; we always move within a single world of quantitative ideas .
we do not in scientific experience move from an [outside] world of things to an abstract world of ideas ; we always move within a single world of quantitative ideas .

However , because the moral phenomena which lay at the roots of social solidarity could not directly be measured , Durkheim identified law as an external and visible index of changes in invisible moral phenomena .
however , because the moral phenomena which lay at the roots of social solidarity could not directly be measured , durkheim identified law as an [outside] and visible index of changes in invisible moral phenomena .

The foundation of this approach was a positive conception of liberty ; freedom as an actual capacity for doing or enjoying something rather than simply the absence of external constraint :
the foundation of this approach was a positive conception of liberty ; freedom as an actual capacity for doing or enjoying something rather than simply the absence of [outside] constraint :

This was attributed mainly to the need to liaise with a large number of external agencies and bodies either by telephone or in face to face meetings .
this was attributed mainly to the need to liaise with a large number of [outside] agencies and bodies either by telephone or in face to face meetings .

Mozambique 's external debt is $ 4.7bn , Ethiopia 's $ 3.0bn , and Somalia 's $ 2.1bn .
mozambique 's [outside] debt is $ 4.7bn , ethiopia 's $ 3.0bn , and somalia 's $ 2.1bn .

Subsequently , children distinguish between what is part of themselves and what is not , and internal and external worlds develop .
subsequently , children distinguish between what is part of themselves and what is not , and internal and [outside] worlds develop .

But there are also extensive external networks ( formal and informal ; electronic , written and oral ) to which we have links , and which in various ways bind us to the rest of the actors in the firm .
but there are also extensive [outside] networks ( formal and informal ; electronic , written and oral ) to which we have links , and which in various ways bind us to the rest of the actors in the firm .

External power
[outside] power

chief executive ) ; external referent power links to external ( e.g .
chief executive ) ; [outside] referent power links to [outside] ( e.g .

We join an organization feeling relatively neutral about an external group of competitors but within months regard them as malevolent enemies .
we join an organization feeling relatively neutral about an [outside] group of competitors but within months regard them as malevolent enemies .

External sources of power
[outside] sources of power

those employed ) and non-members ( those external to the organization ) .
those employed ) and non-members ( those [outside] to the organization ) .

The greater the dependence on an external individual , group or organization ( e.g .
the greater the dependence on an [outside] individual , group or organization ( e.g .

the oil company 's dependence on the Middle East for the supply of certain types of crude oil ) , the more power that external supplier has .
the oil company 's dependence on the middle east for the supply of certain types of crude oil ) , the more power that [outside] supplier has .

The more the external reduces uncertainty , and the less replaceable the external is , then the more power the external will have .
the more the [outside] reduces uncertainty , and the less replaceable the [outside] is , then the more power the [outside] will have .

The greater the external control , the greater will be the tendency of the internals to centralize power , to standardize and to formalize it within the organization .
the greater the [outside] control , the greater will be the tendency of the internals to centralize power , to standardize and to formalize it within the organization .

Conversely , a strong internal power structure with a confident ideology will defend members from external interference , depending , of course , on the nature of the relationship .
conversely , a strong internal power structure with a confident ideology will defend members from [outside] interference , depending , of course , on the nature of the relationship .

If there is no clear focus of power ( either external or internal ) then internal conflict appears inevitable .
if there is no clear focus of power ( either [outside] or internal ) then internal conflict appears inevitable .

Co-opting external people on a continuing basis in order to influence decision , e.g. members of committees of enquiry , task forces , outside consultants , non-executive directors .
co-opting [outside] people on a continuing basis in order to influence decision , e.g. members of committees of enquiry , task forces , outside consultants , non-executive directors .

Identify a common enemy ( external threat ) .
identify a common enemy ( [outside] threat ) .

Identify an external threat : ‘ we and them ’ .
identify an [outside] threat : ‘ we and them ’ .

Individualism in Congress arising from internal factors has been reinforced by external change , most notably in electoral campaigns .
individualism in congress arising from internal factors has been reinforced by [outside] change , most notably in electoral campaigns .

Few grounds for optimism in these matters could be derived from the analysis of Paul Light who argued in The President 's Agenda that a chief executive 's success in getting his domestic policy agenda accepted would depend on his command of internal and external resources .
few grounds for optimism in these matters could be derived from the analysis of paul light who argued in the president 's agenda that a chief executive 's success in getting his domestic policy agenda accepted would depend on his command of internal and [outside] resources .

The internal resources are time , information , expertise and energy , but they alone are insufficient ; however skilled , resourceful and energetic a president and his staff may be , policy change will not occur without adequate external resources , in other words , political capital .
the internal resources are time , information , expertise and energy , but they alone are insufficient ; however skilled , resourceful and energetic a president and his staff may be , policy change will not occur without adequate [outside] resources , in other words , political capital .

At issue is whether these apparent climate shifts are driven by internal or external forces .
at issue is whether these apparent climate shifts are driven by internal or [outside] forces .

The measured dose of external radiation might be a surrogate measure for internal exposure to radionuclides or to chemicals ; such alternative explanations are still open to the objection that there are no generally accepted data on humans to support this .
the measured dose of [outside] radiation might be a surrogate measure for internal exposure to radionuclides or to chemicals ; such alternative explanations are still open to the objection that there are no generally accepted data on humans to support this .

External locus of control was measured on four items , no more than one of which was allowed to be missing .
[outside] locus of control was measured on four items , no more than one of which was allowed to be missing .

Until his successor Philip moved to establish greater uniformity in urban law , the échevins of Bruges ( and probably of other towns as well ) were free to fix the customary law of their own community , which implied a remarkable degree of emancipation from external control .
until his successor philip moved to establish greater uniformity in urban law , the échevins of bruges ( and probably of other towns as well ) were free to fix the customary law of their own community , which implied a remarkable degree of emancipation from [outside] control .

They recalled the Augustinian view of political authority as established not merely for defence against external enemies , but also for internal peace .
they recalled the augustinian view of political authority as established not merely for defence against [outside] enemies , but also for internal peace .

His catalogue included not only clusters , both open and globular , but also nebulæ and external galaxies .
his catalogue included not only clusters , both open and globular , but also nebulæ and [outside] galaxies .

Any binoculars will give a superb view of this huge system , which is much the brightest of the really large external galaxies .
any binoculars will give a superb view of this huge system , which is much the brightest of the really large [outside] galaxies .

This isolated existence was ended in the 1850s when external pressures from Western powers forced Japan to re-open diplomatic and trading links .
this isolated existence was ended in the 1850s when [outside] pressures from western powers forced japan to re-open diplomatic and trading links .

In many ways the Japanese response to the external threat was undermined by the internal erosion of Tokugawa authority and its economic weaknesses .
in many ways the japanese response to the [outside] threat was undermined by the internal erosion of tokugawa authority and its economic weaknesses .

Until the early 1960s temporary and seasonal labour was used to supplement the workforce , but thereafter the relative share of temporary labour employed in larger firms began to decline as the role of external subcontractors increased .
until the early 1960s temporary and seasonal labour was used to supplement the workforce , but thereafter the relative share of temporary labour employed in larger firms began to decline as the role of [outside] subcontractors increased .

First , they should have significant input/output linkages so primary energy sectors for example , would lower fuel costs across the economy , and steel expansion would generate external economies in shipbuilding or motor vehicles .
first , they should have significant input/output linkages so primary energy sectors for example , would lower fuel costs across the economy , and steel expansion would generate [outside] economies in shipbuilding or motor vehicles .

Although firms are more dependent on external fundraising , the proportion of shareholders equity in total assets is lower than in other advanced capitalist economies .
although firms are more dependent on [outside] fundraising , the proportion of shareholders equity in total assets is lower than in other advanced capitalist economies .

The ability to alter dividends is said to give companies more freedom relative to the external dependence on banks who may impose unilateral changes in interest rates or loan allocation .
the ability to alter dividends is said to give companies more freedom relative to the [outside] dependence on banks who may impose unilateral changes in interest rates or loan allocation .

There are also questions to be raised about the supposed disadvantages of excessive dependence on bank loans which relate to their classification as external sources .
there are also questions to be raised about the supposed disadvantages of excessive dependence on bank loans which relate to their classification as [outside] sources .

In short the level of cooperation between banks and their more important customers is much more extensive in Japan , thus mitigating the problems of depending on external loans .
in short the level of cooperation between banks and their more important customers is much more extensive in japan , thus mitigating the problems of depending on [outside] loans .

In recent years dismissals have been justified much more in terms of the need to rationalize the labour force in the face of external economic problems which are compounded by Japan 's ageing population .
in recent years dismissals have been justified much more in terms of the need to rationalize the labour force in the face of [outside] economic problems which are compounded by japan 's ageing population .

It must be possible to write sections of text to external files without change to the original and to insert text from external sources at any desired position .
it must be possible to write sections of text to [outside] files without change to the original and to insert text from [outside] sources at any desired position .

When the system is fully operational , such activities as accepting keyboarded input , outputting to proofing devices and to external systems ( e.g. Oxford Text System ) , text searching , integration , and any other processes on the system data will proceed in parallel , although different sections of the text will be subject to each process .
when the system is fully operational , such activities as accepting keyboarded input , outputting to proofing devices and to [outside] systems ( e.g. oxford text system ) , text searching , integration , and any other processes on the system data will proceed in parallel , although different sections of the text will be subject to each process .

a means of transferring the text to an external contractor providing computerised composition and typesetting
a means of transferring the text to an [outside] contractor providing computerised composition and typesetting

External device control .
[outside] device control .

Apart from the usual output media of the screen and the printer the micro could be used to control a wide variety of external devices from a simple bell through a slide or film projector to various forms of apparatus or even robots .
apart from the usual output media of the screen and the printer the micro could be used to control a wide variety of [outside] devices from a simple bell through a slide or film projector to various forms of apparatus or even robots .

Venetian blinds of furrows ripple down his forehead as his every external body activities mirror all that is going on in his head .
venetian blinds of furrows ripple down his forehead as his every [outside] body activities mirror all that is going on in his head .

We are thus ignoring two classes of externally programmed device , common in the early days of computing : ( a ) Computers whose programs were held on such external media as paper tape or punched cards .
we are thus ignoring two classes of externally programmed device , common in the early days of computing : ( a ) computers whose programs were held on such [outside] media as paper tape or punched cards .

In this book we are concerned with those internal design aspects of a computer which directly affect the way in which it processes data ; we therefore exclude such external aspects as the packaging of electronic components and units , the supply of power , or the conditions under which the computer is capable of operating , important though these are .
in this book we are concerned with those internal design aspects of a computer which directly affect the way in which it processes data ; we therefore exclude such [outside] aspects as the packaging of electronic components and units , the supply of power , or the conditions under which the computer is capable of operating , important though these are .

Luther held that it was `` better to obey a prince doing wrong than a people doing right `` , and he drew a sharp distinction between things spiritual and things temporal ; between the rules and values appropriate to the inner life of the soul and those appropriate to life in the fallen and sinful external world . ``
luther held that it was `` better to obey a prince doing wrong than a people doing right `` , and he drew a sharp distinction between things spiritual and things temporal ; between the rules and values appropriate to the inner life of the soul and those appropriate to life in the fallen and sinful [outside] world . ``

The external surface of the cuticle , in addition to being sculptured in various ways , bears a great variety of outgrowths which are integral parts of its substance .
the [outside] surface of the cuticle , in addition to being sculptured in various ways , bears a great variety of outgrowths which are integral parts of its substance .

Segmentation is not only shown in the external differentiation of the body but also involves many of the internal organs .
segmentation is not only shown in the [outside] differentiation of the body but also involves many of the internal organs .

It may denote ( i ) the external groove or sulcus corresponding to an internal ridge-like inflection of the cuticle which provides mechanical rigidity , or ( ii ) a line of thinner , weaker cuticle along which rupture or bending of the integument can occur at ecdysis , or ( iii ) a narrow , flexible , membranous zone of unsclerotized cuticle , or ( iv ) a linear impression without any obvious mechanical significance .
it may denote ( i ) the [outside] groove or sulcus corresponding to an internal ridge-like inflection of the cuticle which provides mechanical rigidity , or ( ii ) a line of thinner , weaker cuticle along which rupture or bending of the integument can occur at ecdysis , or ( iii ) a narrow , flexible , membranous zone of unsclerotized cuticle , or ( iv ) a linear impression without any obvious mechanical significance .

The external changes during growth are comparatively slight and consist mainly of an increase in size at each moult .
the [outside] changes during growth are comparatively slight and consist mainly of an increase in size at each moult .

External Genitalia
[outside] genitalia

Many taxonomists have preferred to avoid a terminology based on uncertain homolgies , so that a large number of special anatomical terms are now applied to the external genitalia of insects ( Tuxen , 1970 ) .
many taxonomists have preferred to avoid a terminology based on uncertain homolgies , so that a large number of special anatomical terms are now applied to the [outside] genitalia of insects ( tuxen , 1970 ) .

— The nervous system forms an elaborate connecting link between the sense organs , which respond to various external and internal stimuli , and effector organs such as muscles , glands and luminous structures , through which the insect reacts to the stimuli by coordinated behavioural changes ( Schmitt , 1962 ; Roeder , 1963 ; Smith and Treherne , 1963 ; Gouin , 1965 ; Horridge , 1965 ; Treherne and Beament , 1965 ; Treherne , 1966 , 1974 ; Hoyle , 1970 ) .
— the nervous system forms an elaborate connecting link between the sense organs , which respond to various [outside] and internal stimuli , and effector organs such as muscles , glands and luminous structures , through which the insect reacts to the stimuli by coordinated behavioural changes ( schmitt , 1962 ; roeder , 1963 ; smith and treherne , 1963 ; gouin , 1965 ; horridge , 1965 ; treherne and beament , 1965 ; treherne , 1966 , 1974 ; hoyle , 1970 ) .

Neuroglial cells occur within and around the ganglia and nerves , forming an outer layer of cells , the perineurium , that secretes an external , more homogeneous , sheath-like neural lamella ( Ashurst and Chapman , 1961 ; Madrell and Treherne , 1967 ; Lane , 1968 , 1972 ) .
neuroglial cells occur within and around the ganglia and nerves , forming an outer layer of cells , the perineurium , that secretes an [outside] , more homogeneous , sheath-like neural lamella ( ashurst and chapman , 1961 ; madrell and treherne , 1967 ; lane , 1968 , 1972 ) .

The middle zone is the medulla externa and is connected with the lamina by the external chiasma which is formed by the crossing of nerve fibres .
the middle zone is the medulla externa and is connected with the lamina by the [outside] chiasma which is formed by the crossing of nerve fibres .

In more strictly controlled conditions , tests or examinations may be given , set by the teacher , the school or by an external agency such as an examination board .
in more strictly controlled conditions , tests or examinations may be given , set by the teacher , the school or by an [outside] agency such as an examination board .

For instance , a teacher might require information for : evaluating his or her teaching , monitoring the progress of individuals in the class , communicating to pupils and parents about achievements and progress , diagnosing pupils ' difficulties ; a school might require information for : placing pupils in sets , deciding what examinations to enter pupils for , — screening pupils for remedial or enrichment activities ; an external body might require information for : — selecting pupils for different types of school , — monitoring the progress of the school , — grading individuals in examinations , — selecting pupils for further education , training or employment .
for instance , a teacher might require information for : evaluating his or her teaching , monitoring the progress of individuals in the class , communicating to pupils and parents about achievements and progress , diagnosing pupils ' difficulties ; a school might require information for : placing pupils in sets , deciding what examinations to enter pupils for , — screening pupils for remedial or enrichment activities ; an [outside] body might require information for : — selecting pupils for different types of school , — monitoring the progress of the school , — grading individuals in examinations , — selecting pupils for further education , training or employment .

Assessment which is used for providing feedback to those most centrally concerned with a pupil 's learning , the pupil , the pupil 's teacher and parents , is often known as " formative " in contrast to " summative " which is mainly for external purposes .
assessment which is used for providing feedback to those most centrally concerned with a pupil 's learning , the pupil , the pupil 's teacher and parents , is often known as " formative " in contrast to " summative " which is mainly for [outside] purposes .

In the above paragraphs a distinction was made between assessment for teaching and learning purposes and assessment for purposes external to the classroom .
in the above paragraphs a distinction was made between assessment for teaching and learning purposes and assessment for purposes [outside] to the classroom .

Functionalism as we shall understand it differs from causalism , first , in not restricting the relata in question to two categories : external input or stimuli and external output or behaviour .
functionalism as we shall understand it differs from causalism , first , in not restricting the relata in question to two categories : [outside] input or stimuli and [outside] output or behaviour .

The conclusion may derive instead from a general scepticism about all our perceptual capabilities , internal and external , and also a certain amount of fast philosophy .
the conclusion may derive instead from a general scepticism about all our perceptual capabilities , internal and [outside] , and also a certain amount of fast philosophy .

In the same way , external stimuli become incorporated into dreams in order to reduce their arousing effect .
in the same way , [outside] stimuli become incorporated into dreams in order to reduce their arousing effect .

As he says , quoting from Freud 's Introductory Lectures on Psycho-analysis , If we started life as `` a chaos , a cauldron full of seething excitations `` , with `` no organization `` and given to satisfying our wishes by hallucination , it is hard to imagine how we could begin to experience the external world in such a way as to learn adaptation from it .
as he says , quoting from freud 's introductory lectures on psycho-analysis , if we started life as `` a chaos , a cauldron full of seething excitations `` , with `` no organization `` and given to satisfying our wishes by hallucination , it is hard to imagine how we could begin to experience the [outside] world in such a way as to learn adaptation from it .

External aspects of religion such as temples , statues , reliefs and paintings of the many gods and goddesses , sacred object , writings and burial customs survive as a unique testimony to that religious experience but its inner meaning and significance are far more intangible .
[outside] aspects of religion such as temples , statues , reliefs and paintings of the many gods and goddesses , sacred object , writings and burial customs survive as a unique testimony to that religious experience but its inner meaning and significance are far more intangible .

Embryos or cells are fixed , extracted and stained in specially constructed glass chambers consisting of a glass washer ( 1.5 mm thick and 25 mm external diameter ) to which a glass coverslip has been attached using paraffin wax ( 46 ) .
embryos or cells are fixed , extracted and stained in specially constructed glass chambers consisting of a glass washer ( 1.5 mm thick and 25 mm [outside] diameter ) to which a glass coverslip has been attached using paraffin wax ( 46 ) .

The duration of cell recruitment into this new external definitive endoderm layer is unknown .
the duration of cell recruitment into this new [outside] definitive endoderm layer is unknown .

The voice we hear is , as usual for the period right up to 1910 , an external voice : women are a group more spoken about than speaking , if we are to believe the written records .
the voice we hear is , as usual for the period right up to 1910 , an [outside] voice : women are a group more spoken about than speaking , if we are to believe the written records .

a surgical wound , the edges can be held together be internal and external sutures and primary healing takes place .
a surgical wound , the edges can be held together be internal and [outside] sutures and primary healing takes place .

( 6 ) Interventions in the recommendation procedure by " external " agencies
( 6 ) interventions in the recommendation procedure by " [outside] " agencies

Commenting upon their total experience of Minor award schools , DCSLs also noted that a few schools had misconstrued the long-term intentions of the project and had cut library capitation in years following external funding .
commenting upon their total experience of minor award schools , dcsls also noted that a few schools had misconstrued the long-term intentions of the project and had cut library capitation in years following [outside] funding .

if your set wo n't always have access to an external aerial , it may be worth buying a separate indoor aerial ( about £10 ) to improve the picture
if your set wo n't always have access to an [outside] aerial , it may be worth buying a separate indoor aerial ( about £10 ) to improve the picture

But bear in mind that without an external aerial , you may not be able to get a very good teletext reception .
but bear in mind that without an [outside] aerial , you may not be able to get a very good teletext reception .

And for composers desperately intent on forging a language that had purged itself of any historical residues , a musical form that by its very nature was reliant upon an external stimulus , that needed the prop of a text and a scenario , was intrinsically suspicious .
and for composers desperately intent on forging a language that had purged itself of any historical residues , a musical form that by its very nature was reliant upon an [outside] stimulus , that needed the prop of a text and a scenario , was intrinsically suspicious .

Never is there a sense of external currents threatening to overwhelm the human spirit and forcing it to resist and redirect the flow .
never is there a sense of [outside] currents threatening to overwhelm the human spirit and forcing it to resist and redirect the flow .

It can not be assumed , however , that such organisational interests necessarily serve particular external interests … .
it can not be assumed , however , that such organisational interests necessarily serve particular [outside] interests … .

The accounts of all local authorities are subject to annual external audit .
the accounts of all local authorities are subject to annual [outside] audit .

For any individual , society is a massive external reality , and it is necessary to emphasise this simply because we tend to take for granted these social arrangements as natural , immovable and inevitable .
for any individual , society is a massive [outside] reality , and it is necessary to emphasise this simply because we tend to take for granted these social arrangements as natural , immovable and inevitable .

In fact he proved the most formidable politician of postwar Japan with a good claim to be the architect of the domestic and external systems which have guided Japan 's evolution from the late 1940s to the 1980s .
in fact he proved the most formidable politician of postwar japan with a good claim to be the architect of the domestic and [outside] systems which have guided japan 's evolution from the late 1940s to the 1980s .

There 's a 500 square foot showroom displaying the very latest lighting products for external use and they include wallmounted , garden and underwater lights .
there 's a 500 square foot showroom displaying the very latest lighting products for [outside] use and they include wallmounted , garden and underwater lights .

When an airline unveils a new corporate identity the occasion tends to mark , as Alan Brew rightly observes , a fundamental turningpoint in strategy , structure , internal culture and external communications .
when an airline unveils a new corporate identity the occasion tends to mark , as alan brew rightly observes , a fundamental turningpoint in strategy , structure , internal culture and [outside] communications .

From such relatively peaceful origins they came , by the end of the century , to undertake external war for their employers , pitting themselves against other such groups ( the Companies or routiers ) , in which might be found not only Italians and Germans , but Flemings , Spaniards , Frenchmen and , at times , a few Englishmen .
from such relatively peaceful origins they came , by the end of the century , to undertake [outside] war for their employers , pitting themselves against other such groups ( the companies or routiers ) , in which might be found not only italians and germans , but flemings , spaniards , frenchmen and , at times , a few englishmen .

It is that the actors ' desires , beliefs , and resulting reasons for action may be generated in turn by external factors .
it is that the actors ' desires , beliefs , and resulting reasons for action may be generated in turn by [outside] factors .

In the strongest version of this approach , behaviour is generated by a system of forces or a structure , external not only to the minds of each actor but also external even to the minds of all actors .
in the strongest version of this approach , behaviour is generated by a system of forces or a structure , [outside] not only to the minds of each actor but also [outside] even to the minds of all actors .

Theories cast in terms of external structures and systematic forces are at the ‘ holist ’ end of a range of causal theories , just as theories which take actors as the final authority are at the ‘ individualist ’ end of a range of theories in search of understanding .
theories cast in terms of [outside] structures and systematic forces are at the ‘ holist ’ end of a range of causal theories , just as theories which take actors as the final authority are at the ‘ individualist ’ end of a range of theories in search of understanding .

Consider , for instance , the neutral-sounding question : ‘ Is there a link between levels of external and internal conflict ?
consider , for instance , the neutral-sounding question : ‘ is there a link between levels of [outside] and internal conflict ?

Muslims too claim to address themselves to an external reality and their claim is parallel to the physicists ' .
muslims too claim to address themselves to an [outside] reality and their claim is parallel to the physicists ' .

In the end there is nothing external to the broadest and most significant institutions .
in the end there is nothing [outside] to the broadest and most significant institutions .

There is no neutral , objective , external criterion for reality or rationality .
there is no neutral , objective , [outside] criterion for reality or rationality .

That moral is no help to claims on behalf of hidden forces and external structures .
that moral is no help to claims on behalf of hidden forces and [outside] structures .

And if Jesus is consubstantial with God , the Kingdom of Heaven need not be something that will be inaugurated on earth in the immediate future , but something external — another realm , another dimension , in which one can expect a welcome and a reserved place on one 's death .
and if jesus is consubstantial with god , the kingdom of heaven need not be something that will be inaugurated on earth in the immediate future , but something [outside] — another realm , another dimension , in which one can expect a welcome and a reserved place on one 's death .

The ‘ pressure ’ in these cases was both internal , with individuals feeling the need to conform to what had become the ‘ norm ’ in their social group , and also external , with individuals being urged to conform and , given the nature of heroin use , subsequently excluded from the group if they did not .
the ‘ pressure ’ in these cases was both internal , with individuals feeling the need to conform to what had become the ‘ norm ’ in their social group , and also [outside] , with individuals being urged to conform and , given the nature of heroin use , subsequently excluded from the group if they did not .

As will be shown , sometimes these were half-hearted , the result of external pressure , rather than personal commitment .
as will be shown , sometimes these were half-hearted , the result of [outside] pressure , rather than personal commitment .

It is not surprising , then , that most of the interviewees first came to the decision to seek help as a direct result of some external influence .
it is not surprising , then , that most of the interviewees first came to the decision to seek help as a direct result of some [outside] influence .

On the one hand , data such as notifications by GPs to the Home Office , police arrests for heroin offences , referrals to Detoxification Units , and so on , not only reflect upward and downward trends in heroin use itself , but also external factors such as changes in official policy and availability of street heroin .
on the one hand , data such as notifications by gps to the home office , police arrests for heroin offences , referrals to detoxification units , and so on , not only reflect upward and downward trends in heroin use itself , but also [outside] factors such as changes in official policy and availability of street heroin .

Under this procedure , documents emanating from , say , a court or parquet in the state of origin are transmitted ( perhaps via the Ministry of Justice of that state ) to its Ministry for External Affairs .
under this procedure , documents emanating from , say , a court or parquet in the state of origin are transmitted ( perhaps via the ministry of justice of that state ) to its ministry for [outside] affairs .

They are then sent to the Embassy maintained in the state of destination which conveys them to the External Affairs Ministry of that state , which will pass them over to its Ministry of Justice to be sent down to the appropriate local agency for delivery to the addressee .
they are then sent to the embassy maintained in the state of destination which conveys them to the [outside] affairs ministry of that state , which will pass them over to its ministry of justice to be sent down to the appropriate local agency for delivery to the addressee .

Many countries , mainly those in the civil law tradition , have made this declaration , including Belgium , Czechoslovakia , Egypt , France , Germany , Luxembourg , Norway , Portugal , Seychelles and Turkey ( but not Italy ) ; accordingly an attempt to serve process via a United States Vice-Consul in the German Federal Republic has been held to be ineffective and the Netherlands Ministry of External Affairs was held to have acted properly when it refused to accept a document intended for service via the diplomatic channel on a defendant in France .
many countries , mainly those in the civil law tradition , have made this declaration , including belgium , czechoslovakia , egypt , france , germany , luxembourg , norway , portugal , seychelles and turkey ( but not italy ) ; accordingly an attempt to serve process via a united states vice-consul in the german federal republic has been held to be ineffective and the netherlands ministry of [outside] affairs was held to have acted properly when it refused to accept a document intended for service via the diplomatic channel on a defendant in france .

Professor Roger Falconer has been appointed an Overseas External Assessor and Advisor to the Hong Kong Research Grants Council .
professor roger falconer has been appointed an overseas [outside] assessor and advisor to the hong kong research grants council .

Dr Snee 's winning design shows the effects of pressurising a tunnel in loose water bearing ground in order to balance the external water pressure .
dr snee 's winning design shows the effects of pressurising a tunnel in loose water bearing ground in order to balance the [outside] water pressure .

On the other hand , the introduction of staff external to it could be seen to guarantee the objectivity of the exercise for all concerned .
on the other hand , the introduction of staff [outside] to it could be seen to guarantee the objectivity of the exercise for all concerned .

First there is the notion of the community using its own resources to provide care via family and friends as well as voluntary and locally based formal services , and second there is the idea that the community 's resources will be supplemented by those from external sources ( e.g .
first there is the notion of the community using its own resources to provide care via family and friends as well as voluntary and locally based formal services , and second there is the idea that the community 's resources will be supplemented by those from [outside] sources ( e.g .

In other words , action which is predetermined by some external constraints can not be seen in the same light as action which accords with some convention , though , on occasion , constrained action may be glossed as rule-governed in an associated account , particularly where the agency of a person is in doubt .
in other words , action which is predetermined by some [outside] constraints can not be seen in the same light as action which accords with some convention , though , on occasion , constrained action may be glossed as rule-governed in an associated account , particularly where the agency of a person is in doubt .

Saussurean theory is concerned with both the external relations of meaning and the internal structure of the system of meaningful elements in a language .
saussurean theory is concerned with both the [outside] relations of meaning and the internal structure of the system of meaningful elements in a language .

On the other hand , there is information which may be said to be external to the company , commonly referred to as market information .
on the other hand , there is information which may be said to be [outside] to the company , commonly referred to as market information .

As well as persuasion , however , some external pressure , both from within and from outside schools , is needed to produce change .
as well as persuasion , however , some [outside] pressure , both from within and from outside schools , is needed to produce change .

External forces :
[outside] forces :

Realists are impressed by the constraints imposed by the ‘ external world ’ on what we know and can know .
realists are impressed by the constraints imposed by the ‘ [outside] world ’ on what we know and can know .

As in the case of that animal , their clothes must fit their habitat , changing in response to external change .
as in the case of that animal , their clothes must fit their habitat , changing in response to [outside] change .

And just as the ethical perspective of Stoicism was shaped by the slave-status of some of its principal proponents , so the ethical perspective of women has evolved within a framework of powerlessness to affect external events — even the lives of her own children within the family structure — and powerlessness to resist the inexorable internal cycle of obtrusive biological change , with the social and economic concomitants of that change that are absent in the case of the more modulated maturing and ageing processes of men .
and just as the ethical perspective of stoicism was shaped by the slave-status of some of its principal proponents , so the ethical perspective of women has evolved within a framework of powerlessness to affect [outside] events — even the lives of her own children within the family structure — and powerlessness to resist the inexorable internal cycle of obtrusive biological change , with the social and economic concomitants of that change that are absent in the case of the more modulated maturing and ageing processes of men .

He claims that rights arising from contract are never rights over a person , but only rights over something external to the person — for instance , that person 's body .
he claims that rights arising from contract are never rights over a person , but only rights over something [outside] to the person — for instance , that person 's body .

Those who are still in a state to require being taken care of by others must be protected against their own actions as well as against external injury .
those who are still in a state to require being taken care of by others must be protected against their own actions as well as against [outside] injury .

Children must be taken care of by others and protected from external injury and against their own actions .
children must be taken care of by others and protected from [outside] injury and against their own actions .

Aristotle 's argument concerns the question of what it is that makes an action ‘ voluntary ’ , done of a person 's own free will , and in order to answer this question , he distinguished between actions whose origin was ‘ inside ’ a person , and those whose origin was ‘ outside ’ , which resulted from external influences or pressure or compulsion .
aristotle 's argument concerns the question of what it is that makes an action ‘ voluntary ’ , done of a person 's own free will , and in order to answer this question , he distinguished between actions whose origin was ‘ inside ’ a person , and those whose origin was ‘ outside ’ , which resulted from [outside] influences or pressure or compulsion .

But this brutality and coercion has been seen not merely as a question of physical or ‘ external ’ coercion or constraint ; the force of subjection has also been seen as a psychic one , invading women 's very selves .
but this brutality and coercion has been seen not merely as a question of physical or ‘ [outside] ’ coercion or constraint ; the force of subjection has also been seen as a psychic one , invading women 's very selves .

The ‘ social ’ factors of which Millett writes are here seen as pressures which are ‘ external ’ to the self , and which have the effect of thwarting the conscious and unitary rationality of female individuality , or the female ego .
the ‘ social ’ factors of which millett writes are here seen as pressures which are ‘ [outside] ’ to the self , and which have the effect of thwarting the conscious and unitary rationality of female individuality , or the female ego .

The effect however , is the same , whether it originates from an external source or from an internal one .
the effect however , is the same , whether it originates from an [outside] source or from an internal one .

Increasing the sound insulation value of the external walls of your house is not easy , and can be expensive .
increasing the sound insulation value of the [outside] walls of your house is not easy , and can be expensive .

These days there 's a mastic type compound for every situation , and my favourite for external use us a one-part polysulphide , available in cartridge form for use in a skeleton gun .
these days there 's a mastic type compound for every situation , and my favourite for [outside] use us a one-part polysulphide , available in cartridge form for use in a skeleton gun .

Independence of domestic policies Under the adjustable peg system , deficit countries had to direct fiscal and monetary policies at the external situation since expenditure-reducing was the only way in which the balance of payments could be improved without devaluation .
independence of domestic policies under the adjustable peg system , deficit countries had to direct fiscal and monetary policies at the [outside] situation since expenditure-reducing was the only way in which the balance of payments could be improved without devaluation .

Insulation from external inflation With fixed exchange rates , inflation abroad is transmitted directly into higher import prices .
insulation from [outside] inflation with fixed exchange rates , inflation abroad is transmitted directly into higher import prices .

In the role of parry in The Fisher King , his latest film , Robin moves from practitioner to patient , a journey through the external trappings of madness to the inner recesses of a divine dementia .
in the role of parry in the fisher king , his latest film , robin moves from practitioner to patient , a journey through the [outside] trappings of madness to the inner recesses of a divine dementia .

The ego is that part of the id which has through perception been modified by the external world .
the ego is that part of the id which has through perception been modified by the [outside] world .

The ego tries to bring the perception of reality , the external world , to bear on the impulses of the id , which seek pleasure , without regard to the external reality in which the organism is placed .
the ego tries to bring the perception of reality , the [outside] world , to bear on the impulses of the id , which seek pleasure , without regard to the [outside] reality in which the organism is placed .

The unconscious system obeys the pleasure principle and seeks pleasurable states of the psyche , but would ignore external reality without the guidance of the conscious and preconscious perceptual system .
the unconscious system obeys the pleasure principle and seeks pleasurable states of the psyche , but would ignore [outside] reality without the guidance of the conscious and preconscious perceptual system .

Secondly , the ego would be derived from two sources — the external world as an environment , as in Freud , and the common culture , which is also acquired from outside .
secondly , the ego would be derived from two sources — the [outside] world as an environment , as in freud , and the common culture , which is also acquired from outside .

He ignores Freud 's other remarks : ‘ that the ego is that part of the id which has been modified by the direct influence of the external world … ’ .
he ignores freud 's other remarks : ‘ that the ego is that part of the id which has been modified by the direct influence of the [outside] world … ’ .

The ‘ external world ’ can certainly include the social and cultural systems that Parsons wishes it to , but to eradicate all instinctual impulses in the personality system is to distort Freud beyond recognition .
the ‘ [outside] world ’ can certainly include the social and cultural systems that parsons wishes it to , but to eradicate all instinctual impulses in the personality system is to distort freud beyond recognition .

This could even be true without there being any external warfare in which some of the members might engage .
this could even be true without there being any [outside] warfare in which some of the members might engage .

This corresponds to the stage of maturity in the individual 's development where he or she ‘ has renounced the pleasure principle , adjusted himself to reality and turned to the external world for the object of his desires ’ .
this corresponds to the stage of maturity in the individual 's development where he or she ‘ has renounced the pleasure principle , adjusted himself to reality and turned to the [outside] world for the object of his desires ’ .

First , goddesses offer comfort , just as the infant 's mother did : then male gods , or God , offer protection against external reality , as a father does for a child .
first , goddesses offer comfort , just as the infant 's mother did : then male gods , or god , offer protection against [outside] reality , as a father does for a child .

‘ … originally the ego includes everything , later it separates off an external world from itself ’ .
‘ … originally the ego includes everything , later it separates off an [outside] world from itself ’ .

This same feeling occurs in an individual who has renounced some instinctual pleasure as a result of an internal demand of the super-ego , as distinct from an external prohibition .
this same feeling occurs in an individual who has renounced some instinctual pleasure as a result of an internal demand of the super-ego , as distinct from an [outside] prohibition .

This is the oldest type of mental functioning for individuals and for mankind as a whole , and it is one to which neurotics return when they find parts , or the whole , of external reality too painful .
this is the oldest type of mental functioning for individuals and for mankind as a whole , and it is one to which neurotics return when they find parts , or the whole , of [outside] reality too painful .

In the course of development , the child learns to form conceptions of the external world and to act in ways which produce satisfaction in that world , and not just in the mental world .
in the course of development , the child learns to form conceptions of the [outside] world and to act in ways which produce satisfaction in that world , and not just in the mental world .

The development of science and education has done something similar in the development of mankind , and is more successful than religions in providing real gains in the external world , because its image of the external world is more accurate than those which are based on religious notions .
the development of science and education has done something similar in the development of mankind , and is more successful than religions in providing real gains in the [outside] world , because its image of the [outside] world is more accurate than those which are based on religious notions .

The concept of narcissism had been developed , in part , through work with patients who seemed to withdraw all their libido into themselves , and had no interest in any things or people in the external world .
the concept of narcissism had been developed , in part , through work with patients who seemed to withdraw all their libido into themselves , and had no interest in any things or people in the [outside] world .

It can become linked with the sexual instincts , and turned on to external , loved objects .
it can become linked with the sexual instincts , and turned on to [outside] , loved objects .

The reality principle remains concerned with adjusting the organism to external reality .
the reality principle remains concerned with adjusting the organism to [outside] reality .

The death instincts provide what might be termed the ‘ negative energy ’ that is used in the compulsion to repeat unpleasant experiences , which is a masochistic use of primal , sadistic impulses which take the ego as object , rather than an external object .
the death instincts provide what might be termed the ‘ negative energy ’ that is used in the compulsion to repeat unpleasant experiences , which is a masochistic use of primal , sadistic impulses which take the ego as object , rather than an [outside] object .

There are three main sources of unhappiness : the human body and its illnesses ; external nature and its independent power ; and the inadequacy of the way human relations are experienced in the state , the family and society generally .
there are three main sources of unhappiness : the human body and its illnesses ; [outside] nature and its independent power ; and the inadequacy of the way human relations are experienced in the state , the family and society generally .

External bodies such as the National Council for Vocational Qualifications and the Health and Safety Executive are forcing through the increased professionalisation of the teaching and climbing and the rescuing of climbers .
[outside] bodies such as the national council for vocational qualifications and the health and safety executive are forcing through the increased professionalisation of the teaching and climbing and the rescuing of climbers .

The airport 's external marketing manager , John Williams , said the airport welcomed the news .
the airport 's [outside] marketing manager , john williams , said the airport welcomed the news .

The governor 's pay is set by the bank 's remuneration committee of external directors .
the governor 's pay is set by the bank 's remuneration committee of [outside] directors .

Walls are the surface upon which external cold clashes with internal warmth , the result — condensation and cold walls .
walls are the surface upon which [outside] cold clashes with internal warmth , the result — condensation and cold walls .

There will be a rolling maintenance programme of the external walls and roof to ensure they continue to be wind and watertight .
there will be a rolling maintenance programme of the [outside] walls and roof to ensure they continue to be wind and watertight .

while mounting into or dismounting from or travelling in any private motor car not belonging to the Policyholder or wife/husband and not hired to either under a hire purchase agreement bodily injury caused by violent accidental external and visible means the Corporation will pay to such injured person or to his or her legal personal representatives provided such injury shall solely and independently of any other cause result within three calendar months of the accident in
while mounting into or dismounting from or travelling in any private motor car not belonging to the policyholder or wife/husband and not hired to either under a hire purchase agreement bodily injury caused by violent accidental [outside] and visible means the corporation will pay to such injured person or to his or her legal personal representatives provided such injury shall solely and independently of any other cause result within three calendar months of the accident in

If the Policyholder or his driver or any occupant of any motor car described in the Schedule shall in direct connection with such motor car sustain any bodily injury by violent accidental external and visible means the Corporation will pay to the Policyholder the medical expenses in connection with such injury up to the sum of £50 in respect of each person injured .
if the policyholder or his driver or any occupant of any motor car described in the schedule shall in direct connection with such motor car sustain any bodily injury by violent accidental [outside] and visible means the corporation will pay to the policyholder the medical expenses in connection with such injury up to the sum of £50 in respect of each person injured .

1991 has seen many changes both external and internal ; some placed upon us by legislative bodies and the fluctuating state of the economy , others initiated from within in order to improve the working environment for all employees .
1991 has seen many changes both [outside] and internal ; some placed upon us by legislative bodies and the fluctuating state of the economy , others initiated from within in order to improve the working environment for all employees .

Simple processing of forms and documents for internal and external use .
simple processing of forms and documents for internal and [outside] use .

Internal and External Communication
internal and [outside] communication

The office as a centre for collecting and processing of information for internal and external use .
the office as a centre for collecting and processing of information for internal and [outside] use .

Simple processing of forms and documents for internal and external use .
simple processing of forms and documents for internal and [outside] use .

Internal and External Communication — spoken , written and electronic
internal and [outside] communication — spoken , written and electronic

The scheme is highly flexible in that no external examination is imposed at the end of the course and teachers are free to design the details of the courses .
the scheme is highly flexible in that no [outside] examination is imposed at the end of the course and teachers are free to design the details of the courses .

The environmentalists ' visit to Sullom Voe was hosted by external affairs superintendent Peter Guy , assistant superintendent ( pollution response ) Terry Mayes and environmental officer Ronnie Gallagher .
the environmentalists ' visit to sullom voe was hosted by [outside] affairs superintendent peter guy , assistant superintendent ( pollution response ) terry mayes and environmental officer ronnie gallagher .

to organise training for external assessors involved in 1988–9 pilots ;
to organise training for [outside] assessors involved in 1988–9 pilots ;

This was done not without trepidation , for the experience of preparing and presenting a proposal for external validation was new to the College and it was recognised that the development of the proposals , and subsequently of the course , in the very limited time scale necessitated by the speed of the Programme , would create major workload problems .
this was done not without trepidation , for the experience of preparing and presenting a proposal for [outside] validation was new to the college and it was recognised that the development of the proposals , and subsequently of the course , in the very limited time scale necessitated by the speed of the programme , would create major workload problems .

The new Validated Courses Section has now been established and first among its priorities is the appointment and training of External Course Assessors for running the Pilot Courses in 1988–89 .
the new validated courses section has now been established and first among its priorities is the appointment and training of [outside] course assessors for running the pilot courses in 1988–89 .

External Course Assessors nominated by Colleges offering pilot courses are presently being contacted by the Section and the first training sessions will be held on 23 and 24 February .
[outside] course assessors nominated by colleges offering pilot courses are presently being contacted by the section and the first training sessions will be held on 23 and 24 february .

Participants were led through a series of ‘ real life ’ situations , which might be expected to arise during validation , by group leaders experienced in external validation .
participants were led through a series of ‘ real life ’ situations , which might be expected to arise during validation , by group leaders experienced in [outside] validation .

Working with the External Course Assessor
working with the [outside] course assessor

The work of the external course verifiers ( now called external verifiers ) was well-received .
the work of the [outside] course verifiers ( now called [outside] verifiers ) was well-received .

In achieving these results , the college acknowledges the benefits of working in partnership with several external agencies . The college has attracted funding from programmes such as :
in achieving these results , the college acknowledges the benefits of working in partnership with several [outside] agencies . the college has attracted funding from programmes such as :

In addition to the traditional courses , the Testing Services Section operates a number of exams on contract to external clients and , in a few cases , exams linked to National Certificate Modules or programmes .
in addition to the traditional courses , the testing services section operates a number of exams on contract to [outside] clients and , in a few cases , exams linked to national certificate modules or programmes .

appropriate evidence of assessment is available for the external verifier .
appropriate evidence of assessment is available for the [outside] verifier .

External Verification
[outside] verification

The system of external verification will ensure that :
the system of [outside] verification will ensure that :

analyse , where available , reports of external verification of awards offered by the centre ;
analyse , where available , reports of [outside] verification of awards offered by the centre ;

External Verification
[outside] verification

external verification
[outside] verification

External verification : the harmonised approach
[outside] verification : the harmonised approach

We hope that the new external verification procedures incorporate the best features of the old systems and , in addition , offer a harmonised approach which centres will find helpful .
we hope that the new [outside] verification procedures incorporate the best features of the old systems and , in addition , offer a harmonised approach which centres will find helpful .

The strength of the previous external verification arrangements lay in the expertise and the flexibility of the three teams of external verifiers .
the strength of the previous [outside] verification arrangements lay in the expertise and the flexibility of the three teams of [outside] verifiers .

Together , external verifiers and systems verifiers can ensure that a flexible and centre-focused quality assurance service is available to centres while verification of national standards is maintained .
together , [outside] verifiers and systems verifiers can ensure that a flexible and centre-focused quality assurance service is available to centres while verification of national standards is maintained .

Since the arrival of the National standards for assessment and verification , it has been our intention to find ways of achieving certificates for our team of external verifiers .
since the arrival of the national standards for assessment and verification , it has been our intention to find ways of achieving certificates for our team of [outside] verifiers .

All of the external verifiers selected to participate in the pilot have been through our induction training and have considerable experience in external verification .
all of the [outside] verifiers selected to participate in the pilot have been through our induction training and have considerable experience in [outside] verification .

China division personnel executive Mike Foster said : ‘ The policy informs employees who feel they have a drink problem of the opportunity to attend special counselling sessions with an external agency .
china division personnel executive mike foster said : ‘ the policy informs employees who feel they have a drink problem of the opportunity to attend special counselling sessions with an [outside] agency .

The wording provides a wide comprehensive cover and unless the claim presented is ruled out by one of the Policy Exceptions ( discussed below ) or is not due to an external accident or fortuity then every consideration should be given for settlement of the claim .
the wording provides a wide comprehensive cover and unless the claim presented is ruled out by one of the policy exceptions ( discussed below ) or is not due to an [outside] accident or fortuity then every consideration should be given for settlement of the claim .

The wording provides a wide comprehensive cover and unless the claim presented is ruled out by one of the Policy Exceptions ( discussed below ) or is not due to an external accident or fortuity then every consideration should be given for settlement of the claim .
the wording provides a wide comprehensive cover and unless the claim presented is ruled out by one of the policy exceptions ( discussed below ) or is not due to an [outside] accident or fortuity then every consideration should be given for settlement of the claim .

This improvement was achieved despite losses on Hurricane ‘ Andrew ’ totalling $ 65m net of external reinsurance , $ 20m of which came in the final quarter .
this improvement was achieved despite losses on hurricane ‘ andrew ’ totalling $ 65m net of [outside] reinsurance , $ 20m of which came in the final quarter .

This section is amended as follows : General Accident will pay the cost of replacing keys and locks for external doors , safes and alarms where the keys of such locks have been lost or stolen No Special Exclusions ( But see General Exclusions on Page 30 ) The Limit of the amount payable under this section is $500 .
this section is amended as follows : general accident will pay the cost of replacing keys and locks for [outside] doors , safes and alarms where the keys of such locks have been lost or stolen no special exclusions ( but see general exclusions on page 30 ) the limit of the amount payable under this section is $500 .

Where cover is arranged for ‘ All Risks ’ in respect of personal effects and clothing the policy will automatically cover the cost of replacing and fitting of locks of external doors of the dwelling following loss of keys by stealing for a limit of £250 .
where cover is arranged for ‘ all risks ’ in respect of personal effects and clothing the policy will automatically cover the cost of replacing and fitting of locks of [outside] doors of the dwelling following loss of keys by stealing for a limit of £250 .

External locks , doors and windows
[outside] locks , doors and windows

In the autumn a number of payroll systems were evaluated and one of these was selected to replace the current external bureau system processing staff salaries .
in the autumn a number of payroll systems were evaluated and one of these was selected to replace the current [outside] bureau system processing staff salaries .

Do schools make the best use of external agencies ? Could they liaise more with external agencies to develop a co-ordinated programme which makes the best use of their respective strengths ?
do schools make the best use of [outside] agencies ? could they liaise more with [outside] agencies to develop a co-ordinated programme which makes the best use of their respective strengths ?

In the document , it explores its perceptions of the public 's expectations of the reassurances provided by external audits and of the independence , accountability and legal liability of external auditors .
in the document , it explores its perceptions of the public 's expectations of the reassurances provided by [outside] audits and of the independence , accountability and legal liability of [outside] auditors .

The committee believes that the public expects external audits to have a role in protecting the interests of shareholders , creditors , pensioners , employees and the public generally by providing them with reassurances that :
the committee believes that the public expects [outside] audits to have a role in protecting the interests of shareholders , creditors , pensioners , employees and the public generally by providing them with reassurances that :

In the discussion document , the committee gives its opinion on the extent to which the provision of these reassurances is the responsibility of boards of directors , the extent to which it is the responsibility of external auditors and the extent to which these reassurances can not be provided by either boards of directors or external auditors .
in the discussion document , the committee gives its opinion on the extent to which the provision of these reassurances is the responsibility of boards of directors , the extent to which it is the responsibility of [outside] auditors and the extent to which these reassurances can not be provided by either boards of directors or [outside] auditors .

The committee also explores what it believes to be the public 's expectations in regard to the independence , accountability and legal liability of external auditors within the present corporate governance framework .
the committee also explores what it believes to be the public 's expectations in regard to the independence , accountability and legal liability of [outside] auditors within the present corporate governance framework .

Within that framework the committee believes that it is not clear , firstly , whether external auditors are independent of the directors of the companies they audit , secondly , whether external auditors should be accountable to a wide range of stakeholders or only to primary stakeholders , and , thirdly , for what and to whom external auditors are financially liable if they fail in any of their duties .
within that framework the committee believes that it is not clear , firstly , whether [outside] auditors are independent of the directors of the companies they audit , secondly , whether [outside] auditors should be accountable to a wide range of stakeholders or only to primary stakeholders , and , thirdly , for what and to whom [outside] auditors are financially liable if they fail in any of their duties .

Furthermore , external auditors are left with a very difficult decision as to whether they should report to a third party if they suspect the directors of a company are involved in fraud or other illegal activities .
furthermore , [outside] auditors are left with a very difficult decision as to whether they should report to a third party if they suspect the directors of a company are involved in fraud or other illegal activities .

If each listed company has a strong team of internal auditors much of the detailed work in today 's external audit will have been done by them .
if each listed company has a strong team of internal auditors much of the detailed work in today 's [outside] audit will have been done by them .

For this reason a change of name is proposed from external auditors to external assessors .
for this reason a change of name is proposed from [outside] auditors to [outside] assessors .

It is envisaged that a large proportion of the work of the external assessors will be judgmental in nature .
it is envisaged that a large proportion of the work of the [outside] assessors will be judgmental in nature .

The external assessors would have responsibility for reporting their opinion of whether a board of directors had fulfilled for stewardship responsibilities outlined in the first proposal listed here .
the [outside] assessors would have responsibility for reporting their opinion of whether a board of directors had fulfilled for stewardship responsibilities outlined in the first proposal listed here .

To heighten the sense of commitment of the partner in charge of the external assessment , the assessors ' report should be signed in his or her own name on behalf of the firm of external assessors .
to heighten the sense of commitment of the partner in charge of the [outside] assessment , the assessors ' report should be signed in his or her own name on behalf of the firm of [outside] assessors .

To ensure that the external assessors are independent of , and are clearly seen as being independent of , the directors of the companies they assess , an audit review panel should take responsibility for the appointment , and the termination of the appointment , of the external assessors .
to ensure that the [outside] assessors are independent of , and are clearly seen as being independent of , the directors of the companies they assess , an audit review panel should take responsibility for the appointment , and the termination of the appointment , of the [outside] assessors .

The panel would have responsibility for counselling the external assessors on whether they should report to a third party when they suspect that the directors of a company are involved in fraud or other illegal activities .
the panel would have responsibility for counselling the [outside] assessors on whether they should report to a third party when they suspect that the directors of a company are involved in fraud or other illegal activities .

The external assessors should be financially liable only to the shareholders and only for damages that reflect the assessors ' degree of fault .
the [outside] assessors should be financially liable only to the shareholders and only for damages that reflect the assessors ' degree of fault .

The first , obvious area was in the redistribution of workload between internal auditors and what would be the external assessors .
the first , obvious area was in the redistribution of workload between internal auditors and what would be the [outside] assessors .

‘ Our internal auditors already work closely with the external auditors , ’ said , still acting finance director for Scottish Power having also been promoted to chief operating officer , electricity supply .
‘ our internal auditors already work closely with the [outside] auditors , ’ said , still acting finance director for scottish power having also been promoted to chief operating officer , electricity supply .

‘ From a practical point of view , they are still dependent on their company for career progression and can not have the independence an external auditor would have nor would they necessarily have the technical expertise if they conducted a statutory audit only once a year .
‘ from a practical point of view , they are still dependent on their company for career progression and can not have the independence an [outside] auditor would have nor would they necessarily have the technical expertise if they conducted a statutory audit only once a year .

‘ The sort of judgmental work that the study suggests the external assessor will do will be of a much higher standard requiring people at no less than partner or senior manager level .
‘ the sort of judgmental work that the study suggests the [outside] assessor will do will be of a much higher standard requiring people at no less than partner or senior manager level .

For , ‘ trust between a company and its external auditors is very important and interposing another committee between them will only make the relationship fraught ’ .
for , ‘ trust between a company and its [outside] auditors is very important and interposing another committee between them will only make the relationship fraught ’ .

However , as we shall see , we do have firmer evidence to suggest that non-enrollers are more affected by external barriers such as financial and personal circumstances .
however , as we shall see , we do have firmer evidence to suggest that non-enrollers are more affected by [outside] barriers such as financial and personal circumstances .

In these latter cases , the guaranteed payment against the countersigned bill of exchange is made by reference to a measurable and external act such as , for example , completion and authentication of shipping documents .
in these latter cases , the guaranteed payment against the countersigned bill of exchange is made by reference to a measurable and [outside] act such as , for example , completion and authentication of shipping documents .

The most notable external development in 1991–92 was the Agreement of Association signed in the Autumn of 1991 with Inverness College .
the most notable [outside] development in 1991–92 was the agreement of association signed in the autumn of 1991 with inverness college .

Unfortunately , as Ian Harper reveals in Personal Finance , that too places unconscionable constraints on those companies that wish to grow and more may be forced to follow Scottish Equitable 's example of doing a deal with a big external investor , if not go for wholesale demutualisation .
unfortunately , as ian harper reveals in personal finance , that too places unconscionable constraints on those companies that wish to grow and more may be forced to follow scottish equitable 's example of doing a deal with a big [outside] investor , if not go for wholesale demutualisation .

The programme offers external counselling and advice to staff and their households on a whole range of issues , from financial and legal worries to marital problems , relationship difficulties , career problems and substance abuse , as well as health concerns .
the programme offers [outside] counselling and advice to staff and their households on a whole range of issues , from financial and legal worries to marital problems , relationship difficulties , career problems and substance abuse , as well as health concerns .

Where appropriate , training targets are linked to achieving external standards , and particularly to National Vocational Qualifications ( or Scottish Vocational Qualifications in Scotland ) and units .
where appropriate , training targets are linked to achieving [outside] standards , and particularly to national vocational qualifications ( or scottish vocational qualifications in scotland ) and units .

Mike Fogden has appointed an Advisory Group of external people .
mike fogden has appointed an advisory group of [outside] people .

Investment in effective and cost-effective internal and external communications is important to all who practise them , whether in the public , private or voluntary sector .
investment in effective and cost-effective internal and [outside] communications is important to all who practise them , whether in the public , private or voluntary sector .

The ‘ boundary ’ role of public relations — at the interface between an organisation and its internal and external publics — suggests that an understanding of communication will be a key element in the practitioners portfolio of management skills .
the ‘ boundary ’ role of public relations — at the interface between an organisation and its internal and [outside] publics — suggests that an understanding of communication will be a key element in the practitioners portfolio of management skills .

Looking at the Support Services this would include Typing , Office Administration , Training Officers , External Collection and Enquiry Officers and the Mail Room .
looking at the support services this would include typing , office administration , training officers , [outside] collection and enquiry officers and the mail room .

In being ambitious in specific spheres men in the external world have only limited pleasures whereas if one embraces the whole of nature more can be enjoyed .
in being ambitious in specific spheres men in the [outside] world have only limited pleasures whereas if one embraces the whole of nature more can be enjoyed .

Whilst doing this Marvell can live in his own world which has no connection with anything external or real at all .
whilst doing this marvell can live in his own world which has no connection with anything [outside] or real at all .

Mary Tyrone , perhaps the central character of the play but certainly not the sole source of discord , is a fading beauty trying to find solace from the harsh realities of the external world and internal torment in steeping herself in lost ideals and numbing herself with drugs .
mary tyrone , perhaps the central character of the play but certainly not the sole source of discord , is a fading beauty trying to find solace from the harsh realities of the [outside] world and internal torment in steeping herself in lost ideals and numbing herself with drugs .

His external sensors seemed to be partially operable .
his [outside] sensors seemed to be partially operable .

Its research reputation is also strongly reflected in its success in attracting substantial external support , placing it in the top handful of British research universities .
its research reputation is also strongly reflected in its success in attracting substantial [outside] support , placing it in the top handful of british research universities .

The Faculty 's commitment to excellence is evidenced by the outstanding research record of many of its staff and departments and has been recognised by the receipt of research funding from many external bodies .
the faculty 's commitment to excellence is evidenced by the outstanding research record of many of its staff and departments and has been recognised by the receipt of research funding from many [outside] bodies .

The research is supported by grants from many external sources , e.g .
the research is supported by grants from many [outside] sources , e.g .

The Council 's agendas for the late 1960s were preoccupied not only with the validation procedure and its outcomes , but also with relations with the University of London and its external degree , and with the binary policy , teacher education and the Council 's committee and board sub-structure and operation . The Council 's name , as we have seen , was another preoccupation , and in 1968 , while the issue was still a live one , members were asked to submit suggestions , and the following were made , either at a meeting or in writing :
the council 's agendas for the late 1960s were preoccupied not only with the validation procedure and its outcomes , but also with relations with the university of london and its [outside] degree , and with the binary policy , teacher education and the council 's committee and board sub-structure and operation . the council 's name , as we have seen , was another preoccupation , and in 1968 , while the issue was still a live one , members were asked to submit suggestions , and the following were made , either at a meeting or in writing :

Council was doubtful , however , if a system of internal validition could ever be a complete substitute for a system of external validation ’ .
council was doubtful , however , if a system of internal validition could ever be a complete substitute for a system of [outside] validation ’ .

Alternatively , there continued to be ‘ grassroots ’ feelings that in spite of the hazards of peer review through external validation , the process was more palatable in some subject areas than the hazards within institutions .
alternatively , there continued to be ‘ grassroots ’ feelings that in spite of the hazards of peer review through [outside] validation , the process was more palatable in some subject areas than the hazards within institutions .

For , as we shall see , it is a remarkable and essential transformation , one which occurred at the beginning of human culture but which , in some subsequent cultures — possibly even in the modern world — could undergo retransformation back again into what it originally had been — an external tyranny .
for , as we shall see , it is a remarkable and essential transformation , one which occurred at the beginning of human culture but which , in some subsequent cultures — possibly even in the modern world — could undergo retransformation back again into what it originally had been — an [outside] tyranny .

The question really is this : how does external coercion and imposed altruism become internal self-control and restraint ?
the question really is this : how does [outside] coercion and imposed altruism become internal self-control and restraint ?

Identification is a process which occurs when the ego , in part abandoning its awareness of itself as a separate entity , equates itself , or some aspect of itself , with some external thing .
identification is a process which occurs when the ego , in part abandoning its awareness of itself as a separate entity , equates itself , or some aspect of itself , with some [outside] thing .

In the case which we are examining , that external thing was the dominant male member of the reproductive group of the foraging hominids — Freud 's primal father .
in the case which we are examining , that [outside] thing was the dominant male member of the reproductive group of the foraging hominids — freud 's primal father .

It is in keeping with the course of human development that external coercion gradually becomes internalized : for a special mental agency , man 's superego , takes it over and includes it among its commandments .
it is in keeping with the course of human development that [outside] coercion gradually becomes internalized : for a special mental agency , man 's superego , takes it over and includes it among its commandments .

The greater their number is in a cultural unit the more secure is its culture and the more it can dispense with external measures of coercion .
the greater their number is in a cultural unit the more secure is its culture and the more it can dispense with [outside] measures of coercion .

Whereas in the past such external supports of the superego might have been strong enough to compensate at least in part for faulty superego development as a result of difficulties at the phallic-Oedipal stage and might have contributed to the unresolved Oedipal conflict expressing itself as a typical hysteria or obsessional neurosis , today , because such supports are in large part lacking , the outcome is not likely to be the same .
whereas in the past such [outside] supports of the superego might have been strong enough to compensate at least in part for faulty superego development as a result of difficulties at the phallic-oedipal stage and might have contributed to the unresolved oedipal conflict expressing itself as a typical hysteria or obsessional neurosis , today , because such supports are in large part lacking , the outcome is not likely to be the same .

All this was a direct and ineluctable consequence of the fact that the ego which fails to mature and master its drives must either be mastered by them or have them mastered on its behalf by some external force .
all this was a direct and ineluctable consequence of the fact that the ego which fails to mature and master its drives must either be mastered by them or have them mastered on its behalf by some [outside] force .

If the former can not be allowed to happen because this spells an end to society , then external coercion must come to replace internal restraint ; and drives which can not be inhibited and redirected by the ego and superego must instead be mastered by agencies of social control .
if the former can not be allowed to happen because this spells an end to society , then [outside] coercion must come to replace internal restraint ; and drives which can not be inhibited and redirected by the ego and superego must instead be mastered by agencies of social control .

In most of the provinces … the natives used to copy one another so effectively that they could be looked upon as all identical … The Indians , like children , differed from one another more in external appearance than by virtue of distinctive personal qualities .
in most of the provinces … the natives used to copy one another so effectively that they could be looked upon as all identical … the indians , like children , differed from one another more in [outside] appearance than by virtue of distinctive personal qualities .

The loss of dignity , individuality , initiative , decisiveness and independence which nearly all the observers report of the Peruvians is the consequence of ego-degradation and replacement of the superego by the external coercion of the state .
the loss of dignity , individuality , initiative , decisiveness and independence which nearly all the observers report of the peruvians is the consequence of ego-degradation and replacement of the superego by the [outside] coercion of the state .

Thus whereas mastery of the instinctual drives builds the ego and raises its level of self-esteem and competence , its individuality and its initiative , external control of those drives has the opposite effect , reducing the self-esteem , competence , initiative and individuality of the ego to the point where it almost disappears altogether .
thus whereas mastery of the instinctual drives builds the ego and raises its level of self-esteem and competence , its individuality and its initiative , [outside] control of those drives has the opposite effect , reducing the self-esteem , competence , initiative and individuality of the ego to the point where it almost disappears altogether .

This external punishment of , and reduction in , the ego exactly parallels the internal punitive and self-depreciating tendencies found in clinical depression and , to a much lesser extent , in normal mourning .
this [outside] punishment of , and reduction in , the ego exactly parallels the internal punitive and self-depreciating tendencies found in clinical depression and , to a much lesser extent , in normal mourning .

The fact is that an externalized conflict with a psychopathic origin can be confused all too easily with a genuinely external one .
the fact is that an externalized conflict with a psychopathic origin can be confused all too easily with a genuinely [outside] one .

Internalization only followed as a consequence of that external conflict once the sons began to internalize the primal father through chronically ambivalent , guilt-ridden mourning for him .
internalization only followed as a consequence of that [outside] conflict once the sons began to internalize the primal father through chronically ambivalent , guilt-ridden mourning for him .

An externalization — or , perhaps we should more strictly say , a de-internalization — or dependency on the breast produces some external dependency which , if it does not manifest itself with regard to food , is likely to do so in an even more undesirable way with regard to addictive drugs or alcohol .
an externalization — or , perhaps we should more strictly say , a de-internalization — or dependency on the breast produces some [outside] dependency which , if it does not manifest itself with regard to food , is likely to do so in an even more undesirable way with regard to addictive drugs or alcohol .

While not doubting the pharmacological dimension to drug-addiction , it is nevertheless true to say that in many cases this is only an external consequence of an existing internal dependency which is just as addictive , even though repressed .
while not doubting the pharmacological dimension to drug-addiction , it is nevertheless true to say that in many cases this is only an [outside] consequence of an existing internal dependency which is just as addictive , even though repressed .

Commercial firms , especially those concerned with pharmacological and nutritional products , employ a limited number of veterinary advisers both in this country and overseas ; and there are opportunities for giving technical assistance to developing countries under the auspices of either the Overseas Development Administration or one of the United Nations external aid agencies .
commercial firms , especially those concerned with pharmacological and nutritional products , employ a limited number of veterinary advisers both in this country and overseas ; and there are opportunities for giving technical assistance to developing countries under the auspices of either the overseas development administration or one of the united nations [outside] aid agencies .

An ability to mobilize external support is only one asset ( and one which varies in significance from one political system to another ) .
an ability to mobilize [outside] support is only one asset ( and one which varies in significance from one political system to another ) .

There is the need to protect the state against internal and external subversion .
there is the need to protect the state against internal and [outside] subversion .

The creation of a ‘ front ’ without sharing power may suffice to secure an agency 's legitimacy and respectability , but it may be necessary to share power and so succumb to external pressures .
the creation of a ‘ front ’ without sharing power may suffice to secure an agency 's legitimacy and respectability , but it may be necessary to share power and so succumb to [outside] pressures .

As Selznick recognized , the desire to incorporate and absorb external opposition creates a dilemma for an organization that wishes to preserve its autonomy .
as selznick recognized , the desire to incorporate and absorb [outside] opposition creates a dilemma for an organization that wishes to preserve its autonomy .

Hierarchy simply served to protect the incompetent and the officious from external control through the mutual support of superiors and subordinates .
hierarchy simply served to protect the incompetent and the officious from [outside] control through the mutual support of superiors and subordinates .

Objectives and decisions were internally generated rather than responding to external political pressures .
objectives and decisions were internally generated rather than responding to [outside] political pressures .

The bureaucracy became vulnerable to conflicting external pressures in its new ‘ instrumental ’ role .
the bureaucracy became vulnerable to conflicting [outside] pressures in its new ‘ instrumental ’ role .

Linkages with society include the bases of recruitment of organizational elites ; the limits which external interests impose on the operations of an organization ; the power of external forces to control the flow of resources into an organization ; membership of social classes , racial groups , ethnic groups and gender groups on the part of organizational participants ; and institutionalized professionalism .
linkages with society include the bases of recruitment of organizational elites ; the limits which [outside] interests impose on the operations of an organization ; the power of [outside] forces to control the flow of resources into an organization ; membership of social classes , racial groups , ethnic groups and gender groups on the part of organizational participants ; and institutionalized professionalism .

The key issues are what bureaucrats maximize and how external conditions of cost and demand affect bureaucratic behaviour .
the key issues are what bureaucrats maximize and how [outside] conditions of cost and demand affect bureaucratic behaviour .

As people get older , their bodies often become less able to maintain a constant temperature , and at the same time grow less sensitive to changes in external temperature .
as people get older , their bodies often become less able to maintain a constant temperature , and at the same time grow less sensitive to changes in [outside] temperature .

Between 1970 and 1986 the Ivory Coast , often regarded as one of Africa 's success stories , more than tripled its cereals imports , its external debt rose more than thirty-fold , and food production per capita barely kept up with population growth ( World Bank , 1988 , Tables ) .
between 1970 and 1986 the ivory coast , often regarded as one of africa 's success stories , more than tripled its cereals imports , its [outside] debt rose more than thirty-fold , and food production per capita barely kept up with population growth ( world bank , 1988 , tables ) .

With the subject in the left lateral position and the hips flexed to 90° , a polyvinyl , seven lumen manometric probe with an external diameter of 4 mm was inserted into the rectum so that the manometric side holes were situated 0.5 , 1.0 , 2.0 , 15 , and 18 cm from the anal verge .
with the subject in the left lateral position and the hips flexed to 90° , a polyvinyl , seven lumen manometric probe with an [outside] diameter of 4 mm was inserted into the rectum so that the manometric side holes were situated 0.5 , 1.0 , 2.0 , 15 , and 18 cm from the anal verge .

The electrical activities of the internal and external anal sphincters were recorded using bipolar electrodes , consisting of two trimel coated wires ( diameter=0.025 mm ) with their ends bared , hooked and offset to avoid electrical contact .
the electrical activities of the internal and [outside] anal sphincters were recorded using bipolar electrodes , consisting of two trimel coated wires ( diameter=0.025 mm ) with their ends bared , hooked and offset to avoid electrical contact .

In al of the patients and 50 % of the control subjects , one pair of electrodes was inserted through the perianal skin into the superficial external anal sphincter and another pair was inserted through the anal epithelium into the internal anal sphincter .
in al of the patients and 50 % of the control subjects , one pair of electrodes was inserted through the perianal skin into the superficial [outside] anal sphincter and another pair was inserted through the anal epithelium into the internal anal sphincter .

The presence or absence of increases in anal pressures and external sphincter electromyographic activity during a maximum squeeze , straining ‘ as if to defecate ’ , and forcibly expiring against a fixed resistance ( blowing up a party balloon ) were noted , and where relevant the responses quantified .
the presence or absence of increases in anal pressures and [outside] sphincter electromyographic activity during a maximum squeeze , straining ‘ as if to defecate ’ , and forcibly expiring against a fixed resistance ( blowing up a party balloon ) were noted , and where relevant the responses quantified .

( 3 ) The occurrence and duration of external anal sphincter activity during rectal distension .
( 3 ) the occurrence and duration of [outside] anal sphincter activity during rectal distension .

In all control and spinal patients studied , there was an initial increase in external anal sphincter electromyographic activity on insertion of the anorectal tube which then declined in concert with the anal pressure to reach a stable baseline .
in all control and spinal patients studied , there was an initial increase in [outside] anal sphincter electromyographic activity on insertion of the anorectal tube which then declined in concert with the anal pressure to reach a stable baseline .

Rectal contractions were associated with prolonged increases in external anal sphincter activity and anal pressure in all normal subjects .
rectal contractions were associated with prolonged increases in [outside] anal sphincter activity and anal pressure in all normal subjects .

In 17 of the spinal injury patients ( 74 % ) the external anal sphincter activity was either absent or much attenuated ( p < 0.0001 compared with that in normal subjects ) .
in 17 of the spinal injury patients ( 74 % ) the [outside] anal sphincter activity was either absent or much attenuated ( p < 0.0001 compared with that in normal subjects ) .

External anal sphincter responses
[outside] anal sphincter responses

The external anal sphincter responses to intermittent rectal distension were noticeably attenuated in spinal patients compared with normal subjects .
the [outside] anal sphincter responses to intermittent rectal distension were noticeably attenuated in spinal patients compared with normal subjects .

In spinal patients , rectal distension caused an immediate increase in external anal sphincter activity , which never lasted longer than 10 seconds ( Fig 6 ) .
in spinal patients , rectal distension caused an immediate increase in [outside] anal sphincter activity , which never lasted longer than 10 seconds ( fig 6 ) .

In normal subjects , the duration of the external anal sphincter response was closely related to the duration of rectal contraction and the duration of rectal sensation and increased as the distending volume increased .
in normal subjects , the duration of the [outside] anal sphincter response was closely related to the duration of rectal contraction and the duration of rectal sensation and increased as the distending volume increased .

In normal subjects , rectal distension at lower volumes induced an initial pressure rise followed by a plateau , but at higher distending volumes ( > 60 ml ) two normal subjects showed repetitive rectal contractions that were compensated for by increased external anal sphincter activity ( Fig 7 ) .
in normal subjects , rectal distension at lower volumes induced an initial pressure rise followed by a plateau , but at higher distending volumes ( > 60 ml ) two normal subjects showed repetitive rectal contractions that were compensated for by increased [outside] anal sphincter activity ( fig 7 ) .

The absence of both voluntary contraction of the external sphincter and rectal sensation confirms that patients with complete supraconal lesions lose conscious control of sphincter activity .
the absence of both voluntary contraction of the [outside] sphincter and rectal sensation confirms that patients with complete supraconal lesions lose conscious control of sphincter activity .

Increases in intra-abdominal pressure induced by inflating a balloon by mouth normally generate a compensatory increase in external anal sphincter activity that enhances the anal pressure barrier and maintains continence .
increases in intra-abdominal pressure induced by inflating a balloon by mouth normally generate a compensatory increase in [outside] anal sphincter activity that enhances the anal pressure barrier and maintains continence .

This response is attenuated in patients with supraconal lesions , and is very strongly linked to the increase in intra-abdominal pressure ; the higher the lesion , the lower the intra-abdominal pressure generated , and the lower the external anal sphincter response .
this response is attenuated in patients with supraconal lesions , and is very strongly linked to the increase in intra-abdominal pressure ; the higher the lesion , the lower the intra-abdominal pressure generated , and the lower the [outside] anal sphincter response .

Similar observations were made by Melzak and Porter who showed that the external sphincter contractile response to a cough was greater , the lower the lesion .
similar observations were made by melzak and porter who showed that the [outside] sphincter contractile response to a cough was greater , the lower the lesion .

Defecation requires the cortical inhibition of the external sphincter contraction in response to increases in intra-abdominal pressure .
defecation requires the cortical inhibition of the [outside] sphincter contraction in response to increases in intra-abdominal pressure .

This may explain the biphasic external anal sphincter pressure response when some normal subjects strain ‘ as if to defecate ’ .
this may explain the biphasic [outside] anal sphincter pressure response when some normal subjects strain ‘ as if to defecate ’ .

None of our patients with supraconal lesions showed inhibition of the external anal sphincter when straining , confirming the importance of descending inhibitory pathways to facilitate defecation in normal subjects .
none of our patients with supraconal lesions showed inhibition of the [outside] anal sphincter when straining , confirming the importance of descending inhibitory pathways to facilitate defecation in normal subjects .

The external anal sphincter response to rectal distension is very closely associated with both rectal sensation and rectal contraction in normal subjects , and presumably acts to prevent soiling .
the [outside] anal sphincter response to rectal distension is very closely associated with both rectal sensation and rectal contraction in normal subjects , and presumably acts to prevent soiling .

These observations support previous conclusions that the external anal sphincter response to rectal distension is a spinal reflex , that has become extensively modulated by conscious mechanisms .
these observations support previous conclusions that the [outside] anal sphincter response to rectal distension is a spinal reflex , that has become extensively modulated by conscious mechanisms .

Since imaging can not accurately predict the aetiology of a biliary stricture it is illogical to base treatment on external imaging alone and most patients then undergo either endoscopic or percutaneous cholangiography .
since imaging can not accurately predict the aetiology of a biliary stricture it is illogical to base treatment on [outside] imaging alone and most patients then undergo either endoscopic or percutaneous cholangiography .

External imaging ( ultrasound or computed tomography ) and cholangiography can not , however , differentiate benign from malignant biliary strictures .
[outside] imaging ( ultrasound or computed tomography ) and cholangiography can not , however , differentiate benign from malignant biliary strictures .

The balloons located in the upper and lower anal canal reflect the activity of the internal and the external sphincter , respectively .
the balloons located in the upper and lower anal canal reflect the activity of the internal and the [outside] sphincter , respectively .

Patients received a full explanation of the relevance of the external sphincter in controlling anorectal functioning before starting biofeedback .
patients received a full explanation of the relevance of the [outside] sphincter in controlling anorectal functioning before starting biofeedback .

Patients were trained in increasing strength and duration of external anal sphincter contractions in response to rectal distension .
patients were trained in increasing strength and duration of [outside] anal sphincter contractions in response to rectal distension .

The first session of biofeedback conditioning was associated with an improvement in external anal sphincter function in all subjects .
the first session of biofeedback conditioning was associated with an improvement in [outside] anal sphincter function in all subjects .

The good responders showed a persistent improvement in external anal sphincter function , while in the poor responders it had reverted to prebiofeedback values .
the good responders showed a persistent improvement in [outside] anal sphincter function , while in the poor responders it had reverted to prebiofeedback values .

Training was associated with normalisation of external anal sphincter phasic contraction and with an increase in squeeze duration in all patients .
training was associated with normalisation of [outside] anal sphincter phasic contraction and with an increase in squeeze duration in all patients .

As a matter of fact , a clinical benefit was seen even with an occasionally decreased amplitude in external sphincter contraction when improvement in squeeze duration was achieved ( Fig 1 ) .
as a matter of fact , a clinical benefit was seen even with an occasionally decreased amplitude in [outside] sphincter contraction when improvement in squeeze duration was achieved ( fig 1 ) .

Thirteen patients ( seven men , six women ) age range 65–91 ( median 81 ) received additional external beam radiotherapy in an attempt to reduce the range of laser treatments required .
thirteen patients ( seven men , six women ) age range 65–91 ( median 81 ) received additional [outside] beam radiotherapy in an attempt to reduce the range of laser treatments required .

As noted earlier , internal trade is harder to document than external , but surviving evidence shows its variety .
as noted earlier , internal trade is harder to document than [outside] , but surviving evidence shows its variety .

When one turns from internal to external trade , one sees that some men at any rate recognized how important it was for England to control the sea . In the verse tract of the late 1430s , the Libelle of Englyshe Polycye , the anonymous author , whose sense of politics and economics was more evident than his talent for poetry , taking the design of the gold noble as his symbol , wrote :
when one turns from internal to [outside] trade , one sees that some men at any rate recognized how important it was for england to control the sea . in the verse tract of the late 1430s , the libelle of englyshe polycye , the anonymous author , whose sense of politics and economics was more evident than his talent for poetry , taking the design of the gold noble as his symbol , wrote :

External trade is better documented than internal .
[outside] trade is better documented than internal .

England 's external wars were fought principally in France , so most Englishmen had little direct experience of warfare , apart from those in the north , where relations with Scotland were always likely to break out into open hostility .
england 's [outside] wars were fought principally in france , so most englishmen had little direct experience of warfare , apart from those in the north , where relations with scotland were always likely to break out into open hostility .

This was exacerbated by the general unruliness of society , which was perhaps more deep-seated than further south , and although the emergence of the Neville and Percy families to a position of dominance in the region provided some barrier to external threats , their mutual rivalry was detrimental to local order and a potential threat to the economy of the area .
this was exacerbated by the general unruliness of society , which was perhaps more deep-seated than further south , and although the emergence of the neville and percy families to a position of dominance in the region provided some barrier to [outside] threats , their mutual rivalry was detrimental to local order and a potential threat to the economy of the area .

Most of the patients were soldiers and civilians with abdominal wounds or with limb injuries requiring amputation or external fixation .
most of the patients were soldiers and civilians with abdominal wounds or with limb injuries requiring amputation or [outside] fixation .

Answer guide : In general for external users the answer to this is the Annual Report or Accounts .
answer guide : in general for [outside] users the answer to this is the annual report or accounts .

External sources — government statistics , trade journals , financial press , databases , specialist agencies .
[outside] sources — government statistics , trade journals , financial press , databases , specialist agencies .

Although managers require up to date information they have access to more information on a day to day basis than external users .
although managers require up to date information they have access to more information on a day to day basis than [outside] users .

In recent years external users of accounting information have required from firms their internal management accounting information .
in recent years [outside] users of accounting information have required from firms their internal management accounting information .

Answer guide : Accrual accounting methods primarily evolved from the need to report historical events for internal and external users of accounting information .
answer guide : accrual accounting methods primarily evolved from the need to report historical events for internal and [outside] users of accounting information .

In such cases the cost of a resource includes the external ( purchase price ) and internal opportunity cost .
in such cases the cost of a resource includes the [outside] ( purchase price ) and internal opportunity cost .

Quality : If a firm makes a component rather than buys it from an external party it has greater control over the quality of the component .
quality : if a firm makes a component rather than buys it from an [outside] party it has greater control over the quality of the component .

The budget can therefore be usefully utilized as a control mechanism by management in the reporting of external results .
the budget can therefore be usefully utilized as a control mechanism by management in the reporting of [outside] results .

The printing works was a fairly modern concrete building with all the external charm of an army blockhouse , but the receptionist in the outer office was briskly efficient .
the printing works was a fairly modern concrete building with all the [outside] charm of an army blockhouse , but the receptionist in the outer office was briskly efficient .

It has already been noted that there may be external benefits for neighbouring localities as a result of any one jurisdiction 's expenditures .
it has already been noted that there may be [outside] benefits for neighbouring localities as a result of any one jurisdiction 's expenditures .

The fact that the spillovers are external benefits implies that the local authority responsible for such activity takes no account of it in its decision-making .
the fact that the spillovers are [outside] benefits implies that the local authority responsible for such activity takes no account of it in its decision-making .

at some future date it can be released internally or to an external client .
at some future date it can be released internally or to an [outside] client .

The client who receives the product can be any external source buying the software , or an in-house party .
the client who receives the product can be any [outside] source buying the software , or an in-house party .

As much background information and external references as are required to support the request ; in particular , references to Software Performance Reports ( see Section 7 of this manual for more information ) and other DCs .
as much background information and [outside] references as are required to support the request ; in particular , references to software performance reports ( see section 7 of this manual for more information ) and other dcs .

The term ‘ Product ’ will apply equally to subsystem packages approved and issued for use in the integration phase of a project and to the more familiar concept of a package supplied to an external customer .
the term ‘ product ’ will apply equally to subsystem packages approved and issued for use in the integration phase of a project and to the more familiar concept of a package supplied to an [outside] customer .

Any system or external software built into the emitted version must also be available .
any system or [outside] software built into the emitted version must also be available .

This must be done prior to creating issues of the product to clients ( either internal or external ) .
this must be done prior to creating issues of the product to clients ( either internal or [outside] ) .

The options under this index allow the manipulation of ‘ products ’ , packages of software which are intended for internal or external release to a ‘ client ’ .
the options under this index allow the manipulation of ‘ products ’ , packages of software which are intended for internal or [outside] release to a ‘ client ’ .

at some future date it can be released internally or to an external client .
at some future date it can be released internally or to an [outside] client .

The client who receives the product can be any external source buying the software , or an in-house party .
the client who receives the product can be any [outside] source buying the software , or an in-house party .

This traps a layer of moist air between stomata and external atmosphere , e.g .
this traps a layer of moist air between stomata and [outside] atmosphere , e.g .

The simplest form of transport system circulates the external watery medium .
the simplest form of transport system circulates the [outside] watery medium .

As a result , a function can be replaced by another , perhaps more efficient version , without changing the rest of the program as long as the external behaviour remains the same .
as a result , a function can be replaced by another , perhaps more efficient version , without changing the rest of the program as long as the [outside] behaviour remains the same .

decreasing external pressure
decreasing [outside] pressure

Boiling occurs when the vapour pressure of the liquid equals the external pressure .
boiling occurs when the vapour pressure of the liquid equals the [outside] pressure .

The boiling point of a liquid can be reduced by lowering the external pressure .
the boiling point of a liquid can be reduced by lowering the [outside] pressure .

Compared to gases and liquids , solids can withstand considerable external stress .
compared to gases and liquids , solids can withstand considerable [outside] stress .

In open vessels the internal pressure of the system equals the external pressure , which is , as we have seen , usually the atmospheric pressure .
in open vessels the internal pressure of the system equals the [outside] pressure , which is , as we have seen , usually the atmospheric pressure .

Although the bulk of production will be consumed by the group , there is still scope for external customers , a point he considers of special significance with the advent of 1992 and the potential of orders from Europe .
although the bulk of production will be consumed by the group , there is still scope for [outside] customers , a point he considers of special significance with the advent of 1992 and the potential of orders from europe .

Review of the current situation and external environment This review is a detailed , forward-looking exercise undertaken to understand an organization .
review of the current situation and [outside] environment this review is a detailed , forward-looking exercise undertaken to understand an organization .

One technique is to look at its strengths and weaknesses and the opportunities and threats it faces from the external environment .
one technique is to look at its strengths and weaknesses and the opportunities and threats it faces from the [outside] environment .

The opportunities and threats posed by the external environment should also be considered . How are they expected to change over time , for example , in relation to new developments , market conditions , competitors , new legislation , exchange rates and political risks ?
the opportunities and threats posed by the [outside] environment should also be considered . how are they expected to change over time , for example , in relation to new developments , market conditions , competitors , new legislation , exchange rates and political risks ?

external reporting to shareholders , government , and other outside parties , for use in shareholder investment decisions , tax calculations and a variety of other applications .
[outside] reporting to shareholders , government , and other outside parties , for use in shareholder investment decisions , tax calculations and a variety of other applications .

Management ( internal parties ) and external parties share an interest in these purposes but , as Table 2.1 shows , financial accounting and management accounting differ .
management ( internal parties ) and [outside] parties share an interest in these purposes but , as table 2.1 shows , financial accounting and management accounting differ .

Financial accounting has traditionally focused on the historical , stewardship aspects of external reporting , whereas management accounting involves the preparation , interpretation and communication of information to assist executives in fulfilling organizational objectives .
financial accounting has traditionally focused on the historical , stewardship aspects of [outside] reporting , whereas management accounting involves the preparation , interpretation and communication of information to assist executives in fulfilling organizational objectives .

identify and measure the assets held ( including those relating to incomplete transactions ) and summarize the sources of finance which are the external liabilities of the business and the interests of the owners
identify and measure the assets held ( including those relating to incomplete transactions ) and summarize the sources of finance which are the [outside] liabilities of the business and the interests of the owners

This chapter explains the nature and purpose of an audit , outlines the main features of an audit report , compares and contrasts internal and external auditing and describes a particular type of audit called a contract audit .
this chapter explains the nature and purpose of an audit , outlines the main features of an audit report , compares and contrasts internal and [outside] auditing and describes a particular type of audit called a contract audit .

This is known as an external audit .
this is known as an [outside] audit .

In the case of a company , external auditors are appointed by the members ( shareholders ) .
in the case of a company , [outside] auditors are appointed by the members ( shareholders ) .

The primary task of the external auditors is to report on the truth and fairness of the financial statements which are presented to the members at their annual general meeting .
the primary task of the [outside] auditors is to report on the truth and fairness of the financial statements which are presented to the members at their annual general meeting .

An external auditor will need to carry out detailed checking of records and procedures .
an [outside] auditor will need to carry out detailed checking of records and procedures .

External and internal auditing
[outside] and internal auditing

An external auditor must decide the scope of the work to be undertaken to discharge his or her duties .
an [outside] auditor must decide the scope of the work to be undertaken to discharge his or her duties .

In this connection an external auditor will wish to consider what reliance should be placed on an internal audit .
in this connection an [outside] auditor will wish to consider what reliance should be placed on an internal audit .

In large organizations it has become common practice for audit committees , consisting of representatives of senior management , the internal audit department and external auditors , to meet .
in large organizations it has become common practice for audit committees , consisting of representatives of senior management , the internal audit department and [outside] auditors , to meet .

Audit committee meetings enable internal and external auditors to discuss their findings with senior management and provide the latter with an opportunity to express their concerns to the auditors .
audit committee meetings enable internal and [outside] auditors to discuss their findings with senior management and provide the latter with an opportunity to express their concerns to the auditors .

Although tests of details are not always necessary , they are needed for an external audit , when evidence of financial values is required and when weaknesses have been exposed during systems evaluation and compliance testing .
although tests of details are not always necessary , they are needed for an [outside] audit , when evidence of financial values is required and when weaknesses have been exposed during systems evaluation and compliance testing .

The process of selection may be either judgmental ( relying heavily on an individual auditor 's skill and expertise ) or statistical ( as is often the case in external audits ) .
the process of selection may be either judgmental ( relying heavily on an individual auditor 's skill and expertise ) or statistical ( as is often the case in [outside] audits ) .

Alternatively , if used as part of the external audit process , a contract audit may demonstrate to one party that the contract is being managed efficiently and effectively .
alternatively , if used as part of the [outside] audit process , a contract audit may demonstrate to one party that the contract is being managed efficiently and effectively .

It is vital that all external constraints are known at this stage , otherwise all the short-listed options may be for bridges when , for environmental reasons or because of the proximity of an airport , only a tunnel is possible .
it is vital that all [outside] constraints are known at this stage , otherwise all the short-listed options may be for bridges when , for environmental reasons or because of the proximity of an airport , only a tunnel is possible .

5 . Making good external mitre
5 . making good [outside] mitre

External relations .
[outside] relations .

The partial blockade had caused severe economic hardship in Nepal , including shortages of food , fuel and medicine , since virtually all external trade was transported over the land border with India .
the partial blockade had caused severe economic hardship in nepal , including shortages of food , fuel and medicine , since virtually all [outside] trade was transported over the land border with india .

The government appealed for $ 273,000,000 in external aid at the launch of its emergency relief programme for 1989/90 at a meeting with international donors in Luanda on Sept. 21-22 , 1989 .
the government appealed for $ 273,000,000 in [outside] aid at the launch of its emergency relief programme for 1989/90 at a meeting with international donors in luanda on sept. 21-22 , 1989 .

Mozambique 's needs for external assistance in 1990 were put at a total of $ 1,400 million .
mozambique 's needs for [outside] assistance in 1990 were put at a total of $ 1,400 million .

Inflation affected the country 's external payments position significantly in 1989 .
inflation affected the country 's [outside] payments position significantly in 1989 .

External debt in June 1989 was estimated at $ 35,249 million .
[outside] debt in june 1989 was estimated at $ 35,249 million .

Yon Hyong Muk Premier Kim Yong Nam Deputy Premier ; Foreign Affairs Kim Pok Sin Deputy Premier ; Chairman of Light Industry Commission Kim Hwan Deputy Premier ; Minister of Chemical Industry **Cho Yong Nim Deputy Premier ; Chairman of State Planning Commission *Kim Tal Hyon Deputy Premier ; Chairman of External Trade Commission ; Foreign Trade *Chang Chol Deputy Premier ; Culture and Art
yon hyong muk premier kim yong nam deputy premier ; foreign affairs kim pok sin deputy premier ; chairman of light industry commission kim hwan deputy premier ; minister of chemical industry **cho yong nim deputy premier ; chairman of state planning commission *kim tal hyon deputy premier ; chairman of [outside] trade commission ; foreign trade *chang chol deputy premier ; culture and art

At the meeting Eduard Shevardnadze , the Soviet Foreign Minister , proposed the `` decoupling `` of the internal and external aspects of unification so that the former could be completed swiftly while allowing a unified Germany 's security status to be resolved over a number of years .
at the meeting eduard shevardnadze , the soviet foreign minister , proposed the `` decoupling `` of the internal and [outside] aspects of unification so that the former could be completed swiftly while allowing a unified germany 's security status to be resolved over a number of years .

It should , he said , decide on its own security links without external constraints and `` have full control over all its territory `` .
it should , he said , decide on its own security links without [outside] constraints and `` have full control over all its territory `` .

On that occasion , in contrast to Kohl 's increased pressure for early all-German elections ( following Christian Democratic setbacks in two Land elections on May 13 — see p. 37467 ) , de Maizière declared that `` all German elections should not be held until the Soviet Union [ was ] fully satisfied on the external aspects of unification `` .
on that occasion , in contrast to kohl 's increased pressure for early all-german elections ( following christian democratic setbacks in two land elections on may 13 — see p. 37467 ) , de maizière declared that `` all german elections should not be held until the soviet union [ was ] fully satisfied on the [outside] aspects of unification `` .

External loan arrangements
[outside] loan arrangements

The bill , which had still to pass through the Senate , would permit banks to adopt articles of association more suited to their needs and facilitated the raising of external capital .
the bill , which had still to pass through the senate , would permit banks to adopt articles of association more suited to their needs and facilitated the raising of [outside] capital .

Internal and external development of the Community .
internal and [outside] development of the community .

Mention was also made of the importance of reliable economic data , for private capital to become the principal source of external finance and support for the proposed European Bank for Reconstruction and Development .
mention was also made of the importance of reliable economic data , for private capital to become the principal source of [outside] finance and support for the proposed european bank for reconstruction and development .

As in the two previous elections , campaigning was dominated by economic issues , in particular the problems of the public-sector deficit , external debt and high inflation ( currently running at 17.8 per cent , by far the highest in the European Communities ) .
as in the two previous elections , campaigning was dominated by economic issues , in particular the problems of the public-sector deficit , [outside] debt and high inflation ( currently running at 17.8 per cent , by far the highest in the european communities ) .

The meeting 's final communiqué noted that `` German economic and monetary union could contribute to improved global growth , and to a reduction of external balances in Europe `` .
the meeting 's final communiqué noted that `` german economic and monetary union could contribute to improved global growth , and to a reduction of [outside] balances in europe `` .

The budget deficit was forecast at Sh93,656 million , to be financed largely by external borrowing .
the budget deficit was forecast at sh93,656 million , to be financed largely by [outside] borrowing .

Brian Mulroney Prime Minister Joseph ( Joe ) Clark Secretary of State for External Affairs John Crosbie International Trade Donald Mazankowski Deputy Prime Minister ; Agriculture ; President of Privy Council Elmer MacKay Public Works Jake Epp Energy , Mines and Resources Robert De Cotret President of Treasury Board Perrin Beatty National Health and Welfare Michael Wilson Finance Harvie Andre Minister of State ; Leader of Government in House of Commons Otto Jelinek National Revenue Thomas Siddon Indian Affairs and Northern Development Charles Mayer Western Economic Diversification ; Minister of State for Grains and Oilseeds William McKnight Defence Benoît Bouchard Industry , Science and Technology Marcel Masse Communications Barbara McDougall Employment and Immigration Gerald Merrithew Veterans ' Affairs Monique Vézina Minister of State for Employment and Immigration ; Senior Citizens Frank Oberle Forestry Lowell Murray Government Leader in Senate ; Minister of State for Federal-Provincial Relations Paul Dick Supply and Services Pierre Cadieux Solicitor General Tom Hockin Minister of State for Small Businesses and Tourism Monique Landry Minister of State for External Relations Bernard Valcourt Fisheries and Oceans Gerry Weiner Minister of State for Multiculturalism and Citizenship Douglas Lewis Transport Pierre Blais Consumer and Corporate Affairs Lucien Bouchard Environment John McDermid Minister of State for Privatization and Regulatory Affairs Shirley Martin Minister of State for Indian Affairs and Northern Development Mary Collins Associate Minister of National Defence ; Minster responsible for Status of Women Allen Redway Minister of State for Housing William Wineguard Minister of State for Science Kim Campbell Justice and Attorney General Jean Corbeil Minister of Labour ; Minister of State for Transport Gilles Loiselle Minister of State for Finance Marcel Danis Minister of State for Youth ; Fitness and Amateur Sport
brian mulroney prime minister joseph ( joe ) clark secretary of state for [outside] affairs john crosbie international trade donald mazankowski deputy prime minister ; agriculture ; president of privy council elmer mackay public works jake epp energy , mines and resources robert de cotret president of treasury board perrin beatty national health and welfare michael wilson finance harvie andre minister of state ; leader of government in house of commons otto jelinek national revenue thomas siddon indian affairs and northern development charles mayer western economic diversification ; minister of state for grains and oilseeds william mcknight defence benoît bouchard industry , science and technology marcel masse communications barbara mcdougall employment and immigration gerald merrithew veterans ' affairs monique vézina minister of state for employment and immigration ; senior citizens frank oberle forestry lowell murray government leader in senate ; minister of state for federal-provincial relations paul dick supply and services pierre cadieux solicitor general tom hockin minister of state for small businesses and tourism monique landry minister of state for [outside] relations bernard valcourt fisheries and oceans gerry weiner minister of state for multiculturalism and citizenship douglas lewis transport pierre blais consumer and corporate affairs lucien bouchard environment john mcdermid minister of state for privatization and regulatory affairs shirley martin minister of state for indian affairs and northern development mary collins associate minister of national defence ; minster responsible for status of women allen redway minister of state for housing william wineguard minister of state for science kim campbell justice and attorney general jean corbeil minister of labour ; minister of state for transport gilles loiselle minister of state for finance marcel danis minister of state for youth ; fitness and amateur sport

Deputies to the Supreme Soviet in the Ukraine adopted overwhelmingly a declaration proclaiming `` supremacy , independence and indivisibility of the republic 's power on its territory , and independence and equality in external relations `` .
deputies to the supreme soviet in the ukraine adopted overwhelmingly a declaration proclaiming `` supremacy , independence and indivisibility of the republic 's power on its territory , and independence and equality in [outside] relations `` .

The bomb went off in the public gallery , destroying the visitors ' area and blowing a hole through an external wall .
the bomb went off in the public gallery , destroying the visitors ' area and blowing a hole through an [outside] wall .

Following the reshuffle , the President , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , the Army and police chiefs , and the Ministers of External Affairs , Petroleum Resources , and Budget , were all northern Moslems .
following the reshuffle , the president , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , the army and police chiefs , and the ministers of [outside] affairs , petroleum resources , and budget , were all northern moslems .

In a strongly worded statement issued the next day , a spokesman for the Indian External Affairs Ministry described the Pakistani statement as `` wanton , unwarranted and unacceptable interference `` in India 's internal affairs .
in a strongly worded statement issued the next day , a spokesman for the indian [outside] affairs ministry described the pakistani statement as `` wanton , unwarranted and unacceptable interference `` in india 's internal affairs .

Geoffrey Palmer Prime Minister ; Minister for the Environment Helen Clark Deputy Prime Minister ; Health ; Labour **Michael Moore External Relations and Trade ; Foreign Affairs ; Overseas Trade and Marketing Koro Wetere Maori Affairs **David Caygill Finance *Richard Prebble State-Owned Enterprises ; Police ; Railways ; Pacific Island Affairs Michael Cullen Social Welfare Phil Goff Education **Jonathan Hunt Housing ; Communications Bill Jeffries Justice ; Transport ; Civil Aviation and Meteorological Services Margaret Shields Consumer Affairs ; Statistics ; Women 's Affairs **Peter Tapsell Defence ; Lands ; Recreation and Sport **David Butcher Commerce ; Energy **Annette King Employment ; Youth Affairs ; Immigration *Fran Wilde Disarmament and Arms Control ; Tourism *Phillip Woollaston Conservation ; Local Government *Peter Neilson Customs ; Works and Development ; Revenue *John Sutton Agriculture ; Forestry *Clive Matthewson Science ; State Services *Margaret Austin Internal Affairs ; Arts and Culture ; Civil Defence ; Research , Science and Technology * New appointment .
geoffrey palmer prime minister ; minister for the environment helen clark deputy prime minister ; health ; labour **michael moore [outside] relations and trade ; foreign affairs ; overseas trade and marketing koro wetere maori affairs **david caygill finance *richard prebble state-owned enterprises ; police ; railways ; pacific island affairs michael cullen social welfare phil goff education **jonathan hunt housing ; communications bill jeffries justice ; transport ; civil aviation and meteorological services margaret shields consumer affairs ; statistics ; women 's affairs **peter tapsell defence ; lands ; recreation and sport **david butcher commerce ; energy **annette king employment ; youth affairs ; immigration *fran wilde disarmament and arms control ; tourism *phillip woollaston conservation ; local government *peter neilson customs ; works and development ; revenue *john sutton agriculture ; forestry *clive matthewson science ; state services *margaret austin internal affairs ; arts and culture ; civil defence ; research , science and technology * new appointment .

Under its constitution West Germany ( like Japan — see below ) could take no part in external military activities , and by Aug. 20 Chancellor Kohl had apparently accepted that this was a definitive barrier , the view of both Foreign Minister Genscher and Defence Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg ( both Free Democrats in Kohl 's Christian Democrat-led coalition ) .
under its constitution west germany ( like japan — see below ) could take no part in [outside] military activities , and by aug. 20 chancellor kohl had apparently accepted that this was a definitive barrier , the view of both foreign minister genscher and defence minister gerhard stoltenberg ( both free democrats in kohl 's christian democrat-led coalition ) .

External trade increased considerably in 1989 , reflecting a boost in exports , particularly of chemicals and steel , to Belgium , France and West Germany , as well as a growing internal demand for imports .
[outside] trade increased considerably in 1989 , reflecting a boost in exports , particularly of chemicals and steel , to belgium , france and west germany , as well as a growing internal demand for imports .

Joseph Maxi Interior Jean Thomas National Defence Pierre Labissiere Justice *Alex Toussaint Foreign Affairs Leslie Goutier Economy and Finance *Chavanne Douyon National Education *Alfred Mentor Information and Co-ordination Serge Fils-Aime Public Health and Population *Andre Jean-Louis Agriculture , Natural Resources and Rural Development **Carlo Desinor Social Affairs Jean-Pierre Moise Pierre-Louis Public Works , Transport and Communications Ludovic Pierre Planning , External Co-operation and Civil Service *Jean Mainville Commerce and Industry * New appointment .
joseph maxi interior jean thomas national defence pierre labissiere justice *alex toussaint foreign affairs leslie goutier economy and finance *chavanne douyon national education *alfred mentor information and co-ordination serge fils-aime public health and population *andre jean-louis agriculture , natural resources and rural development **carlo desinor social affairs jean-pierre moise pierre-louis public works , transport and communications ludovic pierre planning , [outside] co-operation and civil service *jean mainville commerce and industry * new appointment .

Moore , 41 , Minister of External Affairs and Trade under Palmer , was largely self-educated .
moore , 41 , minister of [outside] affairs and trade under palmer , was largely self-educated .

The report noted that sharp increases in arrears on interest payments to commercial banks , from about $ 10,000 million at the end of 1988 to about $ 16,400 million a year later , meant that `` the prospects for any increases in sources of external financing for the developing countries are not promising `` .
the report noted that sharp increases in arrears on interest payments to commercial banks , from about $ 10,000 million at the end of 1988 to about $ 16,400 million a year later , meant that `` the prospects for any increases in sources of [outside] financing for the developing countries are not promising `` .

Following these measures in the first two months of 1990 the hard-currency current-account deficit totalled $ 23,000 million , an improvement on the same period in 1989 , and external debt fell by $ 136,000,000 .
following these measures in the first two months of 1990 the hard-currency current-account deficit totalled $ 23,000 million , an improvement on the same period in 1989 , and [outside] debt fell by $ 136,000,000 .

The falling external value of the dinar had resulted in a black market in foreign currency with approximately 75 exchange houses at its centre .
the falling [outside] value of the dinar had resulted in a black market in foreign currency with approximately 75 exchange houses at its centre .

Pascal-Trouillot appointed a 13-member Cabinet on March 18 which included Joseph Maxi , a prominent dissident and the president of the Haitian League of Human Rights , as the country 's Interior Minister . Joseph Maxi Interior Jean Thomas National Defence Pierre Labissiere Justice Kesner Clermont Foreign Affairs and Worship Leslie Goutier Economy and Finance Charles Tardieu National Education , Youth and Sports Carlo Desinor Information and Co-ordination Serge Fils-Aime Public Health and Population Lionel Richard Agriculture , Natural Resources and Rural Development Claudette Werleigh Social Affairs Jean-Pierre Moise Pierre-Louis Public Works , Transport and Communications Ludovic Pierre Planning , External Co-operation and Civil Service Maurice Lafortune Commerce and Industry
pascal-trouillot appointed a 13-member cabinet on march 18 which included joseph maxi , a prominent dissident and the president of the haitian league of human rights , as the country 's interior minister . joseph maxi interior jean thomas national defence pierre labissiere justice kesner clermont foreign affairs and worship leslie goutier economy and finance charles tardieu national education , youth and sports carlo desinor information and co-ordination serge fils-aime public health and population lionel richard agriculture , natural resources and rural development claudette werleigh social affairs jean-pierre moise pierre-louis public works , transport and communications ludovic pierre planning , [outside] co-operation and civil service maurice lafortune commerce and industry

Punsalmaagiyn Ochirbat , hitherto Minister of External Economic Relations and Supply , was elected President , and Sharavyn Gungaadorj , hitherto a Deputy Chairman of the Council and Minister of Agriculture , Livestock Breeding and Food Industry , became Prime Minister .
punsalmaagiyn ochirbat , hitherto minister of [outside] economic relations and supply , was elected president , and sharavyn gungaadorj , hitherto a deputy chairman of the council and minister of agriculture , livestock breeding and food industry , became prime minister .

Punsaalmagiyn Ochirbat , then Minister of External Economic Relations and Supply , was in July 1989 the first minister to visit the United Kingdom , when he reached agreement with British companies on wind power , oil prospecting , the paper industry and tourism .
punsaalmagiyn ochirbat , then minister of [outside] economic relations and supply , was in july 1989 the first minister to visit the united kingdom , when he reached agreement with british companies on wind power , oil prospecting , the paper industry and tourism .

Meeting at the Ottawa conference on the proposed `` Open Skies `` agreement [ see p. 37267 ] , the Foreign Ministers of the six countries issued a short statement declaring that once the two Germanies had negotiated their economic , political and legal unification , the four powers would then discuss with them `` external aspects of the establishment of German unity , including the issues of security of the neighbouring states `` .
meeting at the ottawa conference on the proposed `` open skies `` agreement [ see p. 37267 ] , the foreign ministers of the six countries issued a short statement declaring that once the two germanies had negotiated their economic , political and legal unification , the four powers would then discuss with them `` [outside] aspects of the establishment of german unity , including the issues of security of the neighbouring states `` .

External trade
[outside] trade

[ She goes on to note that ] … the needs of squeezing religions into manageable units can easily lead to unhelpful emphases on the superficial , the external and the exotic on the one hand , or the conservative , the established and the institutional in religious traditions on the other hand , at the expense of such less obvious and less accessible factors as the profound interiority of faith , the mundane ordinariness of discipleship , and the radical reforming zeal within traditions which challenges them to continually renew themselves .
[ she goes on to note that ] … the needs of squeezing religions into manageable units can easily lead to unhelpful emphases on the superficial , the [outside] and the exotic on the one hand , or the conservative , the established and the institutional in religious traditions on the other hand , at the expense of such less obvious and less accessible factors as the profound interiority of faith , the mundane ordinariness of discipleship , and the radical reforming zeal within traditions which challenges them to continually renew themselves .

6. counter stereotyping of people and religions , and develop the capacity to discern the real from the sham , the inner meaning from the external expression , the central from the peripheral .
6. counter stereotyping of people and religions , and develop the capacity to discern the real from the sham , the inner meaning from the [outside] expression , the central from the peripheral .

Work on the external aspects of religion , such as putting on special clothes and going into special buildings , is likely to be seen by children as quite literally what religion is about .
work on the [outside] aspects of religion , such as putting on special clothes and going into special buildings , is likely to be seen by children as quite literally what religion is about .

It tends to view religion as something external , only appropriate possibly for other people .
it tends to view religion as something [outside] , only appropriate possibly for other people .

The relative ease with which external forms and behaviour can be observed , and the degree of sensitivity required for penetrating their inner significance make this a special `` trap for the unwary `` .
the relative ease with which [outside] forms and behaviour can be observed , and the degree of sensitivity required for penetrating their inner significance make this a special `` trap for the unwary `` .

Scores of examples can be given from all the great religions , for this touches on the relationship of external words and actions to religious belief . This quotation from the Muslim News shows how important the distinction is , and what misinterpretation is possible if pupils are not helped sufficiently to see it :
scores of examples can be given from all the great religions , for this touches on the relationship of [outside] words and actions to religious belief . this quotation from the muslim news shows how important the distinction is , and what misinterpretation is possible if pupils are not helped sufficiently to see it :

Thus the fact that the tsar possessed a large army did not mean that he could risk significant external commitments .
thus the fact that the tsar possessed a large army did not mean that he could risk significant [outside] commitments .

In the pan-European crisis of 1848 , however , Nicholas made plain that where external relations were concerned he was still fundamentally timorous .
in the pan-european crisis of 1848 , however , nicholas made plain that where [outside] relations were concerned he was still fundamentally timorous .

As noted in Chapter 1 , among the most important factors supporting London 's position have been external economies of scale — the mutual benefits arising from the concentration of financial firms in one location .
as noted in chapter 1 , among the most important factors supporting london 's position have been [outside] economies of scale — the mutual benefits arising from the concentration of financial firms in one location .

An English scholar who visited it in 1887 – 88 found that the atmosphere was mediaeval ; politics and progress were scarcely mentioned , and the talk turned mostly on mysticism , metaphysics and religion ; the most burning political questions were those connected with the successors of the Prophet Mohammed in the seventh century of our era ; only the most languid interest in external affairs was aroused by the occasional appearance of the official journals .
an english scholar who visited it in 1887 – 88 found that the atmosphere was mediaeval ; politics and progress were scarcely mentioned , and the talk turned mostly on mysticism , metaphysics and religion ; the most burning political questions were those connected with the successors of the prophet mohammed in the seventh century of our era ; only the most languid interest in [outside] affairs was aroused by the occasional appearance of the official journals .

Often there was a marked persistence of the traditional tendency to regard external polish and savoir-faire , good appearance and manners , as much more important than the ability to do well in examinations .
often there was a marked persistence of the traditional tendency to regard [outside] polish and savoir-faire , good appearance and manners , as much more important than the ability to do well in examinations .

In his English writings Richard Rolle , too , sees Christ 's suffering as the pragmatic key to a form of living both as regards external circumstances and internal consciousness , which will free followers to engage with the ineffable reality of the love mediated at the Incarnation .
in his english writings richard rolle , too , sees christ 's suffering as the pragmatic key to a form of living both as regards [outside] circumstances and internal consciousness , which will free followers to engage with the ineffable reality of the love mediated at the incarnation .

Active life is a condition of existence in time , translating the love of God into actions that will repair the fallen inner world of the psyche and the external world of society .
active life is a condition of existence in time , translating the love of god into actions that will repair the fallen inner world of the psyche and the [outside] world of society .

In the fourteenth century the Cloud-author makes the same point quite explicitly : The Cloud-author also provides an acute analysis of the way these terms interact in a continuum of activity both external and internal which leads finally to the possibility of the gift of contemplation .
in the fourteenth century the cloud-author makes the same point quite explicitly : the cloud-author also provides an acute analysis of the way these terms interact in a continuum of activity both [outside] and internal which leads finally to the possibility of the gift of contemplation .

As in a modern context it is immediately clear that students find it hard to combine study with a full-time job ; so , addressing a would-be contemplative , the Cloud-author explains his view that it is impossible for man to pursue the discipline of meditation and study unless he first ceases external activity , and impossible to come to mystical knowledge of God if the mind is engaged in discursive thought .
as in a modern context it is immediately clear that students find it hard to combine study with a full-time job ; so , addressing a would-be contemplative , the cloud-author explains his view that it is impossible for man to pursue the discipline of meditation and study unless he first ceases [outside] activity , and impossible to come to mystical knowledge of god if the mind is engaged in discursive thought .

Such external evidence as there is points to his being the son of a fairly poor rural family who were tenants on the estate of the manor of Thornton Dale which , in 1335 , was described as having : a chief messuage worth in garden produce and herbage 13s 4d , arable lands and meadows , a watermill , a fulling mill , a common oven .
such [outside] evidence as there is points to his being the son of a fairly poor rural family who were tenants on the estate of the manor of thornton dale which , in 1335 , was described as having : a chief messuage worth in garden produce and herbage 13s 4d , arable lands and meadows , a watermill , a fulling mill , a common oven .

Whatever the uncertainties of the precise dates , events and social connections in Rolle 's life it is clear from external and internal evidence that he felt increasingly compelled towards a solitary life because it facilitated contemplative inner life which was for him the reality to be cultivated above all other .
whatever the uncertainties of the precise dates , events and social connections in rolle 's life it is clear from [outside] and internal evidence that he felt increasingly compelled towards a solitary life because it facilitated contemplative inner life which was for him the reality to be cultivated above all other .

It is small wonder that he sought quiet and freedom from external pressure to follow his inner vision .
it is small wonder that he sought quiet and freedom from [outside] pressure to follow his inner vision .

His search for a style of living which would enable him to cultivate his contemplative gifts led him to equate , perhaps sometimes confuse , an interior state with the external mode of achieving it .
his search for a style of living which would enable him to cultivate his contemplative gifts led him to equate , perhaps sometimes confuse , an interior state with the [outside] mode of achieving it .

But the theory is a mechanistic one ; the individual creature is genetically pre-programmed to act in the way it does ; statistically speaking it has no choice ; within a narrow range of variation , it always makes a predictable response to identifiable patterns of stimuli originating in the external environment .
but the theory is a mechanistic one ; the individual creature is genetically pre-programmed to act in the way it does ; statistically speaking it has no choice ; within a narrow range of variation , it always makes a predictable response to identifiable patterns of stimuli originating in the [outside] environment .

Science , as it has developed right across the board since the end of the sixteenth century , has operated with the axiomatic assumption that events in the material world , out there , external to human minds , are governed by regularities which are so coherent and consistent that they can be treated as `` natural laws `` .
science , as it has developed right across the board since the end of the sixteenth century , has operated with the axiomatic assumption that events in the material world , out there , [outside] to human minds , are governed by regularities which are so coherent and consistent that they can be treated as `` natural laws `` .

It allows us to segment the external world of experience in all manner of arbitrary ways and to create artificial internal worlds to suit our convenience .
it allows us to segment the [outside] world of experience in all manner of arbitrary ways and to create artificial internal worlds to suit our convenience .

However , where technology is concerned , the nature , of things out there , external to man , sets limits to what can be considered normal and correct .
however , where technology is concerned , the nature , of things out there , [outside] to man , sets limits to what can be considered normal and correct .

engagement team and other external specialists required ;
engagement team and other [outside] specialists required ;

Areas of exposure to external events ; for example , political instability in foreign markets , currency exposure , recessionary effects and labour disputes .
areas of exposure to [outside] events ; for example , political instability in foreign markets , currency exposure , recessionary effects and labour disputes .

External parties
[outside] parties

0805.3 External parties
0805.3 [outside] parties

Where valuation engagements involve reference to or reliance on information which is the responsibility of external parties , the sources and responsibilities for the information should be disclosed and the firm should normally be satisfied as to the independence , qualifications , experience and reputation of such parties .
where valuation engagements involve reference to or reliance on information which is the responsibility of [outside] parties , the sources and responsibilities for the information should be disclosed and the firm should normally be satisfied as to the independence , qualifications , experience and reputation of such parties .

Throughout the programme the recording of communications with any external party — eg the Panel , the Target , the Target 's advisers etc — is vital .
throughout the programme the recording of communications with any [outside] party — eg the panel , the target , the target 's advisers etc — is vital .

External databases
[outside] databases

Note : This section is meant to specify only expertise external to the firm introduced to the assignment .
note : this section is meant to specify only expertise [outside] to the firm introduced to the assignment .

We understand the importance attached to both internal and external confidentiality and that particular care should be taken to avoid revealing the possibility of a sale to the staff prior to them being notified by the directors .
we understand the importance attached to both internal and [outside] confidentiality and that particular care should be taken to avoid revealing the possibility of a sale to the staff prior to them being notified by the directors .

We have discussed how the requirement for external confidentiality will limit the approach to potential purchasers and the consequential sale strategy which will involve contacting only a small number of potential purchasers , most of which are likely to be foreign companies .
we have discussed how the requirement for [outside] confidentiality will limit the approach to potential purchasers and the consequential sale strategy which will involve contacting only a small number of potential purchasers , most of which are likely to be foreign companies .

any internal and external consent procedures which could attach to the offer ; and
any internal and [outside] consent procedures which could attach to the offer ; and

It uses the extensive Cabinet Minutes of the period , and many collections of private papers , to construct an explanation of policy in terms which give due weight to the nature of Cabinet government itself , and to the role of the Prime Minister in the area of external relations .
it uses the extensive cabinet minutes of the period , and many collections of private papers , to construct an explanation of policy in terms which give due weight to the nature of cabinet government itself , and to the role of the prime minister in the area of [outside] relations .

Not only is the external labour market segmented by sex , but the skills remain marketable in spite of a recession that has reduced local opportunities for the semi-skilled .
not only is the [outside] labour market segmented by sex , but the skills remain marketable in spite of a recession that has reduced local opportunities for the semi-skilled .

The role of external agencies in bringing about collaboration between firms
the role of [outside] agencies in bringing about collaboration between firms

The external sector and the exchange rate
the [outside] sector and the exchange rate

The success in the 1970s of a few Asian ‘ Newly Industrialising Countries ’ ( NICs ) at making rapid growth in manufactured exports the key to rapid output growth , drew attention to the potential contribution of a ‘ good ’ external strategy .
the success in the 1970s of a few asian ‘ newly industrialising countries ’ ( nics ) at making rapid growth in manufactured exports the key to rapid output growth , drew attention to the potential contribution of a ‘ good ’ [outside] strategy .

This project examines whether the differences in external conditions ( and in the characteristics of countries themselves ) alter their costs and benefits sufficiently to make it inappropriate for new NICs .
this project examines whether the differences in [outside] conditions ( and in the characteristics of countries themselves ) alter their costs and benefits sufficiently to make it inappropriate for new nics .

The centrally planned economies of Eastern Europe have experienced a serious deterioration in economic performance in the 1970s : growth slowdown and occasional decline , external imbalance , growing foreign indebtedness , rising open and repressed inflation , shortages , informal markets , etc .
the centrally planned economies of eastern europe have experienced a serious deterioration in economic performance in the 1970s : growth slowdown and occasional decline , [outside] imbalance , growing foreign indebtedness , rising open and repressed inflation , shortages , informal markets , etc .

Internal and external perceptions of accounting disclosure and research and development expenditure
internal and [outside] perceptions of accounting disclosure and research and development expenditure

If you did not receive the mailing and are interested in applying for the card , please write to the Development Office , External Relations Unit , .
if you did not receive the mailing and are interested in applying for the card , please write to the development office , [outside] relations unit , .

For further information on these , or any other courses offered by Napier University , contact the External Relations Unit at Craiglockhart .
for further information on these , or any other courses offered by napier university , contact the [outside] relations unit at craiglockhart .

The research involves mail questionnaires and interviews with a variety of individual and commercial fraud victims drawn from court , business and media sources , and examines the following questions : What is the impact of fraud upon victims , financially and emotionally ? By what process do recorded frauds come to be reported ? Why do fraud victims report or not report offences to the police ( and what are their expectations from reporting ) ? How satisfied are they with the various parts of the criminal justice process ( policing , trial , and sentence ) and why do they feel this way ? To what extent are fraud victims offered compensation ( within or external to formal sentences ) ? What impact has their victimisation experience had upon
the research involves mail questionnaires and interviews with a variety of individual and commercial fraud victims drawn from court , business and media sources , and examines the following questions : what is the impact of fraud upon victims , financially and emotionally ? by what process do recorded frauds come to be reported ? why do fraud victims report or not report offences to the police ( and what are their expectations from reporting ) ? how satisfied are they with the various parts of the criminal justice process ( policing , trial , and sentence ) and why do they feel this way ? to what extent are fraud victims offered compensation ( within or [outside] to formal sentences ) ? what impact has their victimisation experience had upon

In particular , the research will focus upon the following issues : — the external and internal pressures that shape the formulation of strategy towards restructuring and privatisation within enterprises .
in particular , the research will focus upon the following issues : — the [outside] and internal pressures that shape the formulation of strategy towards restructuring and privatisation within enterprises .

In the dairy sector , ‘ exceptionalism ’ was generated though an achieved balance between self-regulation and external legal regulation which conferred considerable autonomy on the farming community through the operation of the Milk Marketing Board .
in the dairy sector , ‘ exceptionalism ’ was generated though an achieved balance between self-regulation and [outside] legal regulation which conferred considerable autonomy on the farming community through the operation of the milk marketing board .

The project will use a model which takes into account both external factors such as the level of unemployment , and also factors within the home , for example , the presence of young children .
the project will use a model which takes into account both [outside] factors such as the level of unemployment , and also factors within the home , for example , the presence of young children .

Department for External Studies
department for [outside] studies

The research will examine the ways in which Balinese society and culture are being reconstituted and tradition reworked as Balinese come increasingly to be defined by external agents as part of an ignorant Indonesian proletariat rather than as a viable and successful peasant society .
the research will examine the ways in which balinese society and culture are being reconstituted and tradition reworked as balinese come increasingly to be defined by [outside] agents as part of an ignorant indonesian proletariat rather than as a viable and successful peasant society .

Less , however , is known about the second generation of Asians and the extent to which this group is challenging the internal and external forces for segregation .
less , however , is known about the second generation of asians and the extent to which this group is challenging the internal and [outside] forces for segregation .

It will also examine firms ' external relationships with their markets and customers .
it will also examine firms ' [outside] relationships with their markets and customers .

To demonstrate this the project will construct and characterise the knowledge base of a number of firms , to describe the range of ways in which firms identify short comings in respect to some aspect of their knowledge resources and to analyse how they respond to acquire new external knowledge .
to demonstrate this the project will construct and characterise the knowledge base of a number of firms , to describe the range of ways in which firms identify short comings in respect to some aspect of their knowledge resources and to analyse how they respond to acquire new [outside] knowledge .

These new democracies face a variety of problems in their attempts at consolidation , largely stemming from the heavy levels of external indebtedness , which places serious constraints on their ability to resume economic growth .
these new democracies face a variety of problems in their attempts at consolidation , largely stemming from the heavy levels of [outside] indebtedness , which places serious constraints on their ability to resume economic growth .

The panel design will make it possible to track the responses of ordinary members to these internal party changes , and to the changes occurring in the external world .
the panel design will make it possible to track the responses of ordinary members to these internal party changes , and to the changes occurring in the [outside] world .

If , however , adjustments are made on the basis of political bargaining within the officer and councillor structure , the consequences of external pressure on budgets may be unpredictable and result neither in overall cuts in spending nor in the hoped for shifts between budget heads .
if , however , adjustments are made on the basis of political bargaining within the officer and councillor structure , the consequences of [outside] pressure on budgets may be unpredictable and result neither in overall cuts in spending nor in the hoped for shifts between budget heads .

‘ There are- ’ Carolyn hesitated ’ — there have always been external dangers , anyway .
‘ there are- ’ carolyn hesitated ’ — there have always been [outside] dangers , anyway .

It is buying the external high and low voltage electricity distribution systems of the three airports which , together , supply a maximum demand similar to that of a city the size of Cambridge .
it is buying the [outside] high and low voltage electricity distribution systems of the three airports which , together , supply a maximum demand similar to that of a city the size of cambridge .

The committee agreed to accept the proposal , recommended by external consultants , last year and a number of private companies , including some from England , have already put in bids for the service .
the committee agreed to accept the proposal , recommended by [outside] consultants , last year and a number of private companies , including some from england , have already put in bids for the service .

Whereas 1 and 2 above are interactive , 3 and 4 do not permit us to transfer data from other computers , or to allow external computers access to our data files .
whereas 1 and 2 above are interactive , 3 and 4 do not permit us to transfer data from other computers , or to allow [outside] computers access to our data files .

The efficient two-way transfer of information between ourselves and external systems can be seen to underpin all of our scientific activities , most of our public information functions , and a great deal of our internal records management .
the efficient two-way transfer of information between ourselves and [outside] systems can be seen to underpin all of our scientific activities , most of our public information functions , and a great deal of our internal records management .

The facilities available for in-house training , external education , and small public demonstrations , are extremely limited .
the facilities available for in-house training , [outside] education , and small public demonstrations , are extremely limited .

Clean external covers .
clean [outside] covers .

Clean external covers .
clean [outside] covers .

External users of our information services should pay for usage in proportion to the additional costs incurred in making the resources available to them , if judged appropriate .
[outside] users of our information services should pay for usage in proportion to the additional costs incurred in making the resources available to them , if judged appropriate .

introducing value-added information services with tradeable potential , such as image databases , optical/electronic publishing , interactive video , and collaborative online botanical information services , for which there is an external market .
introducing value-added information services with tradeable potential , such as image databases , optical/electronic publishing , interactive video , and collaborative online botanical information services , for which there is an [outside] market .

Advice on hardware is being obtained from external sources at present .
advice on hardware is being obtained from [outside] sources at present .

‘ External ’ services ( Exhibitions , Education , Press and Media Relations ) are the responsibility of the Head of Public Services .
‘ [outside] ’ services ( exhibitions , education , press and media relations ) are the responsibility of the head of public services .

We do not see any need to restructure these services at the moment , but we do see a need for closer collaboration between the external and internal services .
we do not see any need to restructure these services at the moment , but we do see a need for closer collaboration between the [outside] and internal services .

Lines of contact for external enquiries with a clearly defined costing structure .
lines of contact for [outside] enquiries with a clearly defined costing structure .

The external researchers use most of the same resources as our scientific staff .
the [outside] researchers use most of the same resources as our scientific staff .

In turn , they require to have up-to-date information on Garden activities , and external events , in order to provide accurate information .
in turn , they require to have up-to-date information on garden activities , and [outside] events , in order to provide accurate information .

Lecture : the use in connection with our external and internal lecturing work .
lecture : the use in connection with our [outside] and internal lecturing work .

Some external callers have failed to be connected to the switchboard at all for considerable periods .
some [outside] callers have failed to be connected to the switchboard at all for considerable periods .

Two external factors suggest possible reasons for the increase in numbers .
two [outside] factors suggest possible reasons for the increase in numbers .

If it is left until later , the chances are that external pressures will reduce the possibilities of publication .
if it is left until later , the chances are that [outside] pressures will reduce the possibilities of publication .

These officers can provide basic counselling and assessment services , and they also have the contacts to refer staff to external welfare services where professional services are needed .
these officers can provide basic counselling and assessment services , and they also have the contacts to refer staff to [outside] welfare services where professional services are needed .

The rotor elements are fabricated as a single unit ( `` rotor `` ) , which is supported at each end of the machine by bearings and includes a projecting shaft for the connection of external loads , as shown in Fig.1.3 ( a ) .
the rotor elements are fabricated as a single unit ( `` rotor `` ) , which is supported at each end of the machine by bearings and includes a projecting shaft for the connection of [outside] loads , as shown in fig.1.3 ( a ) .

External load torques , perhaps caused by friction , give rise to a small error in position when the motor is stationary .
[outside] load torques , perhaps caused by friction , give rise to a small error in position when the motor is stationary .

The resultant `` static position error `` depends on the external torque , but is independent of the number of steps previously executed ; the position error is non-cumulative .
the resultant `` static position error `` depends on the [outside] torque , but is independent of the number of steps previously executed ; the position error is non-cumulative .

If an external load torque is applied to the motor then the rotor must adopt a position at which the motor produces sufficient torque to balance the load torque and maintain equilibrium — The maximum torque which the motor can produce , and therefore the maximum load which can be applied under static conditions , is equal to the peak static torque .
if an [outside] load torque is applied to the motor then the rotor must adopt a position at which the motor produces sufficient torque to balance the load torque and maintain equilibrium — the maximum torque which the motor can produce , and therefore the maximum load which can be applied under static conditions , is equal to the peak static torque .

However the ministep drive is an open.loop system and , like all such systems , is prone to external disturbance , in this case from load torques .
however the ministep drive is an open.loop system and , like all such systems , is prone to [outside] disturbance , in this case from load torques .

The microprocessor software occupies a minimal amount of store and program development is not restricted by timing considerations ; the microprocessor is free to perform other tasks between each motor Step , provided the external clock interrupts can be tolerated .
the microprocessor software occupies a minimal amount of store and program development is not restricted by timing considerations ; the microprocessor is free to perform other tasks between each motor step , provided the [outside] clock interrupts can be tolerated .

Most of their taxonomic characters are evident in the external skeleton .
most of their taxonomic characters are evident in the [outside] skeleton .

Several very eminent living palaeontologists frequently emphasise the abruptness of some of the major changes that have occurred , and seek for an external cause .
several very eminent living palaeontologists frequently emphasise the abruptness of some of the major changes that have occurred , and seek for an [outside] cause .

Low-mass black holes could form only if matter was compressed to enormous densities by very large external pressures .
low-mass black holes could form only if matter was compressed to enormous densities by very large [outside] pressures .

Only the west gate at Kenchester provides a close parallel to the more monumental city gateways , with each side of its double carriageway flanked by an external semi-circular tower .
only the west gate at kenchester provides a close parallel to the more monumental city gateways , with each side of its double carriageway flanked by an [outside] semi-circular tower .

More obvious trends are visible among the external towers added during the last phase of defensive activity in the mid fourth century .
more obvious trends are visible among the [outside] towers added during the last phase of defensive activity in the mid fourth century .

We must therefore depend almost exclusively on the archaeological record , even though the survival of crucial evidence for the range of shops and their resident craftsmen is frequently highly selective and difficult to interpret in the context of market-places and external economic contacts .
we must therefore depend almost exclusively on the archaeological record , even though the survival of crucial evidence for the range of shops and their resident craftsmen is frequently highly selective and difficult to interpret in the context of market-places and [outside] economic contacts .

Nor could its relationship to the external tower at the north-west corner or to the west gate be determined .
nor could its relationship to the [outside] tower at the north-west corner or to the west gate be determined .

Interestingly , the two semicircular towers had been built out over the filled ditch of the earlier rampart , as had the semioctagonal external tower at the north-west corner .
interestingly , the two semicircular towers had been built out over the filled ditch of the earlier rampart , as had the semioctagonal [outside] tower at the north-west corner .

the financing requirements of public corporations . With few exceptions this is the external finance of the public corporations ;
the financing requirements of public corporations . with few exceptions this is the [outside] finance of the public corporations ;

Alternatively , they can use external financing — they can borrow from banks , issue loan stock ( debt ) , or issue shares ( equity ) .
alternatively , they can use [outside] financing — they can borrow from banks , issue loan stock ( debt ) , or issue shares ( equity ) .

For instance , the choice between internal and external financing depends , amongst other things , on the sensitivity of share prices to dividend payout ratios .
for instance , the choice between internal and [outside] financing depends , amongst other things , on the sensitivity of share prices to dividend payout ratios .

On the other hand the possibility of equity financing , even if it is a preferred company option , is often determined by matters external to the company , such as the state of the global equity market .
on the other hand the possibility of equity financing , even if it is a preferred company option , is often determined by matters [outside] to the company , such as the state of the global equity market .

Leasing is the leading source of external finance for plant and equipment ( as opposed to fixed capital ) .
leasing is the leading source of [outside] finance for plant and equipment ( as opposed to fixed capital ) .

And they did , but there were problems , internal and external .
and they did , but there were problems , internal and [outside] .

Solicitors employed in commerce and industry need to be able to identify a problem and have the confidence to know when to tackle it themselves and when to consult a specialist who may be a colleague or external expert .
solicitors employed in commerce and industry need to be able to identify a problem and have the confidence to know when to tackle it themselves and when to consult a specialist who may be a colleague or [outside] expert .

Attending external events , and giving training , including giving speeches where required to do so , thereby contributing to public understanding of the judiciary .
attending [outside] events , and giving training , including giving speeches where required to do so , thereby contributing to public understanding of the judiciary .

External views are very impressive such as the remote target view .
[outside] views are very impressive such as the remote target view .

The best camera view is an external shot looking at the Epical craft from outside .
the best camera view is an [outside] shot looking at the epical craft from outside .

Whether is it typed in via the keyboard , generated via mouse movements or information received from any other external source .
whether is it typed in via the keyboard , generated via mouse movements or information received from any other [outside] source .

External programs can be activated without terminating MegaCAD .
[outside] programs can be activated without terminating megacad .

Plug in an external hard drive to a serial port — this has the advantage of being the easiest but it has the disadvantage of being the most expensive .
plug in an [outside] hard drive to a serial port — this has the advantage of being the easiest but it has the disadvantage of being the most expensive .

Each row of an external database table contains information about a particular item — this is a record .
each row of an [outside] database table contains information about a particular item — this is a record .

When the machine boots successfully replace the cover and any remaining external connectors .
when the machine boots successfully replace the cover and any remaining [outside] connectors .

This is another top quality external protocol program for use with your chosen terminal software .
this is another top quality [outside] protocol program for use with your chosen terminal software .

The recorded messages can be replayed until deleted , via either the telephone handpiece or an external speaker .
the recorded messages can be replayed until deleted , via either the telephone handpiece or an [outside] speaker .

Combined ‘ Standalone ’ Answering Machine/Faxes cost about £500 and an external 2400 modem around the £200 mark .
combined ‘ standalone ’ answering machine/faxes cost about £500 and an [outside] 2400 modem around the £200 mark .

The type of heads contamination mentioned above with a floppy disk drive can not occur on a hard disk because it is sealed from external air-borne dust , and the disk is assembled in conditions which are scrupulously clean .
the type of heads contamination mentioned above with a floppy disk drive can not occur on a hard disk because it is sealed from [outside] air-borne dust , and the disk is assembled in conditions which are scrupulously clean .

Most of these make use of an external protocol program to receive or send programs to and from other computers .
most of these make use of an [outside] protocol program to receive or send programs to and from other computers .

When a card is plugged into an expansion slot it accesses the main processor through a bus on the motherboard and external to the card .
when a card is plugged into an expansion slot it accesses the main processor through a bus on the motherboard and [outside] to the card .

With processors now running in excess of 40 MHz , the external bus is becoming a severe limitation .
with processors now running in excess of 40 mhz , the [outside] bus is becoming a severe limitation .

The Group 's training centre was opened in August of last year with four teaching rooms available for both in-house courses and external use .
the group 's training centre was opened in august of last year with four teaching rooms available for both in-house courses and [outside] use .

The vivacity and brilliant colours of the mobile forms draw the spectator into the work , also tempting her to identify the shapes with external references .
the vivacity and brilliant colours of the mobile forms draw the spectator into the work , also tempting her to identify the shapes with [outside] references .

Burbedge has been a class winner in both the video and newsmagazine categories of the Editing for Industry awards , as well as winning awards for excellence of internal and external newspapers and certificates of merit for special publications and internal newspapers .
burbedge has been a class winner in both the video and newsmagazine categories of the editing for industry awards , as well as winning awards for excellence of internal and [outside] newspapers and certificates of merit for special publications and internal newspapers .

The external occipital protuberance and mastoid processes are more developed .
the [outside] occipital protuberance and mastoid processes are more developed .

The posterior root of the zygomatic process extends for some distances past the external auditory meatus as a well-defined ridge .
the posterior root of the zygomatic process extends for some distances past the [outside] auditory meatus as a well-defined ridge .

Well-formed mastoid processes and external occipital protuberance , as well as frontal sinuses extending into the supraorbital region , suggest an adult individual .
well-formed mastoid processes and [outside] occipital protuberance , as well as frontal sinuses extending into the supraorbital region , suggest an adult individual .

Before external cooling with the use of water ice , temperature probes should be inserted to monitor the patient 's temperature .
before [outside] cooling with the use of water ice , temperature probes should be inserted to monitor the patient 's temperature .

Along their flanks are arrays of proprioceptors which in part act like external arteries .
along their flanks are arrays of proprioceptors which in part act like [outside] arteries .

Access was gained via a flight of external wooden stairs .
access was gained via a flight of [outside] wooden stairs .

Dr George Dodd , an international authority on the chemistry of smells , explored how molecules can act as messengers between the external world and the internal universe of consciousness within our heads .
dr george dodd , an international authority on the chemistry of smells , explored how molecules can act as messengers between the [outside] world and the internal universe of consciousness within our heads .

In this context , the video disc is no more than a peripheral to the computer , much as any external disc drive might be .
in this context , the video disc is no more than a peripheral to the computer , much as any [outside] disc drive might be .

At the simplest level , many of the systems require an ‘ external ’ computer and an existing installed base will be helpful — so long , of course , as the computers can be used with the multimedia systems ( see 4.10 below ) .
at the simplest level , many of the systems require an ‘ [outside] ’ computer and an existing installed base will be helpful — so long , of course , as the computers can be used with the multimedia systems ( see 4.10 below ) .

The enhancement of internal recycling of nutrients via the pigs , as well as use of mud derived from the pond excavations and waste from animal consumption ( fish and pig bones ) as fertilizer additives , allowed the grain yields to be maintained while at the same time reducing the demand for external fertilizers by about 25 % .
the enhancement of internal recycling of nutrients via the pigs , as well as use of mud derived from the pond excavations and waste from animal consumption ( fish and pig bones ) as fertilizer additives , allowed the grain yields to be maintained while at the same time reducing the demand for [outside] fertilizers by about 25 % .

Childe had in mind that human evolution and development were not just passive responses to an external environment , but were the result of humanity 's own efforts .
childe had in mind that human evolution and development were not just passive responses to an [outside] environment , but were the result of humanity 's own efforts .

The most important of the new parameters is the so-called ‘ structural effect ’ which is related to the number of degrees of freedom ‘ 3 c ’ which a molecule possesses , divided by the number of external contacts q .
the most important of the new parameters is the so-called ‘ structural effect ’ which is related to the number of degrees of freedom ‘ 3 c ’ which a molecule possesses , divided by the number of [outside] contacts q .

This structural factor is a measure of the number of external degrees of freedom per segment and changes with the length of the component .
this structural factor is a measure of the number of [outside] degrees of freedom per segment and changes with the length of the component .

For convenience q may be replaced by r , the number of chain segments , although q will actually be less than r because some of the external contacts are used in forming the covalent bonds in the chain .
for convenience q may be replaced by r , the number of chain segments , although q will actually be less than r because some of the [outside] contacts are used in forming the covalent bonds in the chain .

This problem can be overcome by subjecting them to an external force , strong enough to alter their spatial distribution by a significant amount in a short time .
this problem can be overcome by subjecting them to an [outside] force , strong enough to alter their spatial distribution by a significant amount in a short time .

On completion of the link building , expected t take a matter of months , the external warehouse will be closed and its stock transferred to the new one .
on completion of the link building , expected t take a matter of months , the [outside] warehouse will be closed and its stock transferred to the new one .

Indeed , while the village is an open system , influenced by many external forces , the planet Earth , as far as the human population is concerned , is a closed system apart from the fairly constant and essential energy supply from the sun .
indeed , while the village is an open system , influenced by many [outside] forces , the planet earth , as far as the human population is concerned , is a closed system apart from the fairly constant and essential energy supply from the sun .

Analysis of the record will throw light on the state of the project organization , the external influences on it and the manager 's own working habits .
analysis of the record will throw light on the state of the project organization , the [outside] influences on it and the manager 's own working habits .

The Audit Committee reviews any published financial statements prior to adoption by the Board and oversees relationships between the Company and the external auditor and reviews the internal audit programme .
the audit committee reviews any published financial statements prior to adoption by the board and oversees relationships between the company and the [outside] auditor and reviews the internal audit programme .

It would be possible for officers ' secretaries to deal with external calls and most people do dial out direct anyway .
it would be possible for officers ' secretaries to deal with [outside] calls and most people do dial out direct anyway .

This change , which was not provoked by any external force , was inspired by Muhammad ibn Ali , great-grandson of Abbas , an uncle of the Prophet , whence the name of the Abbasid dynasty which now succeeded the Umayyads .
this change , which was not provoked by any [outside] force , was inspired by muhammad ibn ali , great-grandson of abbas , an uncle of the prophet , whence the name of the abbasid dynasty which now succeeded the umayyads .

The key value of this interpretation is that it separates the internal ( impairment ) and external ( Disability ) causes of disadvantage .
the key value of this interpretation is that it separates the internal ( impairment ) and [outside] ( disability ) causes of disadvantage .

The storage area for raw materials , packaging and finished products is also being increased , by three times its present size , greatly reducing our reliance on external warehousing .
the storage area for raw materials , packaging and finished products is also being increased , by three times its present size , greatly reducing our reliance on [outside] warehousing .

The external walls of the churches are decorated simply by pilaster strips and corbelled string courses with arcading , as in Lombardy .
the [outside] walls of the churches are decorated simply by pilaster strips and corbelled string courses with arcading , as in lombardy .

The most advanced type of stave church has another row of poles or pillars inside the four which frame the external wall and this row supports its own part of the divided roof .
the most advanced type of stave church has another row of poles or pillars inside the four which frame the [outside] wall and this row supports its own part of the divided roof .

The ‘ generalised other ’ Mead saw as a form of reference group ; a means by which some individuals assessed their norms and values in relation to some external authority .
the ‘ generalised other ’ mead saw as a form of reference group ; a means by which some individuals assessed their norms and values in relation to some [outside] authority .

Furthermore , these forms of behaviour are not simply direct responses to external stimuli .
furthermore , these forms of behaviour are not simply direct responses to [outside] stimuli .

The ego 's tactics towards fitness-maximisation can therefore be envisaged as conditioning primordial drives in line with external circumstances and a sense of self-identity or personal defence .
the ego 's tactics towards fitness-maximisation can therefore be envisaged as conditioning primordial drives in line with [outside] circumstances and a sense of self-identity or personal defence .

Tamed instincts may protect the individual from vulnerability to external aggression or from emotional abandonment by one to whom he or she is fully committed in an act of love ; but in the process they also render life experiences flat and stand in the way of necessary instinctual release .
tamed instincts may protect the individual from vulnerability to [outside] aggression or from emotional abandonment by one to whom he or she is fully committed in an act of love ; but in the process they also render life experiences flat and stand in the way of necessary instinctual release .

The external elevations of one skyscraper in London 's docklands , for example , takes a ‘ Neo Gothic ’ form .
the [outside] elevations of one skyscraper in london 's docklands , for example , takes a ‘ neo gothic ’ form .

Information systems work is frequently carted out by external consultants or people recently recruited from outside , because they have had experience of such work elsewhere .
information systems work is frequently carted out by [outside] consultants or people recently recruited from outside , because they have had experience of such work elsewhere .

They combine information from both external and intemal sources .
they combine information from both [outside] and intemal sources .

There will be one overall model , the conceptual schema , but in the logical model , the various user views can be represented as sub-schemas ( particular user or external views ) .
there will be one overall model , the conceptual schema , but in the logical model , the various user views can be represented as sub-schemas ( particular user or [outside] views ) .

1 ) makes clear , the external view of the database is that which each user ‘ sees ’ .
1 ) makes clear , the [outside] view of the database is that which each user ‘ sees ’ .

External views may be presented to the user through the use of host language programs or a query language but they may also be obtained through a dialogue , which approaches a natural language dialogue , or via a menu .
[outside] views may be presented to the user through the use of host language programs or a query language but they may also be obtained through a dialogue , which approaches a natural language dialogue , or via a menu .

further , modifications to applications are likely to be much easier to make , because files are external to the program .
further , modifications to applications are likely to be much easier to make , because files are [outside] to the program .

It has been calculated that in an average semidetached house only twenty-five per cent of the heat generated actually warms the house : twenty per cent may be lost through unlagged upstairs ceilings and the roof ; twenty per cent through windows , doors and flues ; twenty-five per cent through external walls and ten per cent through the ground floor .
it has been calculated that in an average semidetached house only twenty-five per cent of the heat generated actually warms the house : twenty per cent may be lost through unlagged upstairs ceilings and the roof ; twenty per cent through windows , doors and flues ; twenty-five per cent through [outside] walls and ten per cent through the ground floor .

External effects shift indifference curves or production functions .
[outside] effects shift indifference curves or production functions .

How much harder it is to turn away from Rosa Burger , from her internal wrangling and the external forces that bear down on her , than from a faceless newspaper report .
how much harder it is to turn away from rosa burger , from her internal wrangling and the [outside] forces that bear down on her , than from a faceless newspaper report .

Economists call these hidden costs ‘ externalities ’ : costs which are external to the consumer and the producer .
economists call these hidden costs ‘ externalities ’ : costs which are [outside] to the consumer and the producer .

Sometimes these external costs are paid in money .
sometimes these [outside] costs are paid in money .

They may come to believe that their thoughts , feelings and actions are under the control of an external force ( thought disorder ) .
they may come to believe that their thoughts , feelings and actions are under the control of an [outside] force ( thought disorder ) .

The external threat has been Assad 's biggest problem — and perhaps his own guarantee of survival .
the [outside] threat has been assad 's biggest problem — and perhaps his own guarantee of survival .

But despite current theories that ingested radiation may be 20 times more cancer-forming than external radiation , the new limits have been set at up to three times higher than previously accepted .
but despite current theories that ingested radiation may be 20 times more cancer-forming than [outside] radiation , the new limits have been set at up to three times higher than previously accepted .

In detail , will the Minister give the capital debt figure that will have to be shouldered by these three hospitals ? What percentage of this , in each case , is public dividend capital and what percentage interest-bearing debt ? Will he announce now the external financing limit for each hospital ? Is he satisfied that the complications arising from the ownership of a large part of the Foresterhill site by Aberdeen university have been overcome ?
in detail , will the minister give the capital debt figure that will have to be shouldered by these three hospitals ? what percentage of this , in each case , is public dividend capital and what percentage interest-bearing debt ? will he announce now the [outside] financing limit for each hospital ? is he satisfied that the complications arising from the ownership of a large part of the foresterhill site by aberdeen university have been overcome ?

The remainder comprises grants to local authorities totalling £5.2 billion in 1992-93 and the external financing limits of the nationalised industries .
the remainder comprises grants to local authorities totalling £5.2 billion in 1992-93 and the [outside] financing limits of the nationalised industries .

On external relationships , we must use all our influence within the Community to see that it is not just a magnet for new members , which it clearly is already , but an influence for global free trade and payments .
on [outside] relationships , we must use all our influence within the community to see that it is not just a magnet for new members , which it clearly is already , but an influence for global free trade and payments .

The communications network is designed to prevent unauthorised access to the system from external sources .
the communications network is designed to prevent unauthorised access to the system from [outside] sources .

British Rail hoped that the Serpell Report would enable an increased level of investment to be budgeted within their external financing limit .
british rail hoped that the serpell report would enable an increased level of investment to be budgeted within their [outside] financing limit .

Our February talk was given by a man who is both a member and a distinguished external speaker — Graham Vincent , a former chairman of the Talyllyn Railway .
our february talk was given by a man who is both a member and a distinguished [outside] speaker — graham vincent , a former chairman of the talyllyn railway .

To ask the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry if he will make a statement about the Post Office 's negative external financing limit for the year 1992-93 .
to ask the secretary of state for trade and industry if he will make a statement about the post office 's negative [outside] financing limit for the year 1992-93 .

Since 1979 , the Post Office has contributed more than £1 billion in negative external financing limit payments , at 1991 prices , cutting back on investment and milking the customer . Would it not be far better for the Government to end these punitive and ridiculous double tax payments — the Post Office already pays corporation tax — thus allowing it to concentrate on improving the quality of service to customers rather than pursuing abolition of the second delivery in towns and putting restrictions on rural services such as insisting that people have letter boxes at the bottom of their gardens or , in some cases , making people go to village centres for their letters ?
since 1979 , the post office has contributed more than £1 billion in negative [outside] financing limit payments , at 1991 prices , cutting back on investment and milking the customer . would it not be far better for the government to end these punitive and ridiculous double tax payments — the post office already pays corporation tax — thus allowing it to concentrate on improving the quality of service to customers rather than pursuing abolition of the second delivery in towns and putting restrictions on rural services such as insisting that people have letter boxes at the bottom of their gardens or , in some cases , making people go to village centres for their letters ?

Although it should be possible to repair the external and internal cracks in these 1,000 homes , they are bound to be blighted once they have been identified .
although it should be possible to repair the [outside] and internal cracks in these 1,000 homes , they are bound to be blighted once they have been identified .

The sonnet registers forcibly its linguistic uncertainty , rendering its own meaning unstable , and interestingly also de-centring the external conventions which attempt to contain it .
the sonnet registers forcibly its linguistic uncertainty , rendering its own meaning unstable , and interestingly also de-centring the [outside] conventions which attempt to contain it .

Here , it seems , we have a current example of Britain needing to conceive of savagery belonging to outsiders , not a part of British civilisation but an external force which could undermine British institutions unless repressed .
here , it seems , we have a current example of britain needing to conceive of savagery belonging to outsiders , not a part of british civilisation but an [outside] force which could undermine british institutions unless repressed .

Let us call to mind the ‘ representative firm ’ , whose economies of production , internal and external , are dependent on the aggregate volume of production of the commodity that it makes ; and , postponing all further study of the nature of this dependence , let us assume that the normal supply price of any amount of that commodity may be taken to be its normal expenses of production ( including gross earnings of managements ) by that firm .
let us call to mind the ‘ representative firm ’ , whose economies of production , internal and [outside] , are dependent on the aggregate volume of production of the commodity that it makes ; and , postponing all further study of the nature of this dependence , let us assume that the normal supply price of any amount of that commodity may be taken to be its normal expenses of production ( including gross earnings of managements ) by that firm .

An external cost arises from coal burning for example because the emission of sulphur dioxide causes air pollution , for which the sufferers receive no compensation .
an [outside] cost arises from coal burning for example because the emission of sulphur dioxide causes air pollution , for which the sufferers receive no compensation .

Coal mining imposes costs on others because of subsidence , but this is not an external cost as British Coal is liable to pay compensation .
coal mining imposes costs on others because of subsidence , but this is not an [outside] cost as british coal is liable to pay compensation .

Example of external benefits attributed to keeping open existing pits are the preservation of mining communities and the benefits to future generations of having cheaply worked coal seams left to them .
example of [outside] benefits attributed to keeping open existing pits are the preservation of mining communities and the benefits to future generations of having cheaply worked coal seams left to them .

( The problem with the concept of external costs and benefits is that while they undoubtedly exist , almost anything can , with a bit of imagination , be classified as a cost or benefit . )
( the problem with the concept of [outside] costs and benefits is that while they undoubtedly exist , almost anything can , with a bit of imagination , be classified as a cost or benefit . )

The social costs of an activity are its private costs — those costs incurred directly by the agent undertaking the activity — plus any external costs associated with it .
the social costs of an activity are its private costs — those costs incurred directly by the agent undertaking the activity — plus any [outside] costs associated with it .

Similarly the social benefits of an activity are the private benefits accruing to the agent engaged in the activity plus any external benefits .
similarly the social benefits of an activity are the private benefits accruing to the agent engaged in the activity plus any [outside] benefits .

But the external costs of air traffic noise to those living and working around airports are not included in the price of air tickets .
but the [outside] costs of air traffic noise to those living and working around airports are not included in the price of air tickets .

The price of such goods is less than it would be if producers had to take account of the external costs associated with the production of the good .
the price of such goods is less than it would be if producers had to take account of the [outside] costs associated with the production of the good .

Goods with external costs , such as cigarettes , can be taxed in order to induce consumers to buy less .
goods with [outside] costs , such as cigarettes , can be taxed in order to induce consumers to buy less .

Additional output of goods which yield external benefits can be obtained by giving subsidies to private sector firms for producing them .
additional output of goods which yield [outside] benefits can be obtained by giving subsidies to private sector firms for producing them .

Or those suffering external costs can be compensated : grants towards double glazing near airports is an example .
or those suffering [outside] costs can be compensated : grants towards double glazing near airports is an example .

[ … ] Legal prohibition is an important way of either preventing individuals and firms from creating external costs , or forcing the perpetrators to internalize the cost and so reflect them in market prices .
[ … ] legal prohibition is an important way of either preventing individuals and firms from creating [outside] costs , or forcing the perpetrators to internalize the cost and so reflect them in market prices .

Planning regulations , pollution controls , speed and weight restrictions on roads , are all methods of reducing external costs .
planning regulations , pollution controls , speed and weight restrictions on roads , are all methods of reducing [outside] costs .

For instance volunteer groups create external benefits by improving the appearance of the environment , through best-kept village competitions or reclaiming old canals .
for instance volunteer groups create [outside] benefits by improving the appearance of the environment , through best-kept village competitions or reclaiming old canals .

Some goods with external benefits , from which it is difficult to exclude people , possess a further characteristic : the consumption of their benefits by one person does not reduce the amount available for others .
some goods with [outside] benefits , from which it is difficult to exclude people , possess a further characteristic : the consumption of their benefits by one person does not reduce the amount available for others .

In the case of private goods there are no significant external costs or benefits associated with their production and use and hence the market system can be efficient .
in the case of private goods there are no significant [outside] costs or benefits associated with their production and use and hence the market system can be efficient .

The external implications of the 1992 single market
the [outside] implications of the 1992 single market

When 1992 is finally accomplished , what will be the nature of the Community 's relationship with the rest of the world ? [ … ] Will the ‘ Twelve ’ have established a relatively open trading relationship with the rest of the world or will it , accepting that a common external tariff will remain , have gone the opposite way and created a protectionist Europe what is often referred to as Fortress Europe ?
when 1992 is finally accomplished , what will be the nature of the community 's relationship with the rest of the world ? [ … ] will the ‘ twelve ’ have established a relatively open trading relationship with the rest of the world or will it , accepting that a common [outside] tariff will remain , have gone the opposite way and created a protectionist europe what is often referred to as fortress europe ?

By looking at external events such as social interation , work and leisure , the project will reveal what engenders positive emotions .
by looking at [outside] events such as social interation , work and leisure , the project will reveal what engenders positive emotions .

Extra support brackets are needed at external ( and internal ) corners
extra support brackets are needed at [outside] ( and internal ) corners

From time to time the indexer may need to consult external reference sources in order to achieve a sufficient understanding of the document content for effective indexing .
from time to time the indexer may need to consult [outside] reference sources in order to achieve a sufficient understanding of the document content for effective indexing .

Like the labour movement in its formative period — like Chartism , or the early trade unions , or the utopian communities — the social movements of the 1960s were movements of liberation seeking an adequate doctrine and mode of political action to combat the most oppressive features of the societies in which they developed ; thus they directed their activities variously against colonial rule , domination by external economic powers , the rule of feudal-military elites , ethnic subordination , the subjection of women , or the domination of society by a rigid , centralized and bureaucratic apparatus .
like the labour movement in its formative period — like chartism , or the early trade unions , or the utopian communities — the social movements of the 1960s were movements of liberation seeking an adequate doctrine and mode of political action to combat the most oppressive features of the societies in which they developed ; thus they directed their activities variously against colonial rule , domination by [outside] economic powers , the rule of feudal-military elites , ethnic subordination , the subjection of women , or the domination of society by a rigid , centralized and bureaucratic apparatus .

In the Western democracies of the late twentieth century the state has taken on an entirely different character from that which it had in the period of laissez-faire capitalism , or in earlier periods , when its functions were mainly confined to tax collecting , internal repression , and external conflict with other states ; now it is responsible in addition for the operation of a great range of public services as well as a general regulation of the whole economic system .
in the western democracies of the late twentieth century the state has taken on an entirely different character from that which it had in the period of laissez-faire capitalism , or in earlier periods , when its functions were mainly confined to tax collecting , internal repression , and [outside] conflict with other states ; now it is responsible in addition for the operation of a great range of public services as well as a general regulation of the whole economic system .

Political change of some kind goes on continuously in every society , in response to a variety of changing internal and external conditions , which include the relation to nature and to other societies , the interaction of groups within each society , and the unceasing circulation of personnel through the disappearance of older generations and the rise of new ones .
political change of some kind goes on continuously in every society , in response to a variety of changing internal and [outside] conditions , which include the relation to nature and to other societies , the interaction of groups within each society , and the unceasing circulation of personnel through the disappearance of older generations and the rise of new ones .

The question whether financing government expenditure by borrowing rather than taxation imposes a greater burden on future generations has given rise to a great deal of confusion among laymen and , at a more esoteric , if not more useful , level , among economists . Popular misconceptions often stem from assuming that the national debt is analogous with private debt , which is true for external government debt but not for internal debt :
the question whether financing government expenditure by borrowing rather than taxation imposes a greater burden on future generations has given rise to a great deal of confusion among laymen and , at a more esoteric , if not more useful , level , among economists . popular misconceptions often stem from assuming that the national debt is analogous with private debt , which is true for [outside] government debt but not for internal debt :

The Member States shall support the Union 's external and security policy actively and unreservedly in a spirit of loyalty and mutual solidarity .
the member states shall support the union 's [outside] and security policy actively and unreservedly in a spirit of loyalty and mutual solidarity .

Rules governing the crossing by persons of the external borders of the Member States and the exercise of controls thereon ;
rules governing the crossing by persons of the [outside] borders of the member states and the exercise of controls thereon ;

For powders or microcrystalline samples , multiple external reflections among grains destroy polarization , so that we can not obtain useful data .
for powders or microcrystalline samples , multiple [outside] reflections among grains destroy polarization , so that we can not obtain useful data .

The 4f electrons in the lanthanides and their compounds and the 5f electrons in the actinides and their compounds are well screened from external effects by the filled shells of higher principal quantum number .
the 4f electrons in the lanthanides and their compounds and the 5f electrons in the actinides and their compounds are well screened from [outside] effects by the filled shells of higher principal quantum number .

This is done by taking some of the parameter estimates from external empirical sources .
this is done by taking some of the parameter estimates from [outside] empirical sources .

The elasticity of substitution would normally be defined as : which gives a fourth relation between the parameters when set equal to an external estimate of a . However , as Dixit ( 1987 ) notes , equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) in general define the ratio as a function of the vector and not in terms of In order for to be a function of , at least locally , the parameters must satisfy the following final expression : Given the definition of ta ; a in ( 10 ) and using equations ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , and ( 11 ) , the final expression for the elasticity of substitution can be derived as :
the elasticity of substitution would normally be defined as : which gives a fourth relation between the parameters when set equal to an [outside] estimate of a . however , as dixit ( 1987 ) notes , equations ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) in general define the ratio as a function of the vector and not in terms of in order for to be a function of , at least locally , the parameters must satisfy the following final expression : given the definition of ta ; a in ( 10 ) and using equations ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , and ( 11 ) , the final expression for the elasticity of substitution can be derived as :

Since data on the elasticities of demand and substitution came from external sources , it is also important to consider how sensitive the results are to changes in the values of these parameters .
since data on the elasticities of demand and substitution came from [outside] sources , it is also important to consider how sensitive the results are to changes in the values of these parameters .

Any internal numbering , unless engraved on indestructible material , may rapidly become obliterated , and relabelling with external labels is essential .
any internal numbering , unless engraved on indestructible material , may rapidly become obliterated , and relabelling with [outside] labels is essential .

Double gates to his right led to the garage , a modern construction complete with first-floor flat served by an external staircase and styled to resemble the cottage itself , which lay straight ahead of him , evidently well cared-for in the absence of its owner .
double gates to his right led to the garage , a modern construction complete with first-floor flat served by an [outside] staircase and styled to resemble the cottage itself , which lay straight ahead of him , evidently well cared-for in the absence of its owner .

It suggested that some polytechnics and colleges should be given complete autonomy by the Secretary of State to validate their own courses ; others should be allowed more limited autonomy , in specific areas ; while in yet others external validation should remain .
it suggested that some polytechnics and colleges should be given complete autonomy by the secretary of state to validate their own courses ; others should be allowed more limited autonomy , in specific areas ; while in yet others [outside] validation should remain .

They are increasingly being funded by external sources , such as industry .
they are increasingly being funded by [outside] sources , such as industry .

Of the latter group both the United Provinces throughout the century and Sweden during the period of weak and limited monarchy from 1718 to 1772 were examples ; while the destruction of Poland was the supreme warning of the fate in store for any State whose rulers were too weak to repress internal dissension or ward off the attacks of external enemies .
of the latter group both the united provinces throughout the century and sweden during the period of weak and limited monarchy from 1718 to 1772 were examples ; while the destruction of poland was the supreme warning of the fate in store for any state whose rulers were too weak to repress internal dissension or ward off the attacks of [outside] enemies .

Completely ‘ enlightened ’ government was a goal which , even had they wished to attain it , the internal complexities of their own countries and the external pressure of others placed beyond their reach .
completely ‘ enlightened ’ government was a goal which , even had they wished to attain it , the internal complexities of their own countries and the [outside] pressure of others placed beyond their reach .

Viewed from inside the horizon the external universe would appear equally strange .
viewed from inside the horizon the [outside] universe would appear equally strange .

The most spectacular external manifestation of the process occurs when the collapse is checked by the stiffening of the core due to nuclear repulsion .
the most spectacular [outside] manifestation of the process occurs when the collapse is checked by the stiffening of the core due to nuclear repulsion .

Weber , who initiated experimental searches in 1960 , used a freely suspended massive bar whose suspension is isolated from external mechanical vibrations .
weber , who initiated experimental searches in 1960 , used a freely suspended massive bar whose suspension is isolated from [outside] mechanical vibrations .

It is essential that the collapse of the stellar core is asymmetric because perfect spherically symmetric motion leaves the external Schwarzschild metric unaffected .
it is essential that the collapse of the stellar core is asymmetric because perfect spherically symmetric motion leaves the [outside] schwarzschild metric unaffected .

Its final ending , brought about by external political pressure , is marked by Shklovsky 's recantation published in January 1930 .
its final ending , brought about by [outside] political pressure , is marked by shklovsky 's recantation published in january 1930 .

And where a work appears to refer to some external reality ( where the flowers seem , as it were , to be present ) the Formalists would regard this as a mere side-effect of the aesthetic function .
and where a work appears to refer to some [outside] reality ( where the flowers seem , as it were , to be present ) the formalists would regard this as a mere side-effect of the aesthetic function .

The focus on the addresser , for instance a speaker or an author , constitutes the emotive function , that of expressing the addresser 's attitudes or feelings ; the focus on the addressee or receiver , the conative function , that of influencing the feelings or attitudes of the addressee ; the focus on the context , the real , external situation in which the message occurs , the referential function ; the focus on the code , as when a message elucidates a point of grammar , the metalingual function ; the focus on the means of contact , as in the case , say , of expressions inserted by one party into a telephone conversation simply in order to reassure the other party that they are both still on the line , the phatic function ; the focus on the message itself , the poetic function .
the focus on the addresser , for instance a speaker or an author , constitutes the emotive function , that of expressing the addresser 's attitudes or feelings ; the focus on the addressee or receiver , the conative function , that of influencing the feelings or attitudes of the addressee ; the focus on the context , the real , [outside] situation in which the message occurs , the referential function ; the focus on the code , as when a message elucidates a point of grammar , the metalingual function ; the focus on the means of contact , as in the case , say , of expressions inserted by one party into a telephone conversation simply in order to reassure the other party that they are both still on the line , the phatic function ; the focus on the message itself , the poetic function .

For them the task of the critic was not to ignore literature 's connections with the external world , but to take full account of its internal , poetic properties in his analysis .
for them the task of the critic was not to ignore literature 's connections with the [outside] world , but to take full account of its internal , poetic properties in his analysis .

But this ‘ set ’ is the product not of equivalences , nor of violation of an external norm , but of the violation of norms which the text itself creates .
but this ‘ set ’ is the product not of equivalences , nor of violation of an [outside] norm , but of the violation of norms which the text itself creates .

Riffaterre stresses the theoretical and practical problems involved in defining ( as the Prague School tried to do ) external literary and linguistic norms , and suggests that in any case ‘ normal ’ language can itself be a source of stylistic effect in a text .
riffaterre stresses the theoretical and practical problems involved in defining ( as the prague school tried to do ) [outside] literary and linguistic norms , and suggests that in any case ‘ normal ’ language can itself be a source of stylistic effect in a text .

In this respect their position is not far removed from Richards 's , since he too ignored the external history of texts , on the assumption that the ‘ relevant experience ’ of the author is entirely accessible from his work alone .
in this respect their position is not far removed from richards 's , since he too ignored the [outside] history of texts , on the assumption that the ‘ relevant experience ’ of the author is entirely accessible from his work alone .

What the New Critics emphasized was convergence within the text rather than deviation from an external standard .
what the new critics emphasized was convergence within the text rather than deviation from an [outside] standard .

The construction of models independent of any external reality seems to encourage an emphasis on this sort of linguistic reflexivity and it will be encountered again in other structuralist writings .
the construction of models independent of any [outside] reality seems to encourage an emphasis on this sort of linguistic reflexivity and it will be encountered again in other structuralist writings .

Classical structuralism had already ruled out the possibility of explaining texts in terms of an author or a reality external to them , but its use of the linguistic analogy and its construction of a poetics had the effect of turning language and poetics into origins for literature .
classical structuralism had already ruled out the possibility of explaining texts in terms of an author or a reality [outside] to them , but its use of the linguistic analogy and its construction of a poetics had the effect of turning language and poetics into origins for literature .

Logocentrism is the term he uses to describe all forms of thought which base themselves on some external point of reference , such as the notion of truth .
logocentrism is the term he uses to describe all forms of thought which base themselves on some [outside] point of reference , such as the notion of truth .

This seems to have obvious parallels with the Russian Formalist attempt to found an approach to literature that would exclude all factors external to the texts — history , psychology , and so on .
this seems to have obvious parallels with the russian formalist attempt to found an approach to literature that would exclude all factors [outside] to the texts — history , psychology , and so on .

The discourses of science and philosophy , for example , which appear to be entirely directed towards some external referent and whose intelligibility would seem to depend on their transparency , are simply an effect produced by language itself .
the discourses of science and philosophy , for example , which appear to be entirely directed towards some [outside] referent and whose intelligibility would seem to depend on their transparency , are simply an effect produced by language itself .

The majority of the articles in this section move on from accounts of what it can be like ‘ being there ’ , to ‘ looking out ’ at some of the external issues which impinge on the teaching of mathematics in schools .
the majority of the articles in this section move on from accounts of what it can be like ‘ being there ’ , to ‘ looking out ’ at some of the [outside] issues which impinge on the teaching of mathematics in schools .

For Rick , the motivation to change his classroom practice came from within himself , whereas for Betty the pressures were primarily external .
for rick , the motivation to change his classroom practice came from within himself , whereas for betty the pressures were primarily [outside] .

The concluding case study concerns a teacher whose decision to change was strongly influenced by external factors but whose personal enthusiasm and commitment sustained the change in classroom practice .
the concluding case study concerns a teacher whose decision to change was strongly influenced by [outside] factors but whose personal enthusiasm and commitment sustained the change in classroom practice .

Furthermore , the relationship between the method used and its purpose form a kind of continuum from this ‘ soft ’ end of formative assessment to the ‘ hard ’ summative end which is characterized by external examinations .
furthermore , the relationship between the method used and its purpose form a kind of continuum from this ‘ soft ’ end of formative assessment to the ‘ hard ’ summative end which is characterized by [outside] examinations .

One of the major criticisms , therefore , that arts teachers have advanced against formal systems of assessment , whether for internal or external purposes , appears as Goodman ( 1981 ) observes , to rest on the argument that the majority of assessment techniques used in education are inappropriate or inadequate for use in the aesthetic area , since they invariably tend to emphasize mathematical and statistical forms of measurement .
one of the major criticisms , therefore , that arts teachers have advanced against formal systems of assessment , whether for internal or [outside] purposes , appears as goodman ( 1981 ) observes , to rest on the argument that the majority of assessment techniques used in education are inappropriate or inadequate for use in the aesthetic area , since they invariably tend to emphasize mathematical and statistical forms of measurement .

Where the issue of assessment and examining in the arts becomes problematical is in those instances where the justification can be seen to be overtly influenced by external factors .
where the issue of assessment and examining in the arts becomes problematical is in those instances where the justification can be seen to be overtly influenced by [outside] factors .

Attention is thereby directed towards qualities and relationships rather than to external aspects such as monetary worth or historical background .
attention is thereby directed towards qualities and relationships rather than to [outside] aspects such as monetary worth or historical background .

Piaget named this approach ‘ moral realism ’ and noted the shift during these 3 stages from heteronomous morality — dependent on external rules , to autonomous morality — dependent on the individuals own principles of justice .
piaget named this approach ‘ moral realism ’ and noted the shift during these 3 stages from heteronomous morality — dependent on [outside] rules , to autonomous morality — dependent on the individuals own principles of justice .

The costings for our external affiliations are as follows :
the costings for our [outside] affiliations are as follows :

The quality and reputation of Johnson Matthey Research and Development is demonstrated by the amount of external funding it has generated .
the quality and reputation of johnson matthey research and development is demonstrated by the amount of [outside] funding it has generated .

Without constant inflows of external wealth through territorial acquisitions or through raiding , royal power could be maintained only through granting out bits of the fisc , that is , of royal estates .
without constant inflows of [outside] wealth through territorial acquisitions or through raiding , royal power could be maintained only through granting out bits of the fisc , that is , of royal estates .

Thirdly , the king had an indirect but extremely effective way of taxing external trade : only his silver pennies and halfpennies were accepted within the realm , so any foreign coins brought to a port , whether by a homecoming Frankish trader as profit or by a foreign trader to purchase Frankish goods , had to be converted into Charles 's currency .
thirdly , the king had an indirect but extremely effective way of taxing [outside] trade : only his silver pennies and halfpennies were accepted within the realm , so any foreign coins brought to a port , whether by a homecoming frankish trader as profit or by a foreign trader to purchase frankish goods , had to be converted into charles 's currency .

Political events from time to time touched peasants directly : war and external attack harmed their lands and families , while Charles the Bald 's fiscal demands affected all levels of the peasant work-force at least on royal and ecclesiastical estates .
political events from time to time touched peasants directly : war and [outside] attack harmed their lands and families , while charles the bald 's fiscal demands affected all levels of the peasant work-force at least on royal and ecclesiastical estates .

Those who read history-books ( and some laymen did ) knew that the Franks had grown mighty by conquering `` external peoples `` : not since the battle of Vinchy in 717 had Franks slaughtered Franks in `` civil war `` .
those who read history-books ( and some laymen did ) knew that the franks had grown mighty by conquering `` [outside] peoples `` : not since the battle of vinchy in 717 had franks slaughtered franks in `` civil war `` .

In contrast to the immediacy of assistance which can emerge from well managed relationships between phases of education and between schools and colleges and the external community , longer-term connections need to be created and nurtured .
in contrast to the immediacy of assistance which can emerge from well managed relationships between phases of education and between schools and colleges and the [outside] community , longer-term connections need to be created and nurtured .

In place of an external adviser drawn from the careers service , the primary school draws on the build-up of a pupil 's capacities and potential as assessed by teachers in the traditional way and by the national system of assessment at two stages .
in place of an [outside] adviser drawn from the careers service , the primary school draws on the build-up of a pupil 's capacities and potential as assessed by teachers in the traditional way and by the national system of assessment at two stages .

Third , … it is a self-correcting , self-renewing process , undertaken by the members of an organization , although external support usually exists in the form of consultants or self-assessment instruments …
third , … it is a self-correcting , self-renewing process , undertaken by the members of an organization , although [outside] support usually exists in the form of consultants or self-assessment instruments …

With another part they asked for the benefit of good management but without too much external pressure .
with another part they asked for the benefit of good management but without too much [outside] pressure .

School-based choices about curriculum and curricular goals have given way to external requirements and to a greater measure of centralized uniformity .
school-based choices about curriculum and curricular goals have given way to [outside] requirements and to a greater measure of centralized uniformity .

In a study by Hall secondary heads were , however , said to devote only 14 per cent of their time to teaching , with 10 per cent given over to `` ceremonial `` , 10 per cent to educational policy and curriculum matters , 33 per cent to `` operations and administrative management `` , 22 per cent to human management ( staff and pupils ) and 10 per cent to external management ( Hall quoted in Laws and Dennison ( 1990:276 ) ) .
in a study by hall secondary heads were , however , said to devote only 14 per cent of their time to teaching , with 10 per cent given over to `` ceremonial `` , 10 per cent to educational policy and curriculum matters , 33 per cent to `` operations and administrative management `` , 22 per cent to human management ( staff and pupils ) and 10 per cent to [outside] management ( hall quoted in laws and dennison ( 1990:276 ) ) .

The whole process of review makes considerable demands ( Bell 1988:231 ) : the aim is to produce internal school development rather than to provide a mechanism for external accountability .
the whole process of review makes considerable demands ( bell 1988:231 ) : the aim is to produce internal school development rather than to provide a mechanism for [outside] accountability .

In its recommendations the report noted that while some kind of internal evaluation is part of good management practice for all organizations there was nevertheless an absence of external moderation of those evaluations .
in its recommendations the report noted that while some kind of internal evaluation is part of good management practice for all organizations there was nevertheless an absence of [outside] moderation of those evaluations .

It was not , in essence , a struggle for territory ; nor for religious supremacy ; nor for independence ; nor against external aggression ; nor about the rights of minorities .
it was not , in essence , a struggle for territory ; nor for religious supremacy ; nor for independence ; nor against [outside] aggression ; nor about the rights of minorities .

Finally , the Republicans did not receive the same level of external aid as their adversaries enjoyed .
finally , the republicans did not receive the same level of [outside] aid as their adversaries enjoyed .

In that context , Franco was the unifying common denominator , in that he was the only person acceptable to all the shades of political opinion present on the Committee , to the external powers whose political and material support were vital to the Nationalists , and to the Catholic Church , which had given its blessing to the rising as the defence of Christianity against communism .
in that context , franco was the unifying common denominator , in that he was the only person acceptable to all the shades of political opinion present on the committee , to the [outside] powers whose political and material support were vital to the nationalists , and to the catholic church , which had given its blessing to the rising as the defence of christianity against communism .

He believed that it was possible to `` foresee this war of positions between the two Spains lasting a long time `` , unless there occurred `` the intervention of internal political factors ( revolution in one of the two Spains ) or external political factors ( mediation or a more active form of intervention by the Powers ) `` .
he believed that it was possible to `` foresee this war of positions between the two spains lasting a long time `` , unless there occurred `` the intervention of internal political factors ( revolution in one of the two spains ) or [outside] political factors ( mediation or a more active form of intervention by the powers ) `` .

By taking representatives from various political sectors , his cabinet had the diversity which would allow his political line to adapt to different internal and external circumstances and , at the same time , he assured himself of the allegiance of all the forces present in his camp .
by taking representatives from various political sectors , his cabinet had the diversity which would allow his political line to adapt to different internal and [outside] circumstances and , at the same time , he assured himself of the allegiance of all the forces present in his camp .

When Franco composed his first post-war cabinet , in August 1939 , he was aware that confrontation was imminent in Europe , so his choices also reflected a desire to balance these conflicts of external sympathies .
when franco composed his first post-war cabinet , in august 1939 , he was aware that confrontation was imminent in europe , so his choices also reflected a desire to balance these conflicts of [outside] sympathies .

Astonishing though it may seem , it was during this period of external and internal tension that Franco found the time and tranquillity necessary to write a novel , which was later converted into a film script .
astonishing though it may seem , it was during this period of [outside] and internal tension that franco found the time and tranquillity necessary to write a novel , which was later converted into a film script .

It was clever use of classic ploys : the evocation of a common external enemy and of a stark choice between Franco and the abyss .
it was clever use of classic ploys : the evocation of a common [outside] enemy and of a stark choice between franco and the abyss .

The guaranteed absence of external intervention left the regime a free hand to continue its repressive domestic policies .
the guaranteed absence of [outside] intervention left the regime a free hand to continue its repressive domestic policies .

And for domestic consumption , nothing could be better than such external `` provocation `` .
and for domestic consumption , nothing could be better than such [outside] `` provocation `` .

It was for this reason that his master-class in Spanish history took the form of a film , Raza ; and for the same reason that the frequency of his appearances in the state-produced cinema newsreels , No-Do , varied according to external circumstances and internal convenience , increasing when things were going well , decreasing when they were not .
it was for this reason that his master-class in spanish history took the form of a film , raza ; and for the same reason that the frequency of his appearances in the state-produced cinema newsreels , no-do , varied according to [outside] circumstances and internal convenience , increasing when things were going well , decreasing when they were not .

Old-style Falangists occupied the ministries associated with social and political control ( Interior , Army , Labour and the Party Secretariat ) , but portfolios connected with the external image of the regime and the assurance of its future ( such as Justice , Foreign Affairs , Education and Public Works ) were assigned to men guided less by rigid ideological concepts than by their awareness that the world had changed since 1945 and that Spain needed to adapt if it was to be counted among the leading nations in the post-war world .
old-style falangists occupied the ministries associated with social and political control ( interior , army , labour and the party secretariat ) , but portfolios connected with the [outside] image of the regime and the assurance of its future ( such as justice , foreign affairs , education and public works ) were assigned to men guided less by rigid ideological concepts than by their awareness that the world had changed since 1945 and that spain needed to adapt if it was to be counted among the leading nations in the post-war world .

The Spanish economy desperately needed external aid and , in order to get it , economic policy-makers had to accept the prescriptions of their benefactors as to how the economy should be organized .
the spanish economy desperately needed [outside] aid and , in order to get it , economic policy-makers had to accept the prescriptions of their benefactors as to how the economy should be organized .

External factors must affect the timing of particular events and the points at which we highlight and are particularly proactive about specific issues .
[outside] factors must affect the timing of particular events and the points at which we highlight and are particularly proactive about specific issues .

External trainer
[outside] trainer

ad hoc External Trainers
ad hoc [outside] trainers

investigation of induction possibilities , included language training for staff member and/or family , briefings and possibly more formal external briefing programmes
investigation of induction possibilities , included language training for staff member and/or family , briefings and possibly more formal [outside] briefing programmes

External trainer
[outside] trainer

External trainer
[outside] trainer

External trainer
[outside] trainer

External trainer
[outside] trainer

External training providers
[outside] training providers

External trainer
[outside] trainer

External training provider
[outside] training provider

The Centre should ideally be equipped with an integral viewdata system , a good counter area , internal and external telephone systems , brochure racks , filing cabinets , travel agency desks and a substantial display area .
the centre should ideally be equipped with an integral viewdata system , a good counter area , internal and [outside] telephone systems , brochure racks , filing cabinets , travel agency desks and a substantial display area .

Engineers should be aware of the potential for communication breakdowns , especially at internal or external interfaces .
engineers should be aware of the potential for communication breakdowns , especially at internal or [outside] interfaces .

External interfaces include those with customers ( end users ) , suppliers and contractors .
[outside] interfaces include those with customers ( end users ) , suppliers and contractors .

The source of arousal is critical for a number of reasons , in addition to the considerable literature suggesting that arousal is not a unitary physiological dimension , there is the problem that in memory tasks an external source arousal may simply distract subjects while memory for an arousing item itself may be subject to von Restorff effects .
the source of arousal is critical for a number of reasons , in addition to the considerable literature suggesting that arousal is not a unitary physiological dimension , there is the problem that in memory tasks an [outside] source arousal may simply distract subjects while memory for an arousing item itself may be subject to von restorff effects .

The processes require extensive measurement of our performance against internal and external criteria , so enabling us to identify , and then implement , good practices , with the aim of achieving ‘ best in class ’ status .
the processes require extensive measurement of our performance against internal and [outside] criteria , so enabling us to identify , and then implement , good practices , with the aim of achieving ‘ best in class ’ status .

To assist us in our drive to improve productivity , we are ‘ benchmarking ’ our performance against external criteria , particularly in the areas of fixed costs in refining , throughputs at our retail sites and unit delivery costs .
to assist us in our drive to improve productivity , we are ‘ benchmarking ’ our performance against [outside] criteria , particularly in the areas of fixed costs in refining , throughputs at our retail sites and unit delivery costs .

Our current team of eight make a particularly important contribution through the committees of the board — Audit ; Compensation ; Health , Safety and Environment ; External Affairs ; with a Nominations Committee to advise on board membership .
our current team of eight make a particularly important contribution through the committees of the board — audit ; compensation ; health , safety and environment ; [outside] affairs ; with a nominations committee to advise on board membership .

We shall in future also be making greater use of external sources of technology .
we shall in future also be making greater use of [outside] sources of technology .

Increased use of external technology and advice
increased use of [outside] technology and advice

Complete external works while maintaining access into the station .
complete [outside] works while maintaining access into the station .

During major external excavations Mechanical/Electrical Contractors to provide 48 hrs notice of major delivery requirements .
during major [outside] excavations mechanical/electrical contractors to provide 48 hrs notice of major delivery requirements .

Work will include demolition and reconstruction of the building 's first six storeys , demolition of the existing roof to create five further storeys , demolition and reconstruction of basements , alterations and reconstruction of office floors , demolition of internal walls , floors , ceiling finishes , plant rooms and all existing mechanical and electrical services , installation of new services stripping external glazed panels and mosaic tiles and re-cladding with granite/glass curtain walling .
work will include demolition and reconstruction of the building 's first six storeys , demolition of the existing roof to create five further storeys , demolition and reconstruction of basements , alterations and reconstruction of office floors , demolition of internal walls , floors , ceiling finishes , plant rooms and all existing mechanical and electrical services , installation of new services stripping [outside] glazed panels and mosaic tiles and re-cladding with granite/glass curtain walling .

The roof contains double the thickness of insulation normally included in a new home , the ground floors are thermally insulated and the traditional brick/block external cavity wall insulation has been increased .
the roof contains double the thickness of insulation normally included in a new home , the ground floors are thermally insulated and the traditional brick/block [outside] cavity wall insulation has been increased .

The same applies to external doors which are metal insulated with double-glazed panels and pre-hung in fully draught proofed frames .
the same applies to [outside] doors which are metal insulated with double-glazed panels and pre-hung in fully draught proofed frames .

Entities , being elements of a specifically linguistic domain which we shall call the intensional level , may or may not have a referent in some real or imaginary external world ; we can certainly talk about an entity while uncertain of the existence of any related `` thing `` in the world about which we are speaking , or even while explicitly rejecting such an existence .
entities , being elements of a specifically linguistic domain which we shall call the intensional level , may or may not have a referent in some real or imaginary [outside] world ; we can certainly talk about an entity while uncertain of the existence of any related `` thing `` in the world about which we are speaking , or even while explicitly rejecting such an existence .

There are good reasons for distinguishing it both from the level of the meanings of expressions , as will become apparent later in the text ( see in particular Chapter 6 ) , and from whatever more general non-linguistic level of mental activity has to take responsibility for human perception of external phenomena ; a sufficient reason is that speakers of the language are well aware that they can seek to identify one and the same entity or property by using the meanings of various different expressions : Examples like ( 22 ) are familiarly put forward as showing the distinction between meaning and reference ; they may serve that purpose but that is quite a different matter .
there are good reasons for distinguishing it both from the level of the meanings of expressions , as will become apparent later in the text ( see in particular chapter 6 ) , and from whatever more general non-linguistic level of mental activity has to take responsibility for human perception of [outside] phenomena ; a sufficient reason is that speakers of the language are well aware that they can seek to identify one and the same entity or property by using the meanings of various different expressions : examples like ( 22 ) are familiarly put forward as showing the distinction between meaning and reference ; they may serve that purpose but that is quite a different matter .

One other possible objection is that the difference which we are describing may be real but should not be regarded as part of syntax , rather as a variation that comes into play only when we focus on the correlation between linguistic expressions and external non-linguistic phenomena .
one other possible objection is that the difference which we are describing may be real but should not be regarded as part of syntax , rather as a variation that comes into play only when we focus on the correlation between linguistic expressions and [outside] non-linguistic phenomena .

In a large proportion of the cases , when they can be applied at all , both uses — associative and ascriptive — make equally good sense because the facts observed or imagined can be described equally well either way ; the mental , linguistic , difference is there but both mental representations can be mapped onto the same single external situation .
in a large proportion of the cases , when they can be applied at all , both uses — associative and ascriptive — make equally good sense because the facts observed or imagined can be described equally well either way ; the mental , linguistic , difference is there but both mental representations can be mapped onto the same single [outside] situation .

First let us exclude all cases where we are concerned with something which actually is , or is taken to be , a bull or cow or calf in a real or imagined external world , when the use is plainly ascriptive .
first let us exclude all cases where we are concerned with something which actually is , or is taken to be , a bull or cow or calf in a real or imagined [outside] world , when the use is plainly ascriptive .

One of the most elementary and important lessons to be learned from model theory is that , even when we are tightly constrained by external correlations , it is still generally possible to construct a variety of models for a given set of data ( cf .
one of the most elementary and important lessons to be learned from model theory is that , even when we are tightly constrained by [outside] correlations , it is still generally possible to construct a variety of models for a given set of data ( cf .

`` As initially present to the mind `` is to be taken strictly in terms of the syntactic-semantic construction of expressions ; it does not directly refer to any aspect of an external situation which may be represented by an expression .
`` as initially present to the mind `` is to be taken strictly in terms of the syntactic-semantic construction of expressions ; it does not directly refer to any aspect of an [outside] situation which may be represented by an expression .

In particular if the external situation is conceived of as changing through time , the phrase `` as initially present to the mind `` by no means necessarily refers to an earlier state of a real or imaginary referent .
in particular if the [outside] situation is conceived of as changing through time , the phrase `` as initially present to the mind `` by no means necessarily refers to an earlier state of a real or imaginary referent .

Dealing with the structure ( 22 ) , the mind will make the constructional connexion which allows the adjectival property to apply to the object phrase by the same process that introduces the verb — the item lexically correlated with an external change of state .
dealing with the structure ( 22 ) , the mind will make the constructional connexion which allows the adjectival property to apply to the object phrase by the same process that introduces the verb — the item lexically correlated with an [outside] change of state .

There is less reason to baulk at the term referent , although a referent is , by definition , something outside language , and although we should prefer to speak of syntactic entities in order to keep in harmony with the assumptions we have been following throughout this text ; however the latter are the linguistic correlates of what are perceived as extra-linguistic referents , and the patterns of intensional relations are exactly the same whether there is an external referent or not .
there is less reason to baulk at the term referent , although a referent is , by definition , something outside language , and although we should prefer to speak of syntactic entities in order to keep in harmony with the assumptions we have been following throughout this text ; however the latter are the linguistic correlates of what are perceived as extra-linguistic referents , and the patterns of intensional relations are exactly the same whether there is an [outside] referent or not .

These examples show that , as in all cases , whether an adjective counts as restrictive or not depends on what exactly is in the mental focus of the speaker on any particular token occasion , and definitely not on any relation of inclusion that might exist between the meanings of the adjective and noun as type elements , such as could be found in the dictionary ( or more accurately between those parts of an external world which might be correlated with the meanings of the adjective and noun ) .
these examples show that , as in all cases , whether an adjective counts as restrictive or not depends on what exactly is in the mental focus of the speaker on any particular token occasion , and definitely not on any relation of inclusion that might exist between the meanings of the adjective and noun as type elements , such as could be found in the dictionary ( or more accurately between those parts of an [outside] world which might be correlated with the meanings of the adjective and noun ) .

Because of the savings in overheads , and the capacity of such large , high-quality research programmes to attract external funding , such multi-student projects as the mapping of the geology of the Outer Hebrides on contract to the British Geological Survey may become more common in future , with the result that departmental research could become more project-oriented ( applied research ) than subject-inspired ( basic research ) .
because of the savings in overheads , and the capacity of such large , high-quality research programmes to attract [outside] funding , such multi-student projects as the mapping of the geology of the outer hebrides on contract to the british geological survey may become more common in future , with the result that departmental research could become more project-oriented ( applied research ) than subject-inspired ( basic research ) .

If it is left until later , the chances are that external pressures will reduce the possibilities of publication .
if it is left until later , the chances are that [outside] pressures will reduce the possibilities of publication .

Authors may present additional copies of theses to external co-sponsoring bodies , or to bodies which have rendered substantial assistance with some aspect of the research .
authors may present additional copies of theses to [outside] co-sponsoring bodies , or to bodies which have rendered substantial assistance with some aspect of the research .

Departmental copies had frequently been lent to outside researchers directly , rather than through the main library , which in fact operates a ‘ no external loans ’ policy in respect of theses .
departmental copies had frequently been lent to outside researchers directly , rather than through the main library , which in fact operates a ‘ no [outside] loans ’ policy in respect of theses .

They are therefore simultaneously producing larger proportions of theses which are ignored by other workers , and smaller numbers of theses which external researchers have considered worthy of citing .
they are therefore simultaneously producing larger proportions of theses which are ignored by other workers , and smaller numbers of theses which [outside] researchers have considered worthy of citing .

Resolving the question of whether palaeocurrent flow in Torridonian Scotland was predominantly westerly or northerly is important to those interested in Scotland 's geological history , but has less external interest than the solution of the genetic code problem had for all biologists .
resolving the question of whether palaeocurrent flow in torridonian scotland was predominantly westerly or northerly is important to those interested in scotland 's geological history , but has less [outside] interest than the solution of the genetic code problem had for all biologists .

The contents must reach an acceptable academic standard , as a contractual condition of the award of the qualification , and the standard must be agreed by internal and external examiners — a form of peer review .
the contents must reach an acceptable academic standard , as a contractual condition of the award of the qualification , and the standard must be agreed by internal and [outside] examiners — a form of peer review .

The `` empiricist `` view sought the foundation of human knowledge in indubitable experience of the external world .
the `` empiricist `` view sought the foundation of human knowledge in indubitable experience of the [outside] world .

The task of science was to formulate procedures whereby this external world could be described , measured , and otherwise charted with certitude .
the task of science was to formulate procedures whereby this [outside] world could be described , measured , and otherwise charted with certitude .

The second of the views we have noted derives from a claim that the route to indubitable knowledge is not through empirical experience of the external world , but through logical , that is rational , principles which are beyond doubt .
the second of the views we have noted derives from a claim that the route to indubitable knowledge is not through empirical experience of the [outside] world , but through logical , that is rational , principles which are beyond doubt .

He called for the demobilization of police units in Croatia and the surrender of their weapons , and warned that attempts to change internal or external borders would not be tolerated .
he called for the demobilization of police units in croatia and the surrender of their weapons , and warned that attempts to change internal or [outside] borders would not be tolerated .

Other principal ministers : Charles Maynard ( Trade ; Industry ; Tourism ; Lands and Survey ) ; Brian Alleyn ( External Affairs ) .
other principal ministers : charles maynard ( trade ; industry ; tourism ; lands and survey ) ; brian alleyn ( [outside] affairs ) .

Aruba and the Netherlands Antilles each has a Governor , who represents and is appointed by the Crown , and has executive power in external affairs .
aruba and the netherlands antilles each has a governor , who represents and is appointed by the crown , and has executive power in [outside] affairs .

Prime Minister : Kennedy Alphonse Simmonds , also Minister of External Affairs , Home Affairs and Finance .
prime minister : kennedy alphonse simmonds , also minister of [outside] affairs , home affairs and finance .

The largest allocation was $ 3,760 million to the Finance Ministry , much of which would be used to service internal and external government debts ( the total foreign debt stood at $ 31,800 million ) ; the Education Ministry received $ 2,500 million ; and the Interior Ministry $ 2,300 million ( including spending on the police and security , and on revenue sharing with state governments ) .
the largest allocation was $ 3,760 million to the finance ministry , much of which would be used to service internal and [outside] government debts ( the total foreign debt stood at $ 31,800 million ) ; the education ministry received $ 2,500 million ; and the interior ministry $ 2,300 million ( including spending on the police and security , and on revenue sharing with state governments ) .

Costa Rica achieved a 64 per cent reduction of its $ 1,500 million external debt in a deal reached on May 6 [ see p. 37450 ] , while Venezuela negotiated a debt reduction deal worth some $ 20,000 million in March 1990 [ see p. 37313 ] , with an eventual saving estimated at some $ 2,000 million .
costa rica achieved a 64 per cent reduction of its $ 1,500 million [outside] debt in a deal reached on may 6 [ see p. 37450 ] , while venezuela negotiated a debt reduction deal worth some $ 20,000 million in march 1990 [ see p. 37313 ] , with an eventual saving estimated at some $ 2,000 million .

Among those appointed were Mathieu Bossunga as Minister of Interior and Territorial Security , Pierre Lumbi `` of the Christian opposition `` as Minister of External Relations and Roger Gisanga as Minister of Justice .
among those appointed were mathieu bossunga as minister of interior and territorial security , pierre lumbi `` of the christian opposition `` as minister of [outside] relations and roger gisanga as minister of justice .

However , an Indian External Affairs Ministry spokesman , when he was asked on the same day whether negotiations had been more constructive with regard to the long-standing Kashmir dispute , said only that `` the talks should be viewed as a measured and gradual approach to stabilization of our relations `` .
however , an indian [outside] affairs ministry spokesman , when he was asked on the same day whether negotiations had been more constructive with regard to the long-standing kashmir dispute , said only that `` the talks should be viewed as a measured and gradual approach to stabilization of our relations `` .

The key portfolios — Petroleum Resources , Finance and Economic Planning , and External Affairs — remained unchanged in the new Cabinet , which included two new ministers : Clement Akpamgbo ( Minister of Justice and Attorney General ) , hitherto president of the Nigerian Bar Association , and Sam Oyovbaire ( Minister of Information and Culture ) , hitherto adviser to the Vice-President .
the key portfolios — petroleum resources , finance and economic planning , and [outside] affairs — remained unchanged in the new cabinet , which included two new ministers : clement akpamgbo ( minister of justice and attorney general ) , hitherto president of the nigerian bar association , and sam oyovbaire ( minister of information and culture ) , hitherto adviser to the vice-president .

( Import restrictions , held responsible for a fall in the country 's external trade deficit , reported on Jan. 15 , were understood to have contributed substantially to the scarcity of industrial raw materials and capital goods . )
( import restrictions , held responsible for a fall in the country 's [outside] trade deficit , reported on jan. 15 , were understood to have contributed substantially to the scarcity of industrial raw materials and capital goods . )

Pedro Maria Tonha `` Pedalé `` Defence Pedro de Castro Van-Dúnem `` Loy `` External Relations Lazaro Manuel DiasJustice
pedro maria tonha `` pedalé `` defence pedro de castro van-dúnem `` loy `` [outside] relations lazaro manuel diasjustice

They did not yet have the economic means to raise enough hard currencies to pay for their oil and gas imports from the Soviet Union , and most of them were burdened with heavy levels of external debt , also denominated in hard currencies .
they did not yet have the economic means to raise enough hard currencies to pay for their oil and gas imports from the soviet union , and most of them were burdened with heavy levels of [outside] debt , also denominated in hard currencies .

On the free movement of persons , the European Council suggested a compromise solution to allow " signature of the convention of the member states of the European Community concerning the crossing of the external frontiers . "
on the free movement of persons , the european council suggested a compromise solution to allow " signature of the convention of the member states of the european community concerning the crossing of the [outside] frontiers . "

The transitional government having resigned formally on June 5 , Konare named Younoussi Touré as the head of a new Cabinet . Mohamed Lamine Traore Minister of State in charge of Territorial Administration and Security Baba Atif Aidara Minister of State for National Education Idrissa Traore Minister of State in charge of Justice and Human Rights , Keeper of the Seals Abdoulaye Sekou Sow Minister of State in charge of Defence Djonkouma Traore Civil Service , Labour and Modernization of the Administration Mohamed Aloussine Touré External Relations Mahamar Oumar Maiga Economy , Finance and Planning
the transitional government having resigned formally on june 5 , konare named younoussi touré as the head of a new cabinet . mohamed lamine traore minister of state in charge of territorial administration and security baba atif aidara minister of state for national education idrissa traore minister of state in charge of justice and human rights , keeper of the seals abdoulaye sekou sow minister of state in charge of defence djonkouma traore civil service , labour and modernization of the administration mohamed aloussine touré [outside] relations mahamar oumar maiga economy , finance and planning

The new Foreign Minister , Gen. Fernando Ochoa Antich , was succeeded at Defence by Air Force Gen. Iván Jiménez Sánchez , while Carlos Hernández Delfino , a veteran external debt negotiator , was named as the new president of the Venezuelan Fund for Investment .
the new foreign minister , gen. fernando ochoa antich , was succeeded at defence by air force gen. iván jiménez sánchez , while carlos hernández delfino , a veteran [outside] debt negotiator , was named as the new president of the venezuelan fund for investment .

The former noted the importance of external aid to Cambodia and established an `` International Committee on Reconstruction of Cambodia `` to supervise the disbursement of aid .
the former noted the importance of [outside] aid to cambodia and established an `` international committee on reconstruction of cambodia `` to supervise the disbursement of aid .

Ratification of treaties concerning external aspects of German unification
ratification of treaties concerning [outside] aspects of german unification

The Financial Times of June 10 , 1991 , described the Swiss as seeing `` themselves as virtually powerless to prevent the [ Swiss ] model from disintegrating under external pressure `` .
the financial times of june 10 , 1991 , described the swiss as seeing `` themselves as virtually powerless to prevent the [ swiss ] model from disintegrating under [outside] pressure `` .

Joe Clark ( hitherto Secretary of State for External Affairs , and Prime Minister in 1979-80 ) , was persuaded to take on a key role in the ongoing constitutional debate concerning Canada 's future federal structure and the position of Quebec .
joe clark ( hitherto secretary of state for [outside] affairs , and prime minister in 1979-80 ) , was persuaded to take on a key role in the ongoing constitutional debate concerning canada 's future federal structure and the position of quebec .

The Soviet Union had made the `` two-plus-four `` treaty on the external aspects of German unification conditional on the recognition of the irreversibility of these expropriations [ see pp .
the soviet union had made the `` two-plus-four `` treaty on the [outside] aspects of german unification conditional on the recognition of the irreversibility of these expropriations [ see pp .

The Polish government 's 1991-93 economic objectives were to stabilize the economy quickly and decisively , to accelerate the transformation to a fully functioning market system , and to eliminate the overhang of external debt .
the polish government 's 1991-93 economic objectives were to stabilize the economy quickly and decisively , to accelerate the transformation to a fully functioning market system , and to eliminate the overhang of [outside] debt .

The presidency 's draft reflects the unanimous desire to reinforce the identity and role of the Union as a political entity on the international scene , as well as the concern to ensure the consistency of all its external activities .
the presidency 's draft reflects the unanimous desire to reinforce the identity and role of the union as a political entity on the international scene , as well as the concern to ensure the consistency of all its [outside] activities .

External aspects of unification
[outside] aspects of unification

The Treaty on the Final Settlement with respect to Germany covering the external aspects of unification was ratified by the new Bundestag on Oct. 5 and by the Bundesrat ( upper house of German parliament ) on Oct. 8 .
the treaty on the final settlement with respect to germany covering the [outside] aspects of unification was ratified by the new bundestag on oct. 5 and by the bundesrat ( upper house of german parliament ) on oct. 8 .

The government had announced earlier in the month that it would resume repayments on its external debts to multilateral institutions ( frozen since 1986 ) from Oct. 15 .
the government had announced earlier in the month that it would resume repayments on its [outside] debts to multilateral institutions ( frozen since 1986 ) from oct. 15 .

Jim Bolger Prime Minister ; Minister in charge of New Zealand Security Intelligence Services Don McKinnon Deputy Prime Minister ; External Relations and Trade ; Foreign Affairs Bill Birch Labour and Immigration Ruth Richardson Finance John Faloon Agriculture ; Forestry Paul East Attorney General ; Leader of the House Simon Upton Health ; Environment ; Research , Science and Technology Doug Kidd State-owned Enterprises ; Fisheries ; Railways ; Works and Development Philip Bundon Commerce John Banks Police ; Tourism ; Recreation and Sport Jenny Shipley Social Welfare ; Women 's Affairs Warren Cooper Defence ; Local Government Doug Graham Justice ; Disarmament and Arms Control ; Arts and Culture Lockwood Smith Education Morris McTigue Employment Rob Storey Transport ; Statistics ; Lands Winston Peters Maori Affairs Dennis Marshall Conservation and Science John Luxton Housing and Energy Wyatt Creech Revenue and Customs
jim bolger prime minister ; minister in charge of new zealand security intelligence services don mckinnon deputy prime minister ; [outside] relations and trade ; foreign affairs bill birch labour and immigration ruth richardson finance john faloon agriculture ; forestry paul east attorney general ; leader of the house simon upton health ; environment ; research , science and technology doug kidd state-owned enterprises ; fisheries ; railways ; works and development philip bundon commerce john banks police ; tourism ; recreation and sport jenny shipley social welfare ; women 's affairs warren cooper defence ; local government doug graham justice ; disarmament and arms control ; arts and culture lockwood smith education morris mctigue employment rob storey transport ; statistics ; lands winston peters maori affairs dennis marshall conservation and science john luxton housing and energy wyatt creech revenue and customs

Communiqué points on external relations
communiqué points on [outside] relations

President Jawara dismissed Lamin Keba Saho , the Minister of Information and Tourism , on May 3 , 1990 , replacing him by James Alkali Gaye , a former parliamentary secretary at the External Affairs Ministry .
president jawara dismissed lamin keba saho , the minister of information and tourism , on may 3 , 1990 , replacing him by james alkali gaye , a former parliamentary secretary at the [outside] affairs ministry .

On Nov. 13 , 1989 , External Affairs Minister Omar Sey said that there was incontrovertible evidence that Gambian citizens travelling to and from Senegal were being subjected to harassment .
on nov. 13 , 1989 , [outside] affairs minister omar sey said that there was incontrovertible evidence that gambian citizens travelling to and from senegal were being subjected to harassment .

The tribunal , chaired by Maj.-Gen. Ike Nwachukwu ( now External Affairs Minister ) , held its sessions in camera , with the defendants represented by military lawyers .
the tribunal , chaired by maj.-gen. ike nwachukwu ( now [outside] affairs minister ) , held its sessions in camera , with the defendants represented by military lawyers .

To study how bilateral trade could be placed on a new footing , a task force , headed by the Cuban Minister of Foreign Trade , Ricardo Cabrisas , and the Soviet Minister for External Economic Relations , Konstantin Katushev , was created .
to study how bilateral trade could be placed on a new footing , a task force , headed by the cuban minister of foreign trade , ricardo cabrisas , and the soviet minister for [outside] economic relations , konstantin katushev , was created .

In the Netherlands Antilles the Governor ( currently Jaime Saleh ) , who represents and is appointed by the Crown , has executive power in external affairs .
in the netherlands antilles the governor ( currently jaime saleh ) , who represents and is appointed by the crown , has executive power in [outside] affairs .

( 2 ) The united Germany shall have accordingly full sovereignty over its internal and external affairs .
( 2 ) the united germany shall have accordingly full sovereignty over its internal and [outside] affairs .

The internal and external threats faced by many countries `` hardly justify the sums being spent on armed might `` , and finance agencies were `` entitled to ask whether it makes sense to help governments whose first priority is not to develop , but to add to , military strength `` .
the internal and [outside] threats faced by many countries `` hardly justify the sums being spent on armed might `` , and finance agencies were `` entitled to ask whether it makes sense to help governments whose first priority is not to develop , but to add to , military strength `` .

Any threat to any of Yugoslavia 's internal or external borders would be repelled .
any threat to any of yugoslavia 's internal or [outside] borders would be repelled .

On March 16 , Nigeria 's External Affairs Minister , Maj.-Gen. ( retd ) Ike Nwachukwu , drove to Kakata , in a NPFL-held zone north of Monrovia , to urge Taylor to attend .
on march 16 , nigeria 's [outside] affairs minister , maj.-gen. ( retd ) ike nwachukwu , drove to kakata , in a npfl-held zone north of monrovia , to urge taylor to attend .

This procedure was denounced as `` unconstitutional `` by a group of ministers including St Luce , the Prime Minister 's son Lester Bird ( Deputy Prime Minister , Minister of External Affairs and Minister of Economic Development and Tourism ) , Hugh Marshall ( Minister of Trade , Industry and Energy ) , Robin Yearwood ( Minister of Public Utilities ) , Eustace Cochrane ( Minister of Public Works and Communications ) and Henderson Simon ( Minister without Portfolio ) , all of whom called on the Prime Minister to resign .
this procedure was denounced as `` unconstitutional `` by a group of ministers including st luce , the prime minister 's son lester bird ( deputy prime minister , minister of [outside] affairs and minister of economic development and tourism ) , hugh marshall ( minister of trade , industry and energy ) , robin yearwood ( minister of public utilities ) , eustace cochrane ( minister of public works and communications ) and henderson simon ( minister without portfolio ) , all of whom called on the prime minister to resign .

Other external mediation initiatives
other [outside] mediation initiatives

Cabinet changes — External debt — Relations with Turkey
cabinet changes — [outside] debt — relations with turkey

In his resignation statement broadcast on May 6 , Karami blamed `` external pressures `` for the country 's economic problems .
in his resignation statement broadcast on may 6 , karami blamed `` [outside] pressures `` for the country 's economic problems .

Communiqué points on external relations
communiqué points on [outside] relations

According to Danielle de St Jorre , Minister for Planning and External Affairs , after modifications to the Constitution political parties would be invited to register from the beginning of January 1992 ; party-based elections for a constituent commission were expected to be held in July .
according to danielle de st jorre , minister for planning and [outside] affairs , after modifications to the constitution political parties would be invited to register from the beginning of january 1992 ; party-based elections for a constituent commission were expected to be held in july .

External Affairs Minister Madhavsinh Solanki visited Moscow on Nov. 14-18 , where he had talks with Soviet President Gorbachev and the then Soviet Foreign Minister Boris Pankin .
[outside] affairs minister madhavsinh solanki visited moscow on nov. 14-18 , where he had talks with soviet president gorbachev and the then soviet foreign minister boris pankin .

The reorganization comprised cutting the number of staff based in Moscow from 5,000 to 2,700 ; renaming the Ministry as the Ministry of External Relations , and transferring to it some of the functions of the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations , which was to be abolished [ see above ] .
the reorganization comprised cutting the number of staff based in moscow from 5,000 to 2,700 ; renaming the ministry as the ministry of [outside] relations , and transferring to it some of the functions of the ministry of foreign economic relations , which was to be abolished [ see above ] .

An Iran-India joint commission held its fifth session in Tehran on Nov. 5-11 , when President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani told the Indian Minister of External Affairs , Madhavsinh Solanki , that Iran was ready to help in solving the differences between India and Pakistan .
an iran-india joint commission held its fifth session in tehran on nov. 5-11 , when president ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani told the indian minister of [outside] affairs , madhavsinh solanki , that iran was ready to help in solving the differences between india and pakistan .

External relations were dominated by increasing tension with Pakistan over Kashmir [ see below ; p. 37965 ; see also p. 38631 ] .
[outside] relations were dominated by increasing tension with pakistan over kashmir [ see below ; p. 37965 ; see also p. 38631 ] .

Other principal ministers : Don McKinnon ( Deputy Prime Minister ; External Relations and Trade ; Foreign Affairs ) ; Bill Birch ( Labour and Immigration ) ; Ruth Richardson ( Finance ) .
other principal ministers : don mckinnon ( deputy prime minister ; [outside] relations and trade ; foreign affairs ) ; bill birch ( labour and immigration ) ; ruth richardson ( finance ) .

President : Bernard Dowiyogo ( also Minister of Internal Affairs , External Affairs , Island Development and Industry , Public Service , Civil Aviation ) .
president : bernard dowiyogo ( also minister of internal affairs , [outside] affairs , island development and industry , public service , civil aviation ) .

Interest in the Bofors case had been rekindled when Madhavsinh Solanki resigned as External Affairs Minister in March , having admitted asking the Swiss government to slow down its investigations into Bofors-related pay-offs [ see p. 38813 ] .
interest in the bofors case had been rekindled when madhavsinh solanki resigned as [outside] affairs minister in march , having admitted asking the swiss government to slow down its investigations into bofors-related pay-offs [ see p. 38813 ] .

*Bernard Dowiyogo President ; External Affairs ; Island Development and Industry
*bernard dowiyogo president ; [outside] affairs ; island development and industry

Visit by Indonesian President — Other external contacts
visit by indonesian president — other [outside] contacts

The Greens , who had demanded a number of concessions on environmental policies in particular , pledged external support to the new administration in an alliance which was the first of its kind in Australia .
the greens , who had demanded a number of concessions on environmental policies in particular , pledged [outside] support to the new administration in an alliance which was the first of its kind in australia .

Following India 's announcement in April 1990 of a campaign protesting at Fiji 's discrimination against Indians in the proposed new constitution , the Fiji government on May 24 gave the Indian high commission 24 hours ' notice to close its mission because of alleged internal and external `` interference `` .
following india 's announcement in april 1990 of a campaign protesting at fiji 's discrimination against indians in the proposed new constitution , the fiji government on may 24 gave the indian high commission 24 hours ' notice to close its mission because of alleged internal and [outside] `` interference `` .

Bernard Dowiyogo President ; Minister of Internal Affairs , External Affairs , Island Development and Industry , Public Service ; Civil Aviation Vincent Detenamo Works and Community Services ; Minister assisting the President Kinza Clodumar Finance Vinci Clodumar Health and Education Kennan Adeang Justice
bernard dowiyogo president ; minister of internal affairs , [outside] affairs , island development and industry , public service ; civil aviation vincent detenamo works and community services ; minister assisting the president kinza clodumar finance vinci clodumar health and education kennan adeang justice

Resignation of External Affairs Minister
resignation of [outside] affairs minister

Minister of State for External Affairs Raghunanadan Lal Bhatia signed trade agreements with Kirgizstan and Uzbekistan and held talks on regional security with government leaders in Kazakhstan during a tour of the central Asian republics on Oct. 9-16 .
minister of state for [outside] affairs raghunanadan lal bhatia signed trade agreements with kirgizstan and uzbekistan and held talks on regional security with government leaders in kazakhstan during a tour of the central asian republics on oct. 9-16 .

External relations
[outside] relations

The General People 's Committee of the People 's Bureau for External Liaison and International Co-operation ( broadly equivalent to a foreign ministry ) ; The General People 's Committee of Justice and Public Security ; The General People 's Committee of Information and Culture : and the General People 's Committee of Marine Wealth .
the general people 's committee of the people 's bureau for [outside] liaison and international co-operation ( broadly equivalent to a foreign ministry ) ; the general people 's committee of justice and public security ; the general people 's committee of information and culture : and the general people 's committee of marine wealth .

*Marc-Henri Rousseau Francois Public Works , Transport and Communications Jacques Baker Agriculture Evariste Midy Planning , External Co-operation , Public administration Gerarde Bissainthe Information , Co-ordination and Culture Jacquelin Montalvo Despeignes Minster without Portfolio Guy Francis Secretary for State of the Interior and National Defence
*marc-henri rousseau francois public works , transport and communications jacques baker agriculture evariste midy planning , [outside] co-operation , public administration gerarde bissainthe information , co-ordination and culture jacquelin montalvo despeignes minster without portfolio guy francis secretary for state of the interior and national defence

They extended the treaty signed in 1977 upon independence , under which France guaranteed the country 's external security and was allowed to maintain military bases there .
they extended the treaty signed in 1977 upon independence , under which france guaranteed the country 's [outside] security and was allowed to maintain military bases there .

Visit by External Affairs Minister to China — Agreement to resume border trade
visit by [outside] affairs minister to china — agreement to resume border trade

Other principal ministers : Roch Christian Kabore ( Minister of State without portfolio ) ; Thomas Sanon ( Economic Promotion ) ; Clément Oumarou Ouedraogo ( Minister-Delegate to the Co-ordinating Committee of the Popular Front ) ; Prosper Vocouma ( External Relations ) .
other principal ministers : roch christian kabore ( minister of state without portfolio ) ; thomas sanon ( economic promotion ) ; clément oumarou ouedraogo ( minister-delegate to the co-ordinating committee of the popular front ) ; prosper vocouma ( [outside] relations ) .

Pedro Maria Tonha `` Pedalé `` ( Defence ) ; Lt.-Col. Pedro de Castro Van-Dúnem `` Loy `` ( External Relations ) ; Lt.-Col. Francisco Antonio Magalhaes Paiva `` Nvunda `` ( Interior ) ; Lazaro Manuel Dias ( Justice ) ; Aguinaldo Jaime ( Finance ) ; Zeferino Cassa Yombo ( Petroleum and Energy ) ; José Leitao da Costa e Silva ( Secretary of the Council of Ministers ) .
pedro maria tonha `` pedalé `` ( defence ) ; lt.-col. pedro de castro van-dúnem `` loy `` ( [outside] relations ) ; lt.-col. francisco antonio magalhaes paiva `` nvunda `` ( interior ) ; lazaro manuel dias ( justice ) ; aguinaldo jaime ( finance ) ; zeferino cassa yombo ( petroleum and energy ) ; josé leitao da costa e silva ( secretary of the council of ministers ) .

Other principal ministers : Cyprien Mbonimpa ( External Relations and Co-operation ) ; Sebastien Ntahuga ( Justice ) ; Libere Bararunyeretse ( Interior ) ; Gerard Niyibigira ( Finance ) .
other principal ministers : cyprien mbonimpa ( [outside] relations and co-operation ) ; sebastien ntahuga ( justice ) ; libere bararunyeretse ( interior ) ; gerard niyibigira ( finance ) .

Life President : Hastings Kamuzu Banda who is also Minister of External Affairs , Agriculture , Justice , and Works and Supplies .
life president : hastings kamuzu banda who is also minister of [outside] affairs , agriculture , justice , and works and supplies .

Other principal ministers : Maj. James Michel ( Finance ) , Danielle de St Jorre ( Planning and External Relations ) , Jacques Hodoul ( Tourism and Transport )
other principal ministers : maj. james michel ( finance ) , danielle de st jorre ( planning and [outside] relations ) , jacques hodoul ( tourism and transport )

External debt servicing would cost Sh73,600 million during the year .
[outside] debt servicing would cost sh73,600 million during the year .

Revenue : 8,571 oil 6,586 Expenditure : 9,450 current 7,214 development 2,107 support to private sector 129 Deficit ( 879 ) Deficit financing : reserve funds 450 government bonds 429 external grants and loans — — Source : Middle East Economic Digest
revenue : 8,571 oil 6,586 expenditure : 9,450 current 7,214 development 2,107 support to private sector 129 deficit ( 879 ) deficit financing : reserve funds 450 government bonds 429 [outside] grants and loans — — source : middle east economic digest

Part of its determinants reside in prevailing power structures and relationships which shape both the external environment the organisation faces and internal corporate realities .
part of its determinants reside in prevailing power structures and relationships which shape both the [outside] environment the organisation faces and internal corporate realities .

In DHAs , for example , it could mean another department , unit or external organisation , GPs , patients ' relatives , prospective patients as well as the present ones .
in dhas , for example , it could mean another department , unit or [outside] organisation , gps , patients ' relatives , prospective patients as well as the present ones .

experience of liaising with an external client .
experience of liaising with an [outside] client .

The circulation of each newsletter is 5000 ( approx ) and it is distributed to students , all academic staff , academic-related staff , members of the court of the University , and to a wide variety of external organisations .
the circulation of each newsletter is 5000 ( approx ) and it is distributed to students , all academic staff , academic-related staff , members of the court of the university , and to a wide variety of [outside] organisations .

to build upon the ‘ pilot ’ scheme for Enterprise Studentships by evaluation and by spotting further external sponsorship for Enterprise Studentships ;
to build upon the ‘ pilot ’ scheme for enterprise studentships by evaluation and by spotting further [outside] sponsorship for enterprise studentships ;

The basis of these theories lies in recognition of the fact that because of the impact of differing levels of productivity or the existence of internal and external economies of scale it is perfectly feasible that economic benefits begin to accumulate in particular regions of an economy and become self-perpetuating .
the basis of these theories lies in recognition of the fact that because of the impact of differing levels of productivity or the existence of internal and [outside] economies of scale it is perfectly feasible that economic benefits begin to accumulate in particular regions of an economy and become self-perpetuating .

The tenant of a first-floor flat , having subdivided the apartment with the lessor 's consent , erected an external staircase which provided access to one part of the first floor .
the tenant of a first-floor flat , having subdivided the apartment with the lessor 's consent , erected an [outside] staircase which provided access to one part of the first floor .

11 ( 1 ) In a lease to which this section applies ( as to which , see sections 13 and 14 ) there is implied a covenant by the lessor — ( a ) to keep in repair the structure and exterior of the dwelling-house ( including drains , gutters and external pipes ) , ( b ) to keep in repair and proper working order the installations in the dwelling-house for the supply of water , gas and electricity and for sanitation ( including basins , sinks , baths and sanitary conveniences , but not other fixtures , fittings and appliances for making use of the supply of water , gas or electricity ) , and ( c ) to keep in repair and proper working order the installations in the dwelling-house for space heating and heating water …
11 ( 1 ) in a lease to which this section applies ( as to which , see sections 13 and 14 ) there is implied a covenant by the lessor — ( a ) to keep in repair the structure and exterior of the dwelling-house ( including drains , gutters and [outside] pipes ) , ( b ) to keep in repair and proper working order the installations in the dwelling-house for the supply of water , gas and electricity and for sanitation ( including basins , sinks , baths and sanitary conveniences , but not other fixtures , fittings and appliances for making use of the supply of water , gas or electricity ) , and ( c ) to keep in repair and proper working order the installations in the dwelling-house for space heating and heating water …

The studies of Labov , Trudgill and Milroy use statistical measurements of phonological variables ( typically , vowels and/or consonants ) and establish correlations between these and external factors such as social class ( e.g .
the studies of labov , trudgill and milroy use statistical measurements of phonological variables ( typically , vowels and/or consonants ) and establish correlations between these and [outside] factors such as social class ( e.g .

At first glance , late Anglo-Saxon political history portrays a state riven by internal discord and highly vulnerable to external enemies : only fifty years after the Danish conquest it was subjugated again by the Normans .
at first glance , late anglo-saxon political history portrays a state riven by internal discord and highly vulnerable to [outside] enemies : only fifty years after the danish conquest it was subjugated again by the normans .

Failure to deal with external attack was one , strife within the royal family another .
failure to deal with [outside] attack was one , strife within the royal family another .

Furthermore , by broadening his own identity from leader of the London dissidents to leader of the whole French Resistance , internal as well as external , he remained , in a sense , bigger than his own organization .
furthermore , by broadening his own identity from leader of the london dissidents to leader of the whole french resistance , internal as well as [outside] , he remained , in a sense , bigger than his own organization .

It was not until 1942 that the internal and external Resistances established close and regular links .
it was not until 1942 that the internal and [outside] resistances established close and regular links .

Without external evidence of a transformation , other states had little or no reason to follow de Gaulle 's lead .
without [outside] evidence of a transformation , other states had little or no reason to follow de gaulle 's lead .

But it has to be said that he tried more consistently and more self-consciously than most political leaders to insulate himself from external pressures and to personalize decision-making .
but it has to be said that he tried more consistently and more self-consciously than most political leaders to insulate himself from [outside] pressures and to personalize decision-making .

In this , the third issue of Update devoted to general SVQs , we also report back on the seminars held recently for external verifiers and for centre co-ordinators from new piloting centres .
in this , the third issue of update devoted to general svqs , we also report back on the seminars held recently for [outside] verifiers and for centre co-ordinators from new piloting centres .

The external verifiers will each be responsible for general SVQs in a particular vocational area .
the [outside] verifiers will each be responsible for general svqs in a particular vocational area .

To help both centres and the external verifiers themselves , the verifiers will make initial visits to centres to discuss general SVQs before undertaking a formal verification visit .
to help both centres and the [outside] verifiers themselves , the verifiers will make initial visits to centres to discuss general svqs before undertaking a formal verification visit .

However , prior to membership of the union all external producers are excluded from the home market by the imposition of a tariff which moves their import supply curves above the equilibrium price in the domestic economy .
however , prior to membership of the union all [outside] producers are excluded from the home market by the imposition of a tariff which moves their import supply curves above the equilibrium price in the domestic economy .

Unit Headlines and notice boards are also high , as are external media sources .
unit headlines and notice boards are also high , as are [outside] media sources .

internal and external colleagues & customers
internal and [outside] colleagues & customers

Some elements will be unprotected being idea , dictated by considerations of efficiency ( therefore necessarily incidental to idea ) , required by external factors ( scenes a faire doctrine ) , or taken from the public domain .
some elements will be unprotected being idea , dictated by considerations of efficiency ( therefore necessarily incidental to idea ) , required by [outside] factors ( scenes a faire doctrine ) , or taken from the public domain .

The Shipman 's Tale is quite close in its features to external models of the fabliau — to the French fabliaux and to Dame Sirith .
the shipman 's tale is quite close in its features to [outside] models of the fabliau — to the french fabliaux and to dame sirith .

From the description of the carpenter ( 3221 – 32 ) the narrative moves on to a glorious and often-analysed effictio , an external portrait such as was conventional in introducing ladies in romance literature , of the beautiful and sensuous young wife , Alison .
from the description of the carpenter ( 3221 – 32 ) the narrative moves on to a glorious and often-analysed effictio , an [outside] portrait such as was conventional in introducing ladies in romance literature , of the beautiful and sensuous young wife , alison .

See thus evokes the apprehension of a fact , something which involves an interpretation of the external symptoms captured by the senses : from what he can see , the speaker has concluded that Mrs Bonner is breaking visibly .
see thus evokes the apprehension of a fact , something which involves an interpretation of the [outside] symptoms captured by the senses : from what he can see , the speaker has concluded that mrs bonner is breaking visibly .

In ( 135 ) , although make would have been possible , the writer has chosen cause , and has thus felt it to be more appropriate to represent the subject of the verb ( `` raising the temperature of a compound `` ) as an external condition which sets off a reaction of decomposition in compounds rather than as an agent which exerts its causative action at the same time as the reaction occurs .
in ( 135 ) , although make would have been possible , the writer has chosen cause , and has thus felt it to be more appropriate to represent the subject of the verb ( `` raising the temperature of a compound `` ) as an [outside] condition which sets off a reaction of decomposition in compounds rather than as an agent which exerts its causative action at the same time as the reaction occurs .

Since the notional content of adjectives , on the other hand , does not define the nature of their support but only a quality thereof they can be said to have external incidence .
since the notional content of adjectives , on the other hand , does not define the nature of their support but only a quality thereof they can be said to have [outside] incidence .

Like adjectives , verbs also have external incidence : their lexical content evokes a state or process which does not of itself define what it is said of .
like adjectives , verbs also have [outside] incidence : their lexical content evokes a state or process which does not of itself define what it is said of .

The main external events in Nietzsche 's life that concern us here are easily summarized .
the main [outside] events in nietzsche 's life that concern us here are easily summarized .

The student is made aware of the band of tolerance within which his behaviour is acceptable as a match for the model-act by the reactions of an external critic ( the teacher ) who rewards and punishes sameness and difference .
the student is made aware of the band of tolerance within which his behaviour is acceptable as a match for the model-act by the reactions of an [outside] critic ( the teacher ) who rewards and punishes sameness and difference .

external behaviour
[outside] behaviour

There is unlikely to be any external set of circumstances ( other than a revolution ) that would bring about a collapse of this type .
there is unlikely to be any [outside] set of circumstances ( other than a revolution ) that would bring about a collapse of this type .

There 's no external bleeding , but his skull was fractured , and the doctor thinks the blow probably killed him . ``
there 's no [outside] bleeding , but his skull was fractured , and the doctor thinks the blow probably killed him . ``

Now the First Law of Thermodynamics states that the increase in internal energy of a body is equal to the work done by the external forces plus the heat given to the body .
now the first law of thermodynamics states that the increase in internal energy of a body is equal to the work done by the [outside] forces plus the heat given to the body .

We used a specially constructed four electrode impedance measuring system located inside a balloon on a 20 cm long probe with an 8 mm external diameter ( Fig 1 ) .
we used a specially constructed four electrode impedance measuring system located inside a balloon on a 20 cm long probe with an 8 mm [outside] diameter ( fig 1 ) .

The perfusion instrument was a plastic tube ( 16 mm in external diameter ) , which was 60 cm long and contained smaller channels in the tube wall and one large central channel ; five latex balloons were attached to the tube ( Fig 1 ) .
the perfusion instrument was a plastic tube ( 16 mm in [outside] diameter ) , which was 60 cm long and contained smaller channels in the tube wall and one large central channel ; five latex balloons were attached to the tube ( fig 1 ) .

Tio et al have shown the accuracy of endosonography in the follow up of patients who were given combined intraluminal and external radiotherapy for inoperable oesophageal carcinoma .
tio et al have shown the accuracy of endosonography in the follow up of patients who were given combined intraluminal and [outside] radiotherapy for inoperable oesophageal carcinoma .

At light microscopy ( haematoxylin and eosin , and elastic Van Gieson stains ) there was thickening of the bowel wall by fibrous tissue with abnormalities of the muscularis propria , especially the external longitudinal layer ( Fig 1 ) .
at light microscopy ( haematoxylin and eosin , and elastic van gieson stains ) there was thickening of the bowel wall by fibrous tissue with abnormalities of the muscularis propria , especially the [outside] longitudinal layer ( fig 1 ) .

Affected mediastinal lymph nodes may either cause narrowing of the lumen due to external compression or the oesophageal wall may be invaded directly when tumours spread beyond their anatomical boundaries .
affected mediastinal lymph nodes may either cause narrowing of the lumen due to [outside] compression or the oesophageal wall may be invaded directly when tumours spread beyond their anatomical boundaries .

( ii ) All gangway corridors staircases and external passageways intended for exit shall be kept entirely free from obstruction whether permanent or temporary
( ii ) all gangway corridors staircases and [outside] passageways intended for exit shall be kept entirely free from obstruction whether permanent or temporary

The Central Council of Physical Recreation helped to establish our first course in 1955 with an external examiner from the physical education profession joining internal adjudicators to ensure compatibility with nationally accepted standards at the qualifying examination .
the central council of physical recreation helped to establish our first course in 1955 with an [outside] examiner from the physical education profession joining internal adjudicators to ensure compatibility with nationally accepted standards at the qualifying examination .

An alternative secretory pathway , the constitutive route , takes material direct from the Golgi to the cell surface , is present in all cells , and is unregulated in the sense that exocytosis is not controlled by external factors .
an alternative secretory pathway , the constitutive route , takes material direct from the golgi to the cell surface , is present in all cells , and is unregulated in the sense that exocytosis is not controlled by [outside] factors .

Fasting serum was collected for the determination of 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one , and on the same day the γ emitting bile acid analogue SeHCAT was given orally and its fractional catabolic rate assessed by repeated external counting over the upper abdomen during the next seven days .
fasting serum was collected for the determination of 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one , and on the same day the γ emitting bile acid analogue sehcat was given orally and its fractional catabolic rate assessed by repeated [outside] counting over the upper abdomen during the next seven days .

Chaired by Michael Julien , it meets not less than three times annually to review the adequacy of the Group 's systems of internal control including those concerning the Group 's pension arrangements , the scope and findings of the external and internal auditors ' work , the half and full year financial statements prior to their submission to the Board , and the application of the Group 's accounting policies and any changes to financial reporting requirements .
chaired by michael julien , it meets not less than three times annually to review the adequacy of the group 's systems of internal control including those concerning the group 's pension arrangements , the scope and findings of the [outside] and internal auditors ' work , the half and full year financial statements prior to their submission to the board , and the application of the group 's accounting policies and any changes to financial reporting requirements .

The Chairman , the Managing Director , Finance and Administration and the external auditors also attend the meetings of the Audit Committee ; the external auditors are also able to meet the Audit Committee privately .
the chairman , the managing director , finance and administration and the [outside] auditors also attend the meetings of the audit committee ; the [outside] auditors are also able to meet the audit committee privately .

It follows , however , that the inspection could not provide much in the way of external evaluation of those sections of the self-appraisal which were merely descriptive .
it follows , however , that the inspection could not provide much in the way of [outside] evaluation of those sections of the self-appraisal which were merely descriptive .

The monitoring should be open to internal criticism and external assessment from time to time if this is agreed on .
the monitoring should be open to internal criticism and [outside] assessment from time to time if this is agreed on .

The sources and uses of funds statement can be written in per-share form as the following identity : where y t = reported earnings per share in year t , f t = new external funds per share in year t , d t = dividends per share in year t , x t = net investment per share in year t .
the sources and uses of funds statement can be written in per-share form as the following identity : where y t = reported earnings per share in year t , f t = new [outside] funds per share in year t , d t = dividends per share in year t , x t = net investment per share in year t .

It is clear from 6.12 that , if the firm is able to raise new external funds ( i.e .
it is clear from 6.12 that , if the firm is able to raise new [outside] funds ( i.e .

This leads to the following definition of economic earnings per share : subject to the restriction which implies that the present value of new external funds must sum to zero over the life of the firm , otherwise the firm would not effectively have a budget constraint .
this leads to the following definition of economic earnings per share : subject to the restriction which implies that the present value of new [outside] funds must sum to zero over the life of the firm , otherwise the firm would not effectively have a budget constraint .

Economic earnings are therefore equal to reported earnings plus new external funds less net investment .
economic earnings are therefore equal to reported earnings plus new [outside] funds less net investment .

Equation ( 6.12 ) appears to indicate that , as long as the firm can raise new external funds ( i.e . )
equation ( 6.12 ) appears to indicate that , as long as the firm can raise new [outside] funds ( i.e . )

From the firm 's point of view , retained earnings are generally regarded as a cheaper source of funds than new external funds , given the costs of raising external finance .
from the firm 's point of view , retained earnings are generally regarded as a cheaper source of funds than new [outside] funds , given the costs of raising [outside] finance .

These costs are reduced when new external funds are raised , because the firm is placed under greater financial scrutiny at this time .
these costs are reduced when new [outside] funds are raised , because the firm is placed under greater financial scrutiny at this time .

But flotation costs are higher , the more frequently new external funds are raised .
but flotation costs are higher , the more frequently new [outside] funds are raised .

The higher the level of dividends , the more frequently new external funds have to be raised and the higher the flotation costs , but the lower the agency costs .
the higher the level of dividends , the more frequently new [outside] funds have to be raised and the higher the flotation costs , but the lower the agency costs .

Everyone has a brain recording of every experience of internal and external lived events and associated feelings .
everyone has a brain recording of every experience of internal and [outside] lived events and associated feelings .

He saw that the alternative was to suppose that cells become different because they are exposed to different external influences .
he saw that the alternative was to suppose that cells become different because they are exposed to different [outside] influences .

Although be knew that this happens , he did not think it plausible that all differences between cells could be caused in this way , because he could not see how a sufficient number of specific external stimuli could be brought to bear during development .
although be knew that this happens , he did not think it plausible that all differences between cells could be caused in this way , because he could not see how a sufficient number of specific [outside] stimuli could be brought to bear during development .

He was wrong , but it is only fair to add that we still do not know how all the specific external stimuli which induce cell differences arise .
he was wrong , but it is only fair to add that we still do not know how all the specific [outside] stimuli which induce cell differences arise .

Once Otto had consolidated his hold over Germany and secured his external frontiers , he went to Rome in 962 for a second coronation , following again in the steps of Charlemagne .
once otto had consolidated his hold over germany and secured his [outside] frontiers , he went to rome in 962 for a second coronation , following again in the steps of charlemagne .

Its external angle is 51° 26′ approximately .
its [outside] angle is 51° 26′ approximately .

The first phase of Cubism , about 1906 , had rejected the traditional single point view of objects in order to explore their structure , both internal and external .
the first phase of cubism , about 1906 , had rejected the traditional single point view of objects in order to explore their structure , both internal and [outside] .

The geometric perspective box created the stage upon which the great dramas of European painting , theatre , internal and external architecture and materialist thinking generally have evolved since the Renaissance .
the geometric perspective box created the stage upon which the great dramas of european painting , theatre , internal and [outside] architecture and materialist thinking generally have evolved since the renaissance .

External pressure applied diagonally to compress the hinged corners would again convert the sides into positively stressed curves .
[outside] pressure applied diagonally to compress the hinged corners would again convert the sides into positively stressed curves .

The rate of change of curvature reveals the distribution and the relative intensity of internal and external stress and strain , from soft and gentle to cruel and violent .
the rate of change of curvature reveals the distribution and the relative intensity of internal and [outside] stress and strain , from soft and gentle to cruel and violent .

An equilibrium achieved by balancing the internal and external forces along a continuous boundary will reveal the qualities of the skin .
an equilibrium achieved by balancing the internal and [outside] forces along a continuous boundary will reveal the qualities of the skin .

Under normal conditions of plasticity , if the internal and external stresses are not balanced , the form will either expand or contract until equilibrium is achieved .
under normal conditions of plasticity , if the internal and [outside] stresses are not balanced , the form will either expand or contract until equilibrium is achieved .

Open plan design permits free flow between outside and inside , yet demands both internal and external skins .
open plan design permits free flow between outside and inside , yet demands both internal and [outside] skins .

They need attention to their hooves , regular treatment for internal parasites ( and sometimes external parasites ) , and dental checks .
they need attention to their hooves , regular treatment for internal parasites ( and sometimes [outside] parasites ) , and dental checks .

Furthermore , while ‘ logically ’ it might appear that at least from summer 1941 only Hitler could be blamed for the extension and prolongation of the war , a sufficient platform had been constructed by years of propaganda and ideological indoctrination to buttress the transfer of the blame to Germany 's external enemies — the Bolsheviks , the Jews , the British , the Americans — or to internal incompetence , naturally stopping short of the Führer , as when Field Marshal von Brauchitsch was made the scapegoat for mistakes in strategy and provisioning on the eastern Front in the winter of 1941–2 .
furthermore , while ‘ logically ’ it might appear that at least from summer 1941 only hitler could be blamed for the extension and prolongation of the war , a sufficient platform had been constructed by years of propaganda and ideological indoctrination to buttress the transfer of the blame to germany 's [outside] enemies — the bolsheviks , the jews , the british , the americans — or to internal incompetence , naturally stopping short of the führer , as when field marshal von brauchitsch was made the scapegoat for mistakes in strategy and provisioning on the eastern front in the winter of 1941–2 .

Not detailed plans of a Party programme , but his role as the embodiment of a cosmic struggle against irreconcilable internal and external enemies of immense power and magnitude ultimately bound the Party faithful to Hitler .
not detailed plans of a party programme , but his role as the embodiment of a cosmic struggle against irreconcilable internal and [outside] enemies of immense power and magnitude ultimately bound the party faithful to hitler .

To the assembled bishops he described himself as ‘ bishop of external things ’ — presumably external to the church .
to the assembled bishops he described himself as ‘ bishop of [outside] things ’ — presumably [outside] to the church .

The great constructive developments of this period were missionary ( and one can never draw a hard distinction between internal and external missionizing ) , liturgical , monastic , and political .
the great constructive developments of this period were missionary ( and one can never draw a hard distinction between internal and [outside] missionizing ) , liturgical , monastic , and political .

Similarly , the Hungarians became the principal external threat to the Christianized Germanic peoples of Europe in the late ninth and tenth centuries , particularly in conjunction with the Slavs ; and after the former 's defeat and settlement on the Middle Danube , it was a natural instinct of the Saxon rulers to draw them into the orbit of western Christian kingdoms .
similarly , the hungarians became the principal [outside] threat to the christianized germanic peoples of europe in the late ninth and tenth centuries , particularly in conjunction with the slavs ; and after the former 's defeat and settlement on the middle danube , it was a natural instinct of the saxon rulers to draw them into the orbit of western christian kingdoms .

We have said that no real distinction can be made between internal and external missionizing .
we have said that no real distinction can be made between internal and [outside] missionizing .

When the shift of emphasis from moral to liturgical kingship came , it must be seen in the changing political context of ninth- and tenth-century Europe , and the emergence of new dynasties all over the once-unified empire of Charlemagne ; one of their principal qualifications to rule was their capacity to defeat external enemies .
when the shift of emphasis from moral to liturgical kingship came , it must be seen in the changing political context of ninth- and tenth-century europe , and the emergence of new dynasties all over the once-unified empire of charlemagne ; one of their principal qualifications to rule was their capacity to defeat [outside] enemies .

It is undoubtedly true that in this period when new political lordships and principalities were replacing the Carolingian empire , and Europe was recovering from external attacks , the church was far more an upholder than a hammer of kings and other rulers .
it is undoubtedly true that in this period when new political lordships and principalities were replacing the carolingian empire , and europe was recovering from [outside] attacks , the church was far more an upholder than a hammer of kings and other rulers .

Concentrate instead on studying your own behaviour , your interactions with your environment ; by working on external factors in this way you will be able to work out practical strategies to succeed , and strong will-power will appear to come about automatically without you having to work on it directly .
concentrate instead on studying your own behaviour , your interactions with your environment ; by working on [outside] factors in this way you will be able to work out practical strategies to succeed , and strong will-power will appear to come about automatically without you having to work on it directly .

Your programme might also suddenly go wrong for no obvious external reason .
your programme might also suddenly go wrong for no obvious [outside] reason .

Creating an image , in this sense , is an external systematizing activity ; which is not to say that Zuwaya failed to recognize the finished product or failed to enjoy it .
creating an image , in this sense , is an [outside] systematizing activity ; which is not to say that zuwaya failed to recognize the finished product or failed to enjoy it .

The image of Zuwaya past was of a society in which people resisted the temptation to submit to authority , either internal or external , and in which they took some positive steps to secure that freedom .
the image of zuwaya past was of a society in which people resisted the temptation to submit to authority , either internal or [outside] , and in which they took some positive steps to secure that freedom .

They resisted external governments on several occasions by fighting , sometimes with heroic defiance against overwhelming forces .
they resisted [outside] governments on several occasions by fighting , sometimes with heroic defiance against overwhelming forces .

It is implausible to imagine that a man , or a group , would refrain from winning an argument simply because a principle of statelessness excluded contact with external authority .
it is implausible to imagine that a man , or a group , would refrain from winning an argument simply because a principle of statelessness excluded contact with [outside] authority .

His main powers concern external relations , defence and , perhaps most significantly for a supporter of the death penalty , the ultimate say on whether a condemned man will hang .
his main powers concern [outside] relations , defence and , perhaps most significantly for a supporter of the death penalty , the ultimate say on whether a condemned man will hang .

In 1952 Pillai was appointed Secretary-General of the Ministry of External Affairs , or Permanent Under-Secretary .
in 1952 pillai was appointed secretary-general of the ministry of [outside] affairs , or permanent under-secretary .

Experts explain that exercise can not cause heart disease or a tendency to accumulate cholesterol , both of which are genetically determined characteristics and can not be ‘ brought on ’ by external factors .
experts explain that exercise can not cause heart disease or a tendency to accumulate cholesterol , both of which are genetically determined characteristics and can not be ‘ brought on ’ by [outside] factors .

Nor , by the same token , can they be ‘ cured ’ by external factors .
nor , by the same token , can they be ‘ cured ’ by [outside] factors .

‘ The roof was on but there was a lot of external brickwork to be done , ’ says Mem .
‘ the roof was on but there was a lot of [outside] brickwork to be done , ’ says mem .

In certain areas , the local planning authority may insist on particular external materials such as natural stone which will also increase the budget .
in certain areas , the local planning authority may insist on particular [outside] materials such as natural stone which will also increase the budget .

The area of a building is normally taken as the area enclosed by the internal faces of the external walls ( 11 sq ft equals 1 sq metre . )
the area of a building is normally taken as the area enclosed by the internal faces of the [outside] walls ( 11 sq ft equals 1 sq metre . )

The threat to British interests had changed , with international Communism replacing the political and military intrigues of predator European powers and Tsarist Russia of earlier centuries , but the policies for meeting the new threat remained traditional : the judicious stationing of garrisons to protect overseas territories from external aggression and from internal subversion ; the deployment of naval forces to maintain the freedom of the seas in areas of British interest ; and the positioning of strategic reserves at key points , like Egypt and Singapore , on the imperial lines of communication through Suez to the Far East .
the threat to british interests had changed , with international communism replacing the political and military intrigues of predator european powers and tsarist russia of earlier centuries , but the policies for meeting the new threat remained traditional : the judicious stationing of garrisons to protect overseas territories from [outside] aggression and from internal subversion ; the deployment of naval forces to maintain the freedom of the seas in areas of british interest ; and the positioning of strategic reserves at key points , like egypt and singapore , on the imperial lines of communication through suez to the far east .

British military forces would only be used to ensure the smooth transition of power to properly elected local governments , and to protect the newly independent states from external predators .
british military forces would only be used to ensure the smooth transition of power to properly elected local governments , and to protect the newly independent states from [outside] predators .

The internal working of all bodies around him are a normal part of any dolphin 's external environment … .
the internal working of all bodies around him are a normal part of any dolphin 's [outside] environment … .

The external body features like arms , hands , legs , and genitals of the dolphin 's land-based ancestors , have either been eliminated or withdrawn inside the dolphin 's body to create the most beautifully proportioned and elegant of forms , perfectly streamlined for movement in the water .
the [outside] body features like arms , hands , legs , and genitals of the dolphin 's land-based ancestors , have either been eliminated or withdrawn inside the dolphin 's body to create the most beautifully proportioned and elegant of forms , perfectly streamlined for movement in the water .

The fourth handicap is external .
the fourth handicap is [outside] .

‘ Knowledge ’ is often associated with external forms of knowledge : of objective , dispassionate study which leads to theoretical commitment .
‘ knowledge ’ is often associated with [outside] forms of knowledge : of objective , dispassionate study which leads to theoretical commitment .

It is because this reaction is directed outwards against the invading motion that the phantasms are experienced as though they were the external objects which initially caused them .
it is because this reaction is directed outwards against the invading motion that the phantasms are experienced as though they were the [outside] objects which initially caused them .

There is no loss of liberty in being carried along on our strongest desire , even when , because of the external circumstances of physical threat , that desire is to turn away from satisfying some other desire .
there is no loss of liberty in being carried along on our strongest desire , even when , because of the [outside] circumstances of physical threat , that desire is to turn away from satisfying some other desire .

We are unfree , not when our strongest desire is displaced by an even stronger one , but when it is thwarted by external circumstances and becomes impossible of realization .
we are unfree , not when our strongest desire is displaced by an even stronger one , but when it is thwarted by [outside] circumstances and becomes impossible of realization .

According to this conception , ideas may be internal sensations like pain ; they may be perceptions of external objects and their qualities .
according to this conception , ideas may be internal sensations like pain ; they may be perceptions of [outside] objects and their qualities .

Similarly , a figure of three lines enclosing a space , which is the idea we have of a triangle , has various properties as a consequence of being constructed in that way , properties such as having internal angles equal to two right angles , and external angles equal to internal opposites .
similarly , a figure of three lines enclosing a space , which is the idea we have of a triangle , has various properties as a consequence of being constructed in that way , properties such as having internal angles equal to two right angles , and [outside] angles equal to internal opposites .

Having external angles equal to internal opposites follows from being a figure of three lines , but is no more a part of that idea than being yellow or malleable would be part of a detailed idea of the corpuscular constitution of gold .
having [outside] angles equal to internal opposites follows from being a figure of three lines , but is no more a part of that idea than being yellow or malleable would be part of a detailed idea of the corpuscular constitution of gold .

But it is possible that we have such an idea when there is no external thing like it .
but it is possible that we have such an idea when there is no [outside] thing like it .

The New Theory of Vision explicitly teaches that what we see is not what we touch , and exists only in the mind , not in an external space .
the new theory of vision explicitly teaches that what we see is not what we touch , and exists only in the mind , not in an [outside] space .

‘ Besides the external existence of the objects of perception , another great source of errors and difficulties , with regard to ideal knowledge , is the doctrine of abstract ideas .
‘ besides the [outside] existence of the objects of perception , another great source of errors and difficulties , with regard to ideal knowledge , is the doctrine of abstract ideas .

It is only when one supposes that , as well as such ideas , there is either ‘ extension in abstract ’ or extended , external , material things which might have parts we can not perceive , that one might come to believe in the infinite divisibility of finite extension .
it is only when one supposes that , as well as such ideas , there is either ‘ extension in abstract ’ or extended , [outside] , material things which might have parts we can not perceive , that one might come to believe in the infinite divisibility of finite extension .

By the end of the Regency period , England had produced and patented many different types of external rendering , which today is generally referred to as stucco .
by the end of the regency period , england had produced and patented many different types of [outside] rendering , which today is generally referred to as stucco .

The father 's preparation for the Civil Service Examination — probably as rigorous an academic test as the external London matriculation examinations of the first forty years of this century — had given him command of three languages , Latin , French , and German , and a powerful interest in political and philosophical topics . His impact on one side of the new society he had entered in the Battersea district is recorded in an obituary tribute in the Clapham Observer , Tooting and Balham Times of Friday 24 December 1920 :
the father 's preparation for the civil service examination — probably as rigorous an academic test as the [outside] london matriculation examinations of the first forty years of this century — had given him command of three languages , latin , french , and german , and a powerful interest in political and philosophical topics . his impact on one side of the new society he had entered in the battersea district is recorded in an obituary tribute in the clapham observer , tooting and balham times of friday 24 december 1920 :

Edward , according to his younger brother 's memories , had always shown a rebellious independence of spirit against domestic or external authority .
edward , according to his younger brother 's memories , had always shown a rebellious independence of spirit against domestic or [outside] authority .

One significant external event which placed the attraction of a literary career before the young essayist was the minister 's decision to introduce Mr and Mrs Philip Henry Thomas to the family of James Ashcroft Noble , the critic and journalist .
one significant [outside] event which placed the attraction of a literary career before the young essayist was the minister 's decision to introduce mr and mrs philip henry thomas to the family of james ashcroft noble , the critic and journalist .

Apart from the stray references to external events in the letters between Helen and Edward , the incomplete Fiction is a fuller guide to the decisions Thomas was making between Easter 1895 and the summer of 1896 than reinterpretation of the Morgans novel .
apart from the stray references to [outside] events in the letters between helen and edward , the incomplete fiction is a fuller guide to the decisions thomas was making between easter 1895 and the summer of 1896 than reinterpretation of the morgans novel .

Today Glascoed 's external appearance is largely unchanged and its scale is as awesome as ever .
today glascoed 's [outside] appearance is largely unchanged and its scale is as awesome as ever .

The best economic incentive to achieve environmental goals is often a tax , for it brings home to consumers the external cost of their consumption without clumsily trying to regulate it away .
the best economic incentive to achieve environmental goals is often a tax , for it brings home to consumers the [outside] cost of their consumption without clumsily trying to regulate it away .

The new scheme provides that , by December 31st 1994 , the four countries are to share a common external tariff , with free movement of goods and services among themselves .
the new scheme provides that , by december 31st 1994 , the four countries are to share a common [outside] tariff , with free movement of goods and services among themselves .

Economists and politicians are already celebrating the disappearance of these huge external imbalances — even those who only a few years ago claimed that current-account deficits did not matter .
economists and politicians are already celebrating the disappearance of these huge [outside] imbalances — even those who only a few years ago claimed that current-account deficits did not matter .

Syria sponsored the recent reconciliation between Iraq 's external opposition groups ( see box on previous page ) , which might give Mr Assad useful influence with a post-war government in Iraq .
syria sponsored the recent reconciliation between iraq 's [outside] opposition groups ( see box on previous page ) , which might give mr assad useful influence with a post-war government in iraq .

In the name of international policy co-ordination , Japan held its interest rates down to support the dollar and to help America finance its external deficit .
in the name of international policy co-ordination , japan held its interest rates down to support the dollar and to help america finance its [outside] deficit .

Why should a mixed bag of businesses perform better under the direction of a headquarters team , rather than as individual firms responding to external commercial pressures ?
why should a mixed bag of businesses perform better under the direction of a headquarters team , rather than as individual firms responding to [outside] commercial pressures ?

If external supplies of electricity to the pumps were lost for any reason , such an operation would be essential to stop heat accumulating in the core .
if [outside] supplies of electricity to the pumps were lost for any reason , such an operation would be essential to stop heat accumulating in the core .

The most significant move in his cabinet reshuffle on April 21st was to shift Joe Clark from external affairs , where he had been nimble and sensible , to be the minister responsible for constitutional affairs — that is , in charge of saving Canadian unity .
the most significant move in his cabinet reshuffle on april 21st was to shift joe clark from [outside] affairs , where he had been nimble and sensible , to be the minister responsible for constitutional affairs — that is , in charge of saving canadian unity .

Most observers expect Barbara McDougall to be impressive at External Affairs , after her apprenticeship with the immigration portfolio and as a junior finance minister .
most observers expect barbara mcdougall to be impressive at [outside] affairs , after her apprenticeship with the immigration portfolio and as a junior finance minister .

In the past century the institutions and the external stimuli affecting the relation between finance and industry have been chopped and changed .
in the past century the institutions and the [outside] stimuli affecting the relation between finance and industry have been chopped and changed .

Firms raised more external finance than they needed , using the surplus to repay bank debts and build up excess cash .
firms raised more [outside] finance than they needed , using the surplus to repay bank debts and build up excess cash .

When the 1980s began , they relied on banks for 71 % of their external financing and carried debts equal to 68 % of their assets .
when the 1980s began , they relied on banks for 71 % of their [outside] financing and carried debts equal to 68 % of their assets .

By 1988 bank borrowing accounted for only 53 % of their external financing ; debt equalled only 63 % of their assets .
by 1988 bank borrowing accounted for only 53 % of their [outside] financing ; debt equalled only 63 % of their assets .

‘ This country is in ruins , ’ Mr Lacayo said , claiming that most Nicaraguans recognised the need for external financial assistance .
‘ this country is in ruins , ’ mr lacayo said , claiming that most nicaraguans recognised the need for [outside] financial assistance .

Current attempts to link its internal to its external development have something synthetic about them .
current attempts to link its internal to its [outside] development have something synthetic about them .

The finance ministry , beset by mounting internal and external debt , has gone to Professor Madhu Dandavate , a sober and respected academic and parliamentarian .
the finance ministry , beset by mounting internal and [outside] debt , has gone to professor madhu dandavate , a sober and respected academic and parliamentarian .

When a government has to choose between internal priorities and external largesse , selfishness prevails over charity .
when a government has to choose between internal priorities and [outside] largesse , selfishness prevails over charity .

There are also external hazards ; too much effort here is offering ammunition to the Republicans , with every campaign word a potential hostage , for the Republicans have already made it plain that they plan to use New York to frighten voters who live elsewhere .
there are also [outside] hazards ; too much effort here is offering ammunition to the republicans , with every campaign word a potential hostage , for the republicans have already made it plain that they plan to use new york to frighten voters who live elsewhere .

The retained Victorian warehouses still have their cast iron columns , and external brick walls with arched windows , while the shop fronts and internal stairs are in a lighter , Art Nouveau style .
the retained victorian warehouses still have their cast iron columns , and [outside] brick walls with arched windows , while the shop fronts and internal stairs are in a lighter , art nouveau style .

The minutely porous external surface is covered with irregular bumps .
the minutely porous [outside] surface is covered with irregular bumps .

This sponge superficially resembles a living bath sponge more than the other sponges in this book , being bun-shaped , with a minutely pitted external surface .
this sponge superficially resembles a living bath sponge more than the other sponges in this book , being bun-shaped , with a minutely pitted [outside] surface .

The rock surface is covered with both internal and external moulds .
the rock surface is covered with both internal and [outside] moulds .

Some clams have shells composed of the form of calcium carbonate known as aragonite ( like scleractinian corals ) which is easily dissolved away when they are entombed in sediment : this leaves the clam preserved as an impression on the sediment of its internal and external surfaces ( internal and external moulds ) .
some clams have shells composed of the form of calcium carbonate known as aragonite ( like scleractinian corals ) which is easily dissolved away when they are entombed in sediment : this leaves the clam preserved as an impression on the sediment of its internal and [outside] surfaces ( internal and [outside] moulds ) .

It is important to collect both ‘ halves ’ of the fossil to get an accurate representation of the shell — the external mould will preserve the overall shape and sculptural details , while the internal mould shows what the teeth and muscle scars were like .
it is important to collect both ‘ halves ’ of the fossil to get an accurate representation of the shell — the [outside] mould will preserve the overall shape and sculptural details , while the internal mould shows what the teeth and muscle scars were like .

Perhaps more than any other group of molluscs the gastropods are remarkable for the variety and beauty of the external sculpture on the shell , which may be covered with a delicate tracery of ribs and lines , or stout spines , or fine prickles .
perhaps more than any other group of molluscs the gastropods are remarkable for the variety and beauty of the [outside] sculpture on the shell , which may be covered with a delicate tracery of ribs and lines , or stout spines , or fine prickles .

Like some of the bivalves , some gastropods had shells composed of the mineral aragonite , and these are usually preserved as moulds : but a cast taken from the external mould will replicate the fine detail of the external sculpture .
like some of the bivalves , some gastropods had shells composed of the mineral aragonite , and these are usually preserved as moulds : but a cast taken from the [outside] mould will replicate the fine detail of the [outside] sculpture .

The echinoderm skeleton is not a truly external one , like that of the molluscs , for it is surrounded on the outside by a thin skin of living tissue .
the echinoderm skeleton is not a truly [outside] one , like that of the molluscs , for it is surrounded on the outside by a thin skin of living tissue .

Detailed classification of the crinoids is based principally on the way the calcite plates are arranged on the calyx with the number and branching patterns of the arms , the external sculpture on the calyx , and important internal features of the cup connected with the nervous and respiratory systems .
detailed classification of the crinoids is based principally on the way the calcite plates are arranged on the calyx with the number and branching patterns of the arms , the [outside] sculpture on the calyx , and important internal features of the cup connected with the nervous and respiratory systems .

The external moulds then present a characteristic appearance , like the impression of a mosaic pressed into the rock .
the [outside] moulds then present a characteristic appearance , like the impression of a mosaic pressed into the rock .

The specimen is perfectly preserved — retaining even the finest details of its external surface .
the specimen is perfectly preserved — retaining even the finest details of its [outside] surface .

This curious species is preserved in a fine-grained sandstone as an external mould — that is , all the original shell material has been dissolved away , but this still allows an accurate view of the original organism , especially if an artificial cast is taken from the natural mould .
this curious species is preserved in a fine-grained sandstone as an [outside] mould — that is , all the original shell material has been dissolved away , but this still allows an accurate view of the original organism , especially if an artificial cast is taken from the natural mould .

Arthropods are those animals with an external , usually ‘ chitinous ’ skeleton ( exoskeleton ) and have characteristic legs , feelers , etc .
arthropods are those animals with an [outside] , usually ‘ chitinous ’ skeleton ( exoskeleton ) and have characteristic legs , feelers , etc .

They are mostly small and there is a good physiological reason for this : gigantism is mechanically difficult for animals with external skeletons , and above a certain size it is difficult to get enough oxygen into the organism to sustain activity .
they are mostly small and there is a good physiological reason for this : gigantism is mechanically difficult for animals with [outside] skeletons , and above a certain size it is difficult to get enough oxygen into the organism to sustain activity .

This is partly due to the flexibility of the external skeleton — it can be modified into wings , fortified into claws , sealed against searing heat , or turned into eye lenses .
this is partly due to the flexibility of the [outside] skeleton — it can be modified into wings , fortified into claws , sealed against searing heat , or turned into eye lenses .

They were probably derived from some sort of segmented worm ( annelid ) — a few scientists adopt the view that different arthropods may have come from different and separate worms , independently , which became ‘ arthropodized ’ by acquiring an external skeleton .
they were probably derived from some sort of segmented worm ( annelid ) — a few scientists adopt the view that different arthropods may have come from different and separate worms , independently , which became ‘ arthropodized ’ by acquiring an [outside] skeleton .

They have a high degree of organization and a variety of form that shows how quickly the arthropods were able to exploit the advantages of their external skeleton .
they have a high degree of organization and a variety of form that shows how quickly the arthropods were able to exploit the advantages of their [outside] skeleton .

The vast majority of living fish belong here ( 18,000 species or so ) , which rival the insects in their multitude of adaptations and variety of external form .
the vast majority of living fish belong here ( 18,000 species or so ) , which rival the insects in their multitude of adaptations and variety of [outside] form .

The ‘ not invented here ’ or ‘ not discovered by us ’ syndrome runs strongly in British official circles and official inquiries are more than capable of requiring standards of rigour and a quality of proof from external or ‘ independent ’ evidence which are never applied to the government 's own sources .
the ‘ not invented here ’ or ‘ not discovered by us ’ syndrome runs strongly in british official circles and official inquiries are more than capable of requiring standards of rigour and a quality of proof from [outside] or ‘ independent ’ evidence which are never applied to the government 's own sources .

This alone suggests that there is a serious danger of the European Community becoming based on an absurd paradox : that of internal free trade but external protectionism .
this alone suggests that there is a serious danger of the european community becoming based on an absurd paradox : that of internal free trade but [outside] protectionism .

’ In the Single European Act of 1986 there is a proviso that ‘ the institutions of the Community shall take care not to prejudice the internal or external financial stability of the member states ’ .
’ in the single european act of 1986 there is a proviso that ‘ the institutions of the community shall take care not to prejudice the internal or [outside] financial stability of the member states ’ .

Like many other academic initiatives , it seems to have gone largely unnoticed at the time , and its historical importance has been perhaps exaggerated by those who live between the covers of books , yet it illustrates that in Germany freedom is considered primarily as freedom from an occupying power , from external political domination .
like many other academic initiatives , it seems to have gone largely unnoticed at the time , and its historical importance has been perhaps exaggerated by those who live between the covers of books , yet it illustrates that in germany freedom is considered primarily as freedom from an occupying power , from [outside] political domination .

When the Weimar Republic was founded , the feeling that Germany had once again been suppressed by victorious external powers was very strong : the division of Prussia into East and West , the imposition of reparations ( the economic effects of which Keynes so famously and misguidedly attacked ) and the association of republicanism and parliamentarianism with defeat all fostered the belief that Germany had been stabbed in the back .
when the weimar republic was founded , the feeling that germany had once again been suppressed by victorious [outside] powers was very strong : the division of prussia into east and west , the imposition of reparations ( the economic effects of which keynes so famously and misguidedly attacked ) and the association of republicanism and parliamentarianism with defeat all fostered the belief that germany had been stabbed in the back .

However , the increase in legislation and in consumer power have altered the balance so that schools , if they are to survive and be effective , must be sensitive and responsive to the demands of the external environment .
however , the increase in legislation and in consumer power have altered the balance so that schools , if they are to survive and be effective , must be sensitive and responsive to the demands of the [outside] environment .

This strategic planning process makes use of external sources for information and the non-routine nature of the process will present an irregular pattern of demand for the information .
this strategic planning process makes use of [outside] sources for information and the non-routine nature of the process will present an irregular pattern of demand for the information .

Planning should begin with an analysis of the present position taking account of both internal and external factors and a forecast of future developments , moving on to the definition of broad aims .
planning should begin with an analysis of the present position taking account of both internal and [outside] factors and a forecast of future developments , moving on to the definition of broad aims .

The necessary information ( external and internal ) is available .
the necessary information ( [outside] and internal ) is available .

The centrality of leadership has led to a significant body of literature which analyses leadership styles , the nature of power and authority and the relationship of the leader to the organisation and external bodies .
the centrality of leadership has led to a significant body of literature which analyses leadership styles , the nature of power and authority and the relationship of the leader to the organisation and [outside] bodies .

Economic — pay , security and external factors .
economic — pay , security and [outside] factors .

Does the structure facilitate development ? To what extent is the structure capable of change , adaptation and development , allowing for individual development and sensitivity to the external environment ?
does the structure facilitate development ? to what extent is the structure capable of change , adaptation and development , allowing for individual development and sensitivity to the [outside] environment ?

In a sense , history is repeating itself in that the sequence of development in the past has also contained local ‘ boom ’ elements such as kelp gathering in the 19th century or the bulb growing schemes in the 1960 's , both of which foundered in response to changes in external economic imperatives , although at the outset there were high hopes that unique local resources i.e .
in a sense , history is repeating itself in that the sequence of development in the past has also contained local ‘ boom ’ elements such as kelp gathering in the 19th century or the bulb growing schemes in the 1960 's , both of which foundered in response to changes in [outside] economic imperatives , although at the outset there were high hopes that unique local resources i.e .

When colleges of education in the 1960s were clamouring to employ Brian Way as their external examiner and his children 's theatre companies were a household name throughout the country 's education authorities , Dorothy Heathcote was relatively unknown in spite of having held her university post since the early 1950s .
when colleges of education in the 1960s were clamouring to employ brian way as their [outside] examiner and his children 's theatre companies were a household name throughout the country 's education authorities , dorothy heathcote was relatively unknown in spite of having held her university post since the early 1950s .

In other words , instead of trying to simulate grief or whatever , the emotional aspects are held in abeyance in order to make decisions about the external features of the depiction .
in other words , instead of trying to simulate grief or whatever , the emotional aspects are held in abeyance in order to make decisions about the [outside] features of the depiction .

We will work to strengthen the external frontiers of the Community whilst maintaining the checks needed at our own borders against illegal immigration , drugs , terrorism and disease .
we will work to strengthen the [outside] frontiers of the community whilst maintaining the checks needed at our own borders against illegal immigration , drugs , terrorism and disease .

Next year alone , British Rail 's external finance will top £2,000 million .
next year alone , british rail 's [outside] finance will top £2,000 million .

Take the external measurements ( length and breadth only ) of your house , multiply them , then multiply that figure by the number of storeys
take the [outside] measurements ( length and breadth only ) of your house , multiply them , then multiply that figure by the number of storeys

We ended up with 80 % of the company , as well as operational freedom and a sympathetic external shareholder .
we ended up with 80 % of the company , as well as operational freedom and a sympathetic [outside] shareholder .

Manpower planning has become quite sophisticated where internal or external specialists are used and computer time is available for making predictions .
manpower planning has become quite sophisticated where internal or [outside] specialists are used and computer time is available for making predictions .

Attempts to do this will usually lead to separating internal forces from external ones .
attempts to do this will usually lead to separating internal forces from [outside] ones .

External factors
[outside] factors

The external factors though are concerned with real events .
the [outside] factors though are concerned with real events .

You could experiment , question and observe to test out how these external factors relate to behaviour .
you could experiment , question and observe to test out how these [outside] factors relate to behaviour .

facilitating the flow of information from external sources .
facilitating the flow of information from [outside] sources .

So just at the time when that first vital relationship between parent and child is in its most tenuous stages ‘ external tensions and difficulties are most likely to take their toll and may cause the baby to become fractious and the parent to be over-tired and irritable .
so just at the time when that first vital relationship between parent and child is in its most tenuous stages ‘ [outside] tensions and difficulties are most likely to take their toll and may cause the baby to become fractious and the parent to be over-tired and irritable .

Those who have worked harder at their relationship , allowing it to change and develop ( or perhaps those who are luckier — whichever way one chooses to look at it ) may be content together but external relationships will still change .
those who have worked harder at their relationship , allowing it to change and develop ( or perhaps those who are luckier — whichever way one chooses to look at it ) may be content together but [outside] relationships will still change .

Many external influences can affect our state of mind , from the food we eat to the time of year , from programming in our past to stress in our current situation .
many [outside] influences can affect our state of mind , from the food we eat to the time of year , from programming in our past to stress in our current situation .

In practice we distinguish between the external cause of a rhythm , which is caused by our life-style or environment , and another internal cause , which we might say is due to a clock within our body .
in practice we distinguish between the [outside] cause of a rhythm , which is caused by our life-style or environment , and another internal cause , which we might say is due to a clock within our body .

The rhythms we shall consider in this book all consist of a mixture of internal and external causes .
the rhythms we shall consider in this book all consist of a mixture of internal and [outside] causes .

Separating the internal and external causes of body rhythms
separating the internal and [outside] causes of body rhythms

Having established that body rhythms are a mixture of internal and external causes , we need to have some experimental means by which we can measure the contribution of each to the total rhythm .
having established that body rhythms are a mixture of internal and [outside] causes , we need to have some experimental means by which we can measure the contribution of each to the total rhythm .

The aim of this experiment is to study individuals under circumstances in which the external causes of rhythms are removed .
the aim of this experiment is to study individuals under circumstances in which the [outside] causes of rhythms are removed .

Such ‘ constant routines ’ remove all external rhythms since both the environment and the life-style of the individuals have been constant throughout the 24 hours .
such ‘ constant routines ’ remove all [outside] rhythms since both the environment and the life-style of the individuals have been constant throughout the 24 hours .

This figure shows that daily rhythms are less marked but show a similar pattern ( that is , general shape and timing ) when measured in the absence of external rhythms .
this figure shows that daily rhythms are less marked but show a similar pattern ( that is , general shape and timing ) when measured in the absence of [outside] rhythms .

In addition , the differences we see between the rhythm measured normally and under constant routine conditions must be due to external causes ( rhythms in our life-style and environment ) .
in addition , the differences we see between the rhythm measured normally and under constant routine conditions must be due to [outside] causes ( rhythms in our life-style and environment ) .

1.1 , for example ) has an external as well as an internal cause but also it enables us to compare their size .
1.1 , for example ) has an [outside] as well as an internal cause but also it enables us to compare their size .

Unfortunately for us , internal and external causes do not always co-operate .
unfortunately for us , internal and [outside] causes do not always co-operate .

‘ Larks ’ and ‘ Owls ’ — the interaction between internal and external causes
‘ larks ’ and ‘ owls ’ — the interaction between internal and [outside] causes

Although people are equal in that they possess in common many rhythms , composed of external and internal causes , there are also differences between them .
although people are equal in that they possess in common many rhythms , composed of [outside] and internal causes , there are also differences between them .

Even though the role of the body clock as the internal cause of a rhythm can be investigated after removing external causes by performing a constant routine for 24 hours , this only enables us to assess the effects of the clock over a single cycle of the rhythm .
even though the role of the body clock as the internal cause of a rhythm can be investigated after removing [outside] causes by performing a constant routine for 24 hours , this only enables us to assess the effects of the clock over a single cycle of the rhythm .

( for the moment , the important point to be gained from these results is that the maintenance of rhythms , in the absence of external information about time , confirms the presence of an internal body clock .
( for the moment , the important point to be gained from these results is that the maintenance of rhythms , in the absence of [outside] information about time , confirms the presence of an internal body clock .

The rhythm is responding to an external influence that has not been controlled in the experimental protocol .
the rhythm is responding to an [outside] influence that has not been controlled in the experimental protocol .

• Where are the sense organs that pick up such external factors ?
• where are the sense organs that pick up such [outside] factors ?

With reference to real , external time , by day 9 of the experiment he was acting like a night-worker , even though he always go up at what he called 0800 and then ate breakfast .
with reference to real , [outside] time , by day 9 of the experiment he was acting like a night-worker , even though he always go up at what he called 0800 and then ate breakfast .

The external reference that is used is the timing of one or more rhythms in the environment .
the [outside] reference that is used is the timing of one or more rhythms in the environment .

The important role of the environment in modifying behaviour , the external cause , has already been described .
the important role of the environment in modifying behaviour , the [outside] cause , has already been described .

Clearly , there will be a wide overlap between the role of the environment in contributing to this external cause of a rhythm , its effect upon an organism 's behaviour , and its ability to adjust the body clock .
clearly , there will be a wide overlap between the role of the environment in contributing to this [outside] cause of a rhythm , its effect upon an organism 's behaviour , and its ability to adjust the body clock .

Some people who have fewer external commitments ( single , unemployed , or self-employed individuals , for example ) might make less use of normal time-cues and their rhythms might even come closer to a 25-hour free-running period .
some people who have fewer [outside] commitments ( single , unemployed , or self-employed individuals , for example ) might make less use of normal time-cues and their rhythms might even come closer to a 25-hour free-running period .

We know that our clock is normally adjusted by various external factors — and now we can use them to help us adjust to a change in life-style .
we know that our clock is normally adjusted by various [outside] factors — and now we can use them to help us adjust to a change in life-style .

We have already outlined the evidence ( Chapter 1 and 2 ) that the rhythms of fatigue and body temperature have both external and internal causes .
we have already outlined the evidence ( chapter 1 and 2 ) that the rhythms of fatigue and body temperature have both [outside] and internal causes .

If sleep is taken at an unusual time , the changes associated with it ( the release of some hormones , the type of sleep ) will be affected to different extents depending on whether they are dominated by external factors or the body clock .
if sleep is taken at an unusual time , the changes associated with it ( the release of some hormones , the type of sleep ) will be affected to different extents depending on whether they are dominated by [outside] factors or the body clock .

phenomena that are influenced mainly by the body clock will be affected more ( you are sleeping at the ‘ wrong time ’ as determined by this clock ) than those determined mainly by external factors .
phenomena that are influenced mainly by the body clock will be affected more ( you are sleeping at the ‘ wrong time ’ as determined by this clock ) than those determined mainly by [outside] factors .

External factors ( lighting , heating , noise , traffic conditions , weather factors ) are kept constant .
[outside] factors ( lighting , heating , noise , traffic conditions , weather factors ) are kept constant .

For ambulance men and air-traffic controllers , those in ‘ supply-and-demand ’ situations , the demand is due to external factors and the workers have to respond ; their work load is not self-paced .
for ambulance men and air-traffic controllers , those in ‘ supply-and-demand ’ situations , the demand is due to [outside] factors and the workers have to respond ; their work load is not self-paced .

So this external factor offsets the fact that performance in the evening due to the body clock might be deteriorating .
so this [outside] factor offsets the fact that performance in the evening due to the body clock might be deteriorating .

Remember that performance is susceptible to the effects of external conditions , the mood of the subject and sleep loss , as well as to rhythmic changes .
remember that performance is susceptible to the effects of [outside] conditions , the mood of the subject and sleep loss , as well as to rhythmic changes .

1.3 ) The rhythm that persists in these circumstances indicates that the effect of the body clock and the difference from the normal rhythm is due to external causes .
1.3 ) the rhythm that persists in these circumstances indicates that the effect of the body clock and the difference from the normal rhythm is due to [outside] causes .

This type of experiment indicates that the relative importances of the external and internal causes depends upon the substance being considered .
this type of experiment indicates that the relative importances of the [outside] and internal causes depends upon the substance being considered .

for example , the internal cause of the rhythm in potassium excretion is quite large , whereas for calcium and water excretion the external cause is dominant ( see Fig .
for example , the internal cause of the rhythm in potassium excretion is quite large , whereas for calcium and water excretion the [outside] cause is dominant ( see fig .

The external cause of the rhythms of urine formation comes from two sources : our diet and changes in posture .
the [outside] cause of the rhythms of urine formation comes from two sources : our diet and changes in posture .

It is a very good example of the internal cause of renal rhythms — the body clock — overriding the external cause , a change in posture .
it is a very good example of the internal cause of renal rhythms — the body clock — overriding the [outside] cause , a change in posture .

As a general rule , those with the highest internal cause ( body temperature , for example ) develop later in life than those with marked external causes ( urine flow , for instance ) .
as a general rule , those with the highest internal cause ( body temperature , for example ) develop later in life than those with marked [outside] causes ( urine flow , for instance ) .

This theory is that , as in the adult , the changes associated with being asleep and awake will have a direct effect upon all rhythms , and so become the external cause of them .
this theory is that , as in the adult , the changes associated with being asleep and awake will have a direct effect upon all rhythms , and so become the [outside] cause of them .

As a result of this , rhythms with the greater external cause will appear to develop earlier in childhood than those with a smaller external cause .
as a result of this , rhythms with the greater [outside] cause will appear to develop earlier in childhood than those with a smaller [outside] cause .

External and internal causes for developing rhythms
[outside] and internal causes for developing rhythms

They develop a weak sleep/wake rhythm in the absence of external time cues , the implication of which has just been discussed .
they develop a weak sleep/wake rhythm in the absence of [outside] time cues , the implication of which has just been discussed .

In summary , with their development in infancy as well as their manifestation in adults , rhythms are associated with both external and internal causes .
in summary , with their development in infancy as well as their manifestation in adults , rhythms are associated with both [outside] and internal causes .

An alternative explanation , however , is that rhythms with a 24-hour period are received from the external world — but that these are picked up and transmitted to the body clock less effectively in premature babies .
an alternative explanation , however , is that rhythms with a 24-hour period are received from the [outside] world — but that these are picked up and transmitted to the body clock less effectively in premature babies .

There is , however , a possible external cause to them as well as , or instead of , the internal cause .
there is , however , a possible [outside] cause to them as well as , or instead of , the internal cause .

All these factors — due to external and internal causes — will conspire to produce an individual who is less polarized in his life-style between day and night .
all these factors — due to [outside] and internal causes — will conspire to produce an individual who is less polarized in his life-style between day and night .

What we have not yet considered is where the body clock is and how it is adjusted by external time-cues .
what we have not yet considered is where the body clock is and how it is adjusted by [outside] time-cues .

( That , after all , is what is meant by the external cause of a daily rhythm . )
( that , after all , is what is meant by the [outside] cause of a daily rhythm . )

Both mechanisms — that due to the clock and that due to the environment — are required by a living organism , and our previous discussion of the roles of the environment , as an external cause of a rhythm as well as a Zeitgeber giving time-cues to adjust the body clock , shows how intimate their combination is under normal circumstances .
both mechanisms — that due to the clock and that due to the environment — are required by a living organism , and our previous discussion of the roles of the environment , as an [outside] cause of a rhythm as well as a zeitgeber giving time-cues to adjust the body clock , shows how intimate their combination is under normal circumstances .

In the simplest terms , the daily timing system consists of a body clock that is synchronized by external time-cues and that sends information to a variety of systems in the body and so produces daily rhythms in them .
in the simplest terms , the daily timing system consists of a body clock that is synchronized by [outside] time-cues and that sends information to a variety of systems in the body and so produces daily rhythms in them .

Yet , if a lack of time-cues or a difficulty in perceiving them were important in some cases , then a possibility that has not yet been tested is one of attempting to promote the presence of 24-hour rhythms in a patient by increasing external time-cues or by administering sedation and intravenous feeding on a daily schedule .
yet , if a lack of time-cues or a difficulty in perceiving them were important in some cases , then a possibility that has not yet been tested is one of attempting to promote the presence of 24-hour rhythms in a patient by increasing [outside] time-cues or by administering sedation and intravenous feeding on a daily schedule .

His body clock free-ran so that on occasions he was the victim of a clash between an internal cause — which thought it was night and wanted him to sleep — and an external cause , society — which required him to work in the ( real ) daytime .
his body clock free-ran so that on occasions he was the victim of a clash between an internal cause — which thought it was night and wanted him to sleep — and an [outside] cause , society — which required him to work in the ( real ) daytime .

Jet-lag is the consequence of there being a mis-match between our body clock and the external timing , because our body clock is slow to adjust to the change in local time .
jet-lag is the consequence of there being a mis-match between our body clock and the [outside] timing , because our body clock is slow to adjust to the change in local time .

There is no reason whatsoever why our explanation of jet-lag as a consequence of a mismatching between the body clock and the new external environment should go unquestioned .
there is no reason whatsoever why our explanation of jet-lag as a consequence of a mismatching between the body clock and the new [outside] environment should go unquestioned .

Under normal circumstances these different rhythms give the same information about external time ; that is , they reinforce one another .
under normal circumstances these different rhythms give the same information about [outside] time ; that is , they reinforce one another .

Those who , day by day , show regular habits and who are subjected to these external influences in a regular way possess body clocks that are more accurately adjusted to 24 hours than do those whose life-style is less regular ( see fig .
those who , day by day , show regular habits and who are subjected to these [outside] influences in a regular way possess body clocks that are more accurately adjusted to 24 hours than do those whose life-style is less regular ( see fig .

In the meantime , businesses must understand the requirements of the legislation , implement suitable management controls to maintain the required standards , and review their insurance and their use of external support services — which can be cost-effective investments in the event of crisis .
in the meantime , businesses must understand the requirements of the legislation , implement suitable management controls to maintain the required standards , and review their insurance and their use of [outside] support services — which can be cost-effective investments in the event of crisis .

Despite the hotel 's attractive riverside location , there are both internal and external elements which need further attention to maximise the hotel 's potential .
despite the hotel 's attractive riverside location , there are both internal and [outside] elements which need further attention to maximise the hotel 's potential .

An external door to the main bar does exist and should be clearly indicated with external signs and menu boards .
an [outside] door to the main bar does exist and should be clearly indicated with [outside] signs and menu boards .

These basic proposals for the development of the hotel need not cost a great deal : Outside signage £2,000 medium term External planting £500 long term External furniture £1,500 short term Reception lighting £300 short term afé facility £2,500 long term Restaurant development £1,000 medium term
these basic proposals for the development of the hotel need not cost a great deal : outside signage £2,000 medium term [outside] planting £500 long term [outside] furniture £1,500 short term reception lighting £300 short term afé facility £2,500 long term restaurant development £1,000 medium term

The second most characteristic external feature of many barns is the pitching hole , a window-like opening , covered by a wooden shutter , several of which might be provided in the side and end walls in order to pitch corn or hay into the barn from a cart standing outside .
the second most characteristic [outside] feature of many barns is the pitching hole , a window-like opening , covered by a wooden shutter , several of which might be provided in the side and end walls in order to pitch corn or hay into the barn from a cart standing outside .

Where these projections of the formerly open central bay of the building are not glazed , they are finished in dark-stained timber , a treatment that has been applied to all new external and internal timberwork and is a conventional finish for the external woodwork of many local farm buildings .
where these projections of the formerly open central bay of the building are not glazed , they are finished in dark-stained timber , a treatment that has been applied to all new [outside] and internal timberwork and is a conventional finish for the [outside] woodwork of many local farm buildings .

Ensuring that the glazing of such new openings is kept well back from the external face of the walls ( at least 225mm ( 9in ) ) has meant that reflection has been minimised and the ‘ black hole ’ unglazed-opening appearance of apertures in traditional barns has been recreated .
ensuring that the glazing of such new openings is kept well back from the [outside] face of the walls ( at least 225mm ( 9in ) ) has meant that reflection has been minimised and the ‘ black hole ’ unglazed-opening appearance of apertures in traditional barns has been recreated .

This treatment was also applied to the smaller door , reached via a short flight of external stone steps that previously served the upper-level hay-loft , so that the new infilling panel of clear double-glazing , set well back from the external face of the wall , helps to light a sitting room while a ‘ door ’ , which can be swung like a shutter to seal this opening , is fixed back against the face of the adjoining flintwork .
this treatment was also applied to the smaller door , reached via a short flight of [outside] stone steps that previously served the upper-level hay-loft , so that the new infilling panel of clear double-glazing , set well back from the [outside] face of the wall , helps to light a sitting room while a ‘ door ’ , which can be swung like a shutter to seal this opening , is fixed back against the face of the adjoining flintwork .

Four additional openings were made in this external wall and three existing openings were modified in order to admit adequate light to the altered interior .
four additional openings were made in this [outside] wall and three existing openings were modified in order to admit adequate light to the altered interior .

The brick-built garage which adjoined this west elevation was demolished and rebuilt with its new external walls showing a flint facing matching the remainder of the structure .
the brick-built garage which adjoined this west elevation was demolished and rebuilt with its new [outside] walls showing a flint facing matching the remainder of the structure .

The building 's external walls are faced in ironstone setts with Bath stone dressings to corners and door and window openings .
the building 's [outside] walls are faced in ironstone setts with bath stone dressings to corners and door and window openings .

Although it is clear that these changes were made in order to admit light to the new , deep-plan living accommodation , it is conceivable that the judicious use of ranges of standard reversible and ventilating roof windows might have provided an answer to this requirement which would have been less erosive of the original external appearance .
although it is clear that these changes were made in order to admit light to the new , deep-plan living accommodation , it is conceivable that the judicious use of ranges of standard reversible and ventilating roof windows might have provided an answer to this requirement which would have been less erosive of the original [outside] appearance .

By the same token , in contrast to the conversion of St James 's , Knatchbull Road , where 50 per cent of the cost of external repairs to this listed building was met by English Heritage , only 25 per cent of the cost of this work at All Saints was covered by a central government grant .
by the same token , in contrast to the conversion of st james 's , knatchbull road , where 50 per cent of the cost of [outside] repairs to this listed building was met by english heritage , only 25 per cent of the cost of this work at all saints was covered by a central government grant .

Funds were also provided by Lambeth Council as the local Inner City Partnership Authority , for the execution of landscaping and external works .
funds were also provided by lambeth council as the local inner city partnership authority , for the execution of landscaping and [outside] works .

It is common for these perforations in the broad surfaces of church external walls to be small .
it is common for these perforations in the broad surfaces of church [outside] walls to be small .

Individual gas supplies were not provided in the services included in the rebuilding , partly because of the difficulties in projecting the resultant chimneys and flues through the external surfaces — the appearance of which was closely watched by officials of English Heritage .
individual gas supplies were not provided in the services included in the rebuilding , partly because of the difficulties in projecting the resultant chimneys and flues through the [outside] surfaces — the appearance of which was closely watched by officials of english heritage .

The conversion to a house of the former village school at Airton , in the Yorkshire Dales , which is one of the following case studies , shows how a similarly ‘ standard ’ type of local authority school — in this case in a rural location — can be transformed into a convenient and characterful dwelling without adversely affecting its external appearance .
the conversion to a house of the former village school at airton , in the yorkshire dales , which is one of the following case studies , shows how a similarly ‘ standard ’ type of local authority school — in this case in a rural location — can be transformed into a convenient and characterful dwelling without adversely affecting its [outside] appearance .

Apart from the deepening and modification of the existing central window openings of each main gable to create garden access doors , the only other alterations to the external appearance were modifications to the existing very high classroom windows of the east and south elevations to reconcile them with the newly inserted upper floor and gallery .
apart from the deepening and modification of the existing central window openings of each main gable to create garden access doors , the only other alterations to the [outside] appearance were modifications to the existing very high classroom windows of the east and south elevations to reconcile them with the newly inserted upper floor and gallery .

Thus , their solicitor drew up a document detailing joint responsibility for communal maintenance of roofs , courtyards and external paintwork .
thus , their solicitor drew up a document detailing joint responsibility for communal maintenance of roofs , courtyards and [outside] paintwork .

To simplify the handling of sacks of corn , facilities such as loading ramps , waggon bays and internal or external hoists that could lift sacks to the top of the mill for storage were installed .
to simplify the handling of sacks of corn , facilities such as loading ramps , waggon bays and internal or [outside] hoists that could lift sacks to the top of the mill for storage were installed .

The earliest textile mills were similar to the traditional water-powered flour mills because they consisted of load-bearing masonry external walls and wooden floors held up by timber posts or cast-iron columns and often occupied equally remote rural locations in order to exploit fully the power provided by the rushing streams of narrow Pennine valleys .
the earliest textile mills were similar to the traditional water-powered flour mills because they consisted of load-bearing masonry [outside] walls and wooden floors held up by timber posts or cast-iron columns and often occupied equally remote rural locations in order to exploit fully the power provided by the rushing streams of narrow pennine valleys .

Taken together with the replacement of the solid , load-bearing external walls by rows of brick piers flanking narrower infill panels , this development allowed the area of window relative to wall to increase to a maximum in the 1900s when the façades of mills became more glass than brick .
taken together with the replacement of the solid , load-bearing [outside] walls by rows of brick piers flanking narrower infill panels , this development allowed the area of window relative to wall to increase to a maximum in the 1900s when the façades of mills became more glass than brick .

An existing external door was re-used as the main entrance and the new straight-flight stair , giving access to the first-floor living-rooms , was located on the site off the former upper storeys ' access ladder .
an existing [outside] door was re-used as the main entrance and the new straight-flight stair , giving access to the first-floor living-rooms , was located on the site off the former upper storeys ' access ladder .

It was decided to enter into a fixed price ‘ design and build ’ contract with a major firm and to appoint an external project manager to oversee the building work .
it was decided to enter into a fixed price ‘ design and build ’ contract with a major firm and to appoint an [outside] project manager to oversee the building work .

The fact that the building is listed limited the opportunities for external alterations , and internal layouts had to respect existing window locations ( Fig 60 ) .
the fact that the building is listed limited the opportunities for [outside] alterations , and internal layouts had to respect existing window locations ( fig 60 ) .

The general construction is of brick external walls with a central masonry spine wall running from front to back .
the general construction is of brick [outside] walls with a central masonry spine wall running from front to back .

But as demonstrated by a variety of research — including both internal police studies and external work like the 1985 Islington Crime Survey — more damaging still is the accumulation of the public 's direct and disappointing contacts with police .
but as demonstrated by a variety of research — including both internal police studies and [outside] work like the 1985 islington crime survey — more damaging still is the accumulation of the public 's direct and disappointing contacts with police .

No doubt there were many contributory external or psychological factors in what was happening to the way he perceived his own personality .
no doubt there were many contributory [outside] or psychological factors in what was happening to the way he perceived his own personality .

Ealing 's films of the 1950s also deal with communities , not torn apart by inner rivalries but bonded in solidarity against an external aggressor .
ealing 's films of the 1950s also deal with communities , not torn apart by inner rivalries but bonded in solidarity against an [outside] aggressor .

You can just about excuse Porsche for not altering the external shape , but forgiveness is impossible when it concerns the interior .
you can just about excuse porsche for not altering the [outside] shape , but forgiveness is impossible when it concerns the interior .

Caird is sending shareholders an external environmental audit which it commissioned from consultants Mott MacDonald .
caird is sending shareholders an [outside] environmental audit which it commissioned from consultants mott macdonald .

The picture 's erotic charge lies in the juxtaposition of the external world and the ( normally ) concealed , in its urinal's-eye-view .
the picture 's erotic charge lies in the juxtaposition of the [outside] world and the ( normally ) concealed , in its urinal's-eye-view .

Now suffering , in the proper sense , is caused precisely by external factors affecting us , physical conditions or the actions of other human beings which afflict or constrain us .
now suffering , in the proper sense , is caused precisely by [outside] factors affecting us , physical conditions or the actions of other human beings which afflict or constrain us .

Art is a human activity consisting in this , that one man consciously by means of certain external signs , hands on to others feelings he has lived through , and that others are infected by these feelings and also experience them .
art is a human activity consisting in this , that one man consciously by means of certain [outside] signs , hands on to others feelings he has lived through , and that others are infected by these feelings and also experience them .

Art is not , as the metaphysicians say , the manifestation of some Idea of beauty or God ; it is not , as the aesthetic physiologists say , a game in which man lets off his excess of stored-up energy ; it is not the expression of man 's emotions by external signs ; it is not the production of pleasing objects ; and , above all , it is not pleasure but it is a means of union among men joining them together in the same feelings , and indispensable for the life and progress towards wellbeing of individuals and humanity .
art is not , as the metaphysicians say , the manifestation of some idea of beauty or god ; it is not , as the aesthetic physiologists say , a game in which man lets off his excess of stored-up energy ; it is not the expression of man 's emotions by [outside] signs ; it is not the production of pleasing objects ; and , above all , it is not pleasure but it is a means of union among men joining them together in the same feelings , and indispensable for the life and progress towards wellbeing of individuals and humanity .

These qualities have always been present in the metaphors and similes of poetry but they have been less frequent in painting , which in the past was largely concerned with reproducing external reality , with decoration , or , as in the more advanced movements of recent years , with the composition of color and line into formal design .
these qualities have always been present in the metaphors and similes of poetry but they have been less frequent in painting , which in the past was largely concerned with reproducing [outside] reality , with decoration , or , as in the more advanced movements of recent years , with the composition of color and line into formal design .

Yet Prague was always an international city , whose culture was dependent on native and external traditions alike .
yet prague was always an international city , whose culture was dependent on native and [outside] traditions alike .

At the Huntsman 's Inn in Ide , Kent , the refurbishment proposals were to involve demolitions so extensive that all but a portion of the building 's external wall would be destroyed , the planned reconstruction included an extension that would double the size of the original structure .
at the huntsman 's inn in ide , kent , the refurbishment proposals were to involve demolitions so extensive that all but a portion of the building 's [outside] wall would be destroyed , the planned reconstruction included an extension that would double the size of the original structure .

Descartes is true to his radical dualism : everything that is a mark of mind is withdrawn into the mind , leaving the external world in atomistic darkness .
descartes is true to his radical dualism : everything that is a mark of mind is withdrawn into the mind , leaving the [outside] world in atomistic darkness .

’ The answer is that , as with associationism , their meaning comes from their relations to things external to themselves .
’ the answer is that , as with associationism , their meaning comes from their relations to things [outside] to themselves .

Their relations to one another determine the syntax ( that is , the grammar ) of the language they constitute , and their causal relations to the external world determine their semantics ( that is , what they are about or refer to ) .
their relations to one another determine the syntax ( that is , the grammar ) of the language they constitute , and their causal relations to the [outside] world determine their semantics ( that is , what they are about or refer to ) .

But if we think of the conscious subject as located within , or identical to , the brain , then external relations are beyond his gaze .
but if we think of the conscious subject as located within , or identical to , the brain , then [outside] relations are beyond his gaze .

Only an idealized observer could see both the inner processing and the causal relations of the symbols to outside objects that give them meaning : no one could actually be that idealized observer , because each observer is confined to operating on the symbols that are within his computational machinery , and this excludes their external causal relations .
only an idealized observer could see both the inner processing and the causal relations of the symbols to outside objects that give them meaning : no one could actually be that idealized observer , because each observer is confined to operating on the symbols that are within his computational machinery , and this excludes their [outside] causal relations .

So the flight from consciousness is the flight from any grasp on the intrinsic nature of any properties — not merely , as with Russell , of properties in the external world , but also of the features in our experience .
so the flight from consciousness is the flight from any grasp on the intrinsic nature of any properties — not merely , as with russell , of properties in the [outside] world , but also of the features in our experience .

We should attend to the fact that knowledge of the external world means representing a lot of facts at once , so many facts that we lose hold of the idea of ‘ representation ’ .
we should attend to the fact that knowledge of the [outside] world means representing a lot of facts at once , so many facts that we lose hold of the idea of ‘ representation ’ .

Constructivists do not admit such scepticism : the existence of an external world is one of the factors which make cognisance possible .
constructivists do not admit such scepticism : the existence of an [outside] world is one of the factors which make cognisance possible .

With its existence thus assumed it is knowledge of the external world which has to be explained .
with its existence thus assumed it is knowledge of the [outside] world which has to be explained .

Thinking — cognisance — is , however , not a matter of being in one mental state or another , or of flashing through a sequence of mental states : it is having conception of oneself as an experiencer of an external world , an experiencer who has the freedom to perform cognisant acts .
thinking — cognisance — is , however , not a matter of being in one mental state or another , or of flashing through a sequence of mental states : it is having conception of oneself as an experiencer of an [outside] world , an experiencer who has the freedom to perform cognisant acts .

And it has led to the introduction of new technologies for the direct investigation of the relationships between brain , behaviour and external events , the subject of the present chapter .
and it has led to the introduction of new technologies for the direct investigation of the relationships between brain , behaviour and [outside] events , the subject of the present chapter .

More significantly , he also realized that this electrical activity was affected by external stimuli falling on the sense organs .
more significantly , he also realized that this electrical activity was affected by [outside] stimuli falling on the sense organs .

The problem arises whenever we try to use conscious awareness as a dependent variable : for example , when we want to decide whether or not a particular external event leads to a phenomenal event .
the problem arises whenever we try to use conscious awareness as a dependent variable : for example , when we want to decide whether or not a particular [outside] event leads to a phenomenal event .

We only have the subjects ' external behavioural indicators ( verbal or non-verbal ) of their experiences and we have no way of validating these indicators .
we only have the subjects ' [outside] behavioural indicators ( verbal or non-verbal ) of their experiences and we have no way of validating these indicators .

The cause of sense is the external body , or object , which presseth the organ proper to each sense , either immediately , as in taste or touch ; or , mediately , as in seeing , hearing or smelling .
the cause of sense is the [outside] body , or object , which presseth the organ proper to each sense , either immediately , as in taste or touch ; or , mediately , as in seeing , hearing or smelling .

The external object
the [outside] object

The psychophysical laws relate sets of experiences , rather than relating experiences to something external to experience .
the psychophysical laws relate sets of experiences , rather than relating experiences to something [outside] to experience .

It is surprising what can be achieved in an old and complex building to provide for disabled people and also how much the internal and external architecture can benefit from the refurbishment that the opportunities of converting a building for disabled access can provide . Jeremy Bell , Maguire & Co
it is surprising what can be achieved in an old and complex building to provide for disabled people and also how much the internal and [outside] architecture can benefit from the refurbishment that the opportunities of converting a building for disabled access can provide . jeremy bell , maguire & co

Like any form of art , music has an intrinsic ability to revitalise itself ; but when this is stimulated by ‘ external ’ factors , for example , those that become operative in the wake of the industrial revolution , the Darwinian ferment and the resurgence of nationalism in the 19th century , not least a species of war-mongering , then wholly new genres may emerge .
like any form of art , music has an intrinsic ability to revitalise itself ; but when this is stimulated by ‘ [outside] ’ factors , for example , those that become operative in the wake of the industrial revolution , the darwinian ferment and the resurgence of nationalism in the 19th century , not least a species of war-mongering , then wholly new genres may emerge .

Here he could live in virtually complete seclusion , at a fraction of the cost it would take in northern Europe or Canada ; where the people were unconcerned as to who you were or what you did ; and where breathtaking vistas opened up for the seeing — both external and internal .
here he could live in virtually complete seclusion , at a fraction of the cost it would take in northern europe or canada ; where the people were unconcerned as to who you were or what you did ; and where breathtaking vistas opened up for the seeing — both [outside] and internal .

The church certainly had to follow this path in the face of the external constraints ; but the practice did strengthen its status , power , and the structure of political divisions .
the church certainly had to follow this path in the face of the [outside] constraints ; but the practice did strengthen its status , power , and the structure of political divisions .

The absoluteness of the vision excludes all alternatives , and requires external validation .
the absoluteness of the vision excludes all alternatives , and requires [outside] validation .

Civil government is designed , as long as we live in this world , to cherish and support the external worship of God ; to preserve the pure doctrine of religion , to defend the constitutions of the church , to regulate our lives in a manner requisite for the society of man , to form our manners to civil justice , to promote our concord with each other , and to establish general peace and tranquillity … ( Wright 1973 : 225 , quoting Calvin 1960 : 46 )
civil government is designed , as long as we live in this world , to cherish and support the [outside] worship of god ; to preserve the pure doctrine of religion , to defend the constitutions of the church , to regulate our lives in a manner requisite for the society of man , to form our manners to civil justice , to promote our concord with each other , and to establish general peace and tranquillity … ( wright 1973 : 225 , quoting calvin 1960 : 46 )

The State acknowledges that man , in virtue of his rational being , has the natural right , antecedent to positive law , to the private ownership of external goods .
the state acknowledges that man , in virtue of his rational being , has the natural right , antecedent to positive law , to the private ownership of [outside] goods .

The stomach muscles are made up of several muscle groups , the most important being the rectus abdominis and the external oblique .
the stomach muscles are made up of several muscle groups , the most important being the rectus abdominis and the [outside] oblique .

The external obliques are situated either side of the rectus abdominis , and run diagonally from top to bottom .
the [outside] obliques are situated either side of the rectus abdominis , and run diagonally from top to bottom .

From time to time , and particularly in connection with external courses , police officers and civilian employees may have cause to write articles , dissertations , essays , etc .
from time to time , and particularly in connection with [outside] courses , police officers and civilian employees may have cause to write articles , dissertations , essays , etc .

All personnel who undertake external study or produce articles should be mindful of the dangers of revealing privileged information and should :
all personnel who undertake [outside] study or produce articles should be mindful of the dangers of revealing privileged information and should :

In such ontological circumstances this allegedly public service must be singularly unsuited to objective assessment of any external demands for a reduction in its power or to encompassing any critical analysis which might cause loss of prestige .
in such ontological circumstances this allegedly public service must be singularly unsuited to objective assessment of any [outside] demands for a reduction in its power or to encompassing any critical analysis which might cause loss of prestige .

The latter trip may enable him to discover the ‘ external objects ’ , the analyst thinks : ‘ now , through analysis , you 're seeking the internal objects .
the latter trip may enable him to discover the ‘ [outside] objects ’ , the analyst thinks : ‘ now , through analysis , you 're seeking the internal objects .

The first two illustrations show the normal appearances of the male and female external genitalia , the male being uncircumcised .
the first two illustrations show the normal appearances of the male and female [outside] genitalia , the male being uncircumcised .

The female external genitalia consist of the vulva : the urethral opening , the vaginal orifice , and the clitoris .
the female [outside] genitalia consist of the vulva : the urethral opening , the vaginal orifice , and the clitoris .

The sores that it produces are usually found on the external surface of the penis in the male , but rarely the site of infection may be inside the urethra , and in these cases recurrent ‘ non-specific urethritis ’ may occur , which is particularly resistant to treatment .
the sores that it produces are usually found on the [outside] surface of the penis in the male , but rarely the site of infection may be inside the urethra , and in these cases recurrent ‘ non-specific urethritis ’ may occur , which is particularly resistant to treatment .

In some people whose immunological defences are weakened , either by the effect of drugs , cancer , or as a result of a congenital defect in antibody production , the fungus can invade the external skin surface , which is resistant to such infection under normal circumstances .
in some people whose immunological defences are weakened , either by the effect of drugs , cancer , or as a result of a congenital defect in antibody production , the fungus can invade the [outside] skin surface , which is resistant to such infection under normal circumstances .

There are sound anatomical reasons for this — the distance of the penis from the anus militates against direct infection from that source , and the ‘ external ’ nature of the penis makes it more easy to keep clean and perhaps abort an early infection .
there are sound anatomical reasons for this — the distance of the penis from the anus militates against direct infection from that source , and the ‘ [outside] ’ nature of the penis makes it more easy to keep clean and perhaps abort an early infection .

This may well make the act of intercourse uncomfortable and batter and bruise the external genitalia and the opening of the urethra .
this may well make the act of intercourse uncomfortable and batter and bruise the [outside] genitalia and the opening of the urethra .

If this symptom is analysed closely , it will be found that it is ‘ external ’ in character .
if this symptom is analysed closely , it will be found that it is ‘ [outside] ’ in character .

As already stated , the reason for the retention is the exquisite pain associated with passing urine , and the best way of solving the problem is to apply some local anaesthetic ointment until the vulva and external genitalia are completely numb and then sit the patient in a warm bath until urine has been passed .
as already stated , the reason for the retention is the exquisite pain associated with passing urine , and the best way of solving the problem is to apply some local anaesthetic ointment until the vulva and [outside] genitalia are completely numb and then sit the patient in a warm bath until urine has been passed .

They are found on the external genitalia and on the thighs , buttocks , and lower abdomen .
they are found on the [outside] genitalia and on the thighs , buttocks , and lower abdomen .

They can be found anywhere on the external genitalia , on the vaginal walls , and on the cervix .
they can be found anywhere on the [outside] genitalia , on the vaginal walls , and on the cervix .

After external examination of the pubic region and vulva , the doctor will pass a speculum into the vagina and take the various samples that he needs from the vagina and cervix .
after [outside] examination of the pubic region and vulva , the doctor will pass a speculum into the vagina and take the various samples that he needs from the vagina and cervix .

After inspection of the vulva and the skin surrounding the external genitalia , the doctor will pass a speculum into the vagina .
after inspection of the vulva and the skin surrounding the [outside] genitalia , the doctor will pass a speculum into the vagina .

As a dive computer it logs depth , temperature and cylinder pressure as functions of time , but by using different sensors it can also log up to eight other parameters simultaneously , and control 12 external devices like switches and relays .
as a dive computer it logs depth , temperature and cylinder pressure as functions of time , but by using different sensors it can also log up to eight other parameters simultaneously , and control 12 [outside] devices like switches and relays .

It is the loss of tangible , lively faith in the home that exaggerates the external , rationalistic and professionalized expressions of religion that are so deadening today .
it is the loss of tangible , lively faith in the home that exaggerates the [outside] , rationalistic and professionalized expressions of religion that are so deadening today .

You may be amazed that such an obvious shortcoming to a staff plan should have continued to escape my notice , but then you will agree that such is often the way with matters one has given abiding thought to over a period of time ; one is not struck by the truth until prompted quite accidentally by some external event .
you may be amazed that such an obvious shortcoming to a staff plan should have continued to escape my notice , but then you will agree that such is often the way with matters one has given abiding thought to over a period of time ; one is not struck by the truth until prompted quite accidentally by some [outside] event .

It is a dynamic system of continuous progressive changes due to external environmental conditions and to the processes of synthesis and decay brought about by the living organisms within the soil itself .
it is a dynamic system of continuous progressive changes due to [outside] environmental conditions and to the processes of synthesis and decay brought about by the living organisms within the soil itself .

For all these reasons , American stations were ‘ over-built ’ , provided with an external scale and an internal grandeur in the lavishness of their facilities and ornamentation which far exceeded strictly functional requirements .
for all these reasons , american stations were ‘ over-built ’ , provided with an [outside] scale and an internal grandeur in the lavishness of their facilities and ornamentation which far exceeded strictly functional requirements .

The Nation 's Schools , Butler 's official pamphlet of 1945 , gestured vaguely towards freedom and liveliness , but not much else : ‘ Free from the pressure of any external examination these schools can work out the best and liveliest forms of secondary education suited to their pupils .
the nation 's schools , butler 's official pamphlet of 1945 , gestured vaguely towards freedom and liveliness , but not much else : ‘ free from the pressure of any [outside] examination these schools can work out the best and liveliest forms of secondary education suited to their pupils .

His conversions involve few external visible alterations or internal subdivision of rooms .
his conversions involve few [outside] visible alterations or internal subdivision of rooms .

Over the next four years , with the help of further Historic Building Council grants and the support of the Manifold Trust , the whole of the external structure was successfully restored : the house was given a permanent roof ; the brickwork was repaired and the numerous cracks stitched up ; and all the remarkable octagonal window sashes repaired or replaced .
over the next four years , with the help of further historic building council grants and the support of the manifold trust , the whole of the [outside] structure was successfully restored : the house was given a permanent roof ; the brickwork was repaired and the numerous cracks stitched up ; and all the remarkable octagonal window sashes repaired or replaced .

‘ Minister for External Security .
‘ minister for [outside] security .

Lance Buckmaster , our esteemed Minister for External Security has asked me to attend him down at the ancestral home , Tavey Grange on Dartmoor .
lance buckmaster , our esteemed minister for [outside] security has asked me to attend him down at the ancestral home , tavey grange on dartmoor .

The importance of Bakhtin 's method lies not simply in the formal identification of a genre or a subgenre or a chronotope , but also in the connection which he establishes between internal generic form and external history .
the importance of bakhtin 's method lies not simply in the formal identification of a genre or a subgenre or a chronotope , but also in the connection which he establishes between internal generic form and [outside] history .

Verisimilitude is defined by Torodov as ‘ the individual text 's conformity to a textual norm external to it ’ , a conformity whose importance is that it ‘ produces the illusion of realism ’ .
verisimilitude is defined by torodov as ‘ the individual text 's conformity to a textual norm [outside] to it ’ , a conformity whose importance is that it ‘ produces the illusion of realism ’ .

Like the sulphonamides , it showed that bacteria could be attacked in vivo by single substances of external origin , and , like lysozyme , that such substances could be obtained from living organisms .
like the sulphonamides , it showed that bacteria could be attacked in vivo by single substances of [outside] origin , and , like lysozyme , that such substances could be obtained from living organisms .

General Comments on External Appearance
general comments on [outside] appearance

The European Commissioner for External Affairs , Mr Frans Andriessen , said in Brussels yesterday that the Community would not compromise its autonomy and the supremacy of its political institutions .
the european commissioner for [outside] affairs , mr frans andriessen , said in brussels yesterday that the community would not compromise its autonomy and the supremacy of its political institutions .

Where these arrangements co-exist with planning agreements for service areas , as at Guy 's Hospital , there is a basis for linking these negotiations with external contracts .
where these arrangements co-exist with planning agreements for service areas , as at guy 's hospital , there is a basis for linking these negotiations with [outside] contracts .

The people vaguely understand that the bulk of their country 's agricultural output goes abroad to pay Romania 's external bills .
the people vaguely understand that the bulk of their country 's agricultural output goes abroad to pay romania 's [outside] bills .

However , he feels that there are instances where regimes violating human rights might justifiably be subjected to external action .
however , he feels that there are instances where regimes violating human rights might justifiably be subjected to [outside] action .

In that final respect , the Healey was like the Cobra , but the Cobra did n't even have external door handles , just simple pulls inside which you reach in to open .
in that final respect , the healey was like the cobra , but the cobra did n't even have [outside] door handles , just simple pulls inside which you reach in to open .

In a war for the nation 's life this was held by external authorities to be provocative .
in a war for the nation 's life this was held by [outside] authorities to be provocative .

Threats in the external environment also provide a compelling reason to expand beyond the home market .
threats in the [outside] environment also provide a compelling reason to expand beyond the home market .

The securities industry also demonstrates particularly well the dangers of going international as a result of external pressure rather than internally-perceived opportunities .
the securities industry also demonstrates particularly well the dangers of going international as a result of [outside] pressure rather than internally-perceived opportunities .

Attention is focused on the external environment and markets , rather than customers .
attention is focused on the [outside] environment and markets , rather than customers .

If marketing was partially dynamic when it focused on the changing needs of customers , the introduction of the external environment as a driver of marketing thinking forces firms to be fully dynamic in their approach .
if marketing was partially dynamic when it focused on the changing needs of customers , the introduction of the [outside] environment as a driver of marketing thinking forces firms to be fully dynamic in their approach .

This sort of interdependence of interests is a feature of the relations between industrialised countries ; having built a strong overseas market position , a country will be forced to take more account of external pressures if that strong position is to be maintained .
this sort of interdependence of interests is a feature of the relations between industrialised countries ; having built a strong overseas market position , a country will be forced to take more account of [outside] pressures if that strong position is to be maintained .

The abolition of the domestic tax differential ( an example of a response to external pressure ) brought a soaring import market .
the abolition of the domestic tax differential ( an example of a response to [outside] pressure ) brought a soaring import market .

The process demonstrates both response to external pressure and the action that can be taken between companies which are both based in industrialised ( and therefore interdependent ) countries .
the process demonstrates both response to [outside] pressure and the action that can be taken between companies which are both based in industrialised ( and therefore interdependent ) countries .

early adopters — the next 13.5% ; these people are critical in the process , since they tend to be influential , and are the people willing to be influenced by external information ( such as advertising ) . They do not merely follow others who have already adopted the product , as do the following three catagories ;
early adopters — the next 13.5% ; these people are critical in the process , since they tend to be influential , and are the people willing to be influenced by [outside] information ( such as advertising ) . they do not merely follow others who have already adopted the product , as do the following three catagories ;

The sources of ‘ surveillance ’ information , in practice , are mainly people rather than documentary sources or external data banks . Source of information Comments
the sources of ‘ surveillance ’ information , in practice , are mainly people rather than documentary sources or [outside] data banks . source of information comments

1.2 External to the company
1.2 [outside] to the company

Eley noted that the German radical nationalist leagues were not tools of the ruling elite but were critical of the ability of ‘ the politics of notables ’ to confront internal and external threats to Germany and German propertied interests .
eley noted that the german radical nationalist leagues were not tools of the ruling elite but were critical of the ability of ‘ the politics of notables ’ to confront internal and [outside] threats to germany and german propertied interests .

The external factors affecting your business are constantly changing and you have in order to survive to adapt to these external changes .
the [outside] factors affecting your business are constantly changing and you have in order to survive to adapt to these [outside] changes .

You might think the only safe course is straightforward , sound , economic government and you might wonder therefore why so rarely in recent years Governments have practised it , except when they have been hit over the head by external forces and events that they could n't resist .
you might think the only safe course is straightforward , sound , economic government and you might wonder therefore why so rarely in recent years governments have practised it , except when they have been hit over the head by [outside] forces and events that they could n't resist .

It is impossible to exaggerate the revolutionary significance of the recognition of a binding judicial tribunal external to the realm .
it is impossible to exaggerate the revolutionary significance of the recognition of a binding judicial tribunal [outside] to the realm .

This ceases to be possible where a document accepted as binding is bindingly interpreted by an external court .
this ceases to be possible where a document accepted as binding is bindingly interpreted by an [outside] court .

However , if we do not like being judged by an external tribunal , if we do not like our citizens being interrogated by foreign judges about acts committed in the United Kingdom , if we do not like our Acts of Parliament and our internal administration being scrupulously picked over by a European Commission , if we do not like the relations between the Crown and its possessions being altered over our heads , the remedy is in our own hands .
however , if we do not like being judged by an [outside] tribunal , if we do not like our citizens being interrogated by foreign judges about acts committed in the united kingdom , if we do not like our acts of parliament and our internal administration being scrupulously picked over by a european commission , if we do not like the relations between the crown and its possessions being altered over our heads , the remedy is in our own hands .

What we can still do is to escape at long last from the constitutional fiction which we once grasped to ease our transition from the capital of a worldwide empire to a nation state alongside other nation states , but which , having produced so much havoc here at home , has turned into an instrument for external duress to be brought to bear on our own political institutions .
what we can still do is to escape at long last from the constitutional fiction which we once grasped to ease our transition from the capital of a worldwide empire to a nation state alongside other nation states , but which , having produced so much havoc here at home , has turned into an instrument for [outside] duress to be brought to bear on our own political institutions .

However as the nineteenth century proceeded , even the division of the spheres of government — the separation of internal and external policy — became increasingly difficult to maintain .
however as the nineteenth century proceeded , even the division of the spheres of government — the separation of internal and [outside] policy — became increasingly difficult to maintain .

If there was to be a common external policy , economic and strategic , which appeared more and more desirable , as between the parliamentarily self-governing populations around the world that were deemed all to be parts of one empire , the logical but crazy conclusion must be to defy the impracticability that had been so clear in the eighteenth century and to envisage an imperial parliament .
if there was to be a common [outside] policy , economic and strategic , which appeared more and more desirable , as between the parliamentarily self-governing populations around the world that were deemed all to be parts of one empire , the logical but crazy conclusion must be to defy the impracticability that had been so clear in the eighteenth century and to envisage an imperial parliament .

The end of the First World War was accompanied by unmistakable evidence that the population of the greater part of Ireland had no intention of remaining within the United Kingdom ; and when the attempt to force a home rule constitution upon them provoked a rebellion , Britain had to recognise defeat , but insisted upon the Irish Free State accepting what was called Canadian status by recognising the King Emperor as its representative for external purposes .
the end of the first world war was accompanied by unmistakable evidence that the population of the greater part of ireland had no intention of remaining within the united kingdom ; and when the attempt to force a home rule constitution upon them provoked a rebellion , britain had to recognise defeat , but insisted upon the irish free state accepting what was called canadian status by recognising the king emperor as its representative for [outside] purposes .

The Civil War was over , but the social repercussions of external and internal war and revolution flowed on right through the 1920s .
the civil war was over , but the social repercussions of [outside] and internal war and revolution flowed on right through the 1920s .

Maggie had never bothered to resist their reasoning , and she folded her clothes partly from the natural instinct of obedience , and partly because she had never been entirely sure that these external appendages did indeed belong to her , Maggie Petherington , or if perhaps they were loans from the mysterious outer world ; loans that would doubtless be called in some day .
maggie had never bothered to resist their reasoning , and she folded her clothes partly from the natural instinct of obedience , and partly because she had never been entirely sure that these [outside] appendages did indeed belong to her , maggie petherington , or if perhaps they were loans from the mysterious outer world ; loans that would doubtless be called in some day .

They would have the fire brigade round in a few moments if the external noise had been as loud as the internal one .
they would have the fire brigade round in a few moments if the [outside] noise had been as loud as the internal one .

Moving from her external trappings to her internal structure , he represents her as a sort of wooden skeleton .
moving from her [outside] trappings to her internal structure , he represents her as a sort of wooden skeleton .

the promotion of a pattern of economic growth in which the injection of external finance on soft terms was no longer necessary .
the promotion of a pattern of economic growth in which the injection of [outside] finance on soft terms was no longer necessary .

External improvement in the balance of payments was accompanied by a steady fall in the rate of inflation from a peak of 25 per cent at the end of 1975 to around 7 per cent by mid-1978 .
[outside] improvement in the balance of payments was accompanied by a steady fall in the rate of inflation from a peak of 25 per cent at the end of 1975 to around 7 per cent by mid-1978 .

In the immediate post-war period down to the mid-1950s there were endless external difficulties as the economy tried to recover from the strains of the war ; balance-of-payments crises of a severe kind in 1949 , 1951 , and 1955 , often accompanied by pressure on sterling , were endemic .
in the immediate post-war period down to the mid-1950s there were endless [outside] difficulties as the economy tried to recover from the strains of the war ; balance-of-payments crises of a severe kind in 1949 , 1951 , and 1955 , often accompanied by pressure on sterling , were endemic .

In the 1970s ‘ stagflation ’ set in apace , as external forces such as the 1973 oil-price explosion was accompanied by intense inflationary pressures at home , many of them associated with the rise of trade-union power .
in the 1970s ‘ stagflation ’ set in apace , as [outside] forces such as the 1973 oil-price explosion was accompanied by intense inflationary pressures at home , many of them associated with the rise of trade-union power .

The combination seems to point to some underlying form of ‘ essential history ’ of which each individual provides his variant but which can only be hinted at , not revealed , because when the voices join across time they never quite marry , though their coming together is an attempt to generate something which like a collective emotion is necessarily felt as something more than the experience of the individual , as something dominant and external ' .
the combination seems to point to some underlying form of ‘ essential history ’ of which each individual provides his variant but which can only be hinted at , not revealed , because when the voices join across time they never quite marry , though their coming together is an attempt to generate something which like a collective emotion is necessarily felt as something more than the experience of the individual , as something dominant and [outside] ' .

Yet Coriolan seems to criticize such ideas when they produce an external show ( ‘ 5,800,000 rifles and carbines ’ ) which may demonstrate force and flourish , yet has no central Word behind it .
yet coriolan seems to criticize such ideas when they produce an [outside] show ( ‘ 5,800,000 rifles and carbines ’ ) which may demonstrate force and flourish , yet has no central word behind it .

Critics also pointed to the lack of competition , absence of commercial disciplines ( although ministers could set external finance limits and financial ‘ targets ’ for return on capital ) , and threat of bankruptcy .
critics also pointed to the lack of competition , absence of commercial disciplines ( although ministers could set [outside] finance limits and financial ‘ targets ’ for return on capital ) , and threat of bankruptcy .

The state is to be rolled back in some areas and rolled forward in others … The real innovation of Thatcherism is the way it has linked traditional Conservative concern with the basis of authority in social institutions and the importance of internal order and external security , with a new emphasis upon free market exchange and the principles of the market order .
the state is to be rolled back in some areas and rolled forward in others … the real innovation of thatcherism is the way it has linked traditional conservative concern with the basis of authority in social institutions and the importance of internal order and [outside] security , with a new emphasis upon free market exchange and the principles of the market order .

This means that although the State is an external , exploitative body it is not seen as such by the people who , on the contrary , see it as a kind of beneficent organism which ‘ gives ’ them the land on which they depend .
this means that although the state is an [outside] , exploitative body it is not seen as such by the people who , on the contrary , see it as a kind of beneficent organism which ‘ gives ’ them the land on which they depend .

In this way the local communities can continue as collective organic wholes yet their continuing existence does not challenge , as it would in other systems , the external dictatorial force of the State .
in this way the local communities can continue as collective organic wholes yet their continuing existence does not challenge , as it would in other systems , the [outside] dictatorial force of the state .

‘ The socialist order is in danger in Hungary because internal and external reactionary forces have launched a counter-offensive aimed at restoring capitalism , ’ warned the manifesto of the party 's ‘ Marxist Unity Platform ’ which was read out at a mass rally in a Budapest stadium .
‘ the socialist order is in danger in hungary because internal and [outside] reactionary forces have launched a counter-offensive aimed at restoring capitalism , ’ warned the manifesto of the party 's ‘ marxist unity platform ’ which was read out at a mass rally in a budapest stadium .

Born in 1927 , Denis Serjeant qualified as an architect the hard way , by taking external examinations whilst articled to an Oxford architect .
born in 1927 , denis serjeant qualified as an architect the hard way , by taking [outside] examinations whilst articled to an oxford architect .

The upper floors give on to stepped and landscaped terraces , some internal , some external protected by the umbrella roof .
the upper floors give on to stepped and landscaped terraces , some internal , some [outside] protected by the umbrella roof .

External aggressive factors include excessive drinking , certain drugs such as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( NSAIDs ) , smoking and stress .
[outside] aggressive factors include excessive drinking , certain drugs such as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) , smoking and stress .

External Relations Committee
[outside] relations committee

External stimulation harder to obtain , to offset dull teaching .
[outside] stimulation harder to obtain , to offset dull teaching .

He concludes that the effectiveness of a given system should be based on its ability to fit in with the external systems making up its environment on the one hand , and , on the other hand , on its competence in allowing its own sub-systems to fit in with each other .
he concludes that the effectiveness of a given system should be based on its ability to fit in with the [outside] systems making up its environment on the one hand , and , on the other hand , on its competence in allowing its own sub-systems to fit in with each other .

They achieve declared or undeclared goals : involvement , legitimization , recognition , prestige , all of which increase their influence among the others in the client system and those in external systems , thus increasing the chances of further and better outputs in the future .
they achieve declared or undeclared goals : involvement , legitimization , recognition , prestige , all of which increase their influence among the others in the client system and those in [outside] systems , thus increasing the chances of further and better outputs in the future .

The administration and the external political and administrative establishment may see participation as a political end in itself , as well as a means to building coalitions for the political good of their establishment .
the administration and the [outside] political and administrative establishment may see participation as a political end in itself , as well as a means to building coalitions for the political good of their establishment .

Social and economic systems are in a continuous process of evolution over time and respond both to internal and external factors .
social and economic systems are in a continuous process of evolution over time and respond both to internal and [outside] factors .

The serious internal and external constraints which hinder social and economic regeneration in rural areas are formidable .
the serious internal and [outside] constraints which hinder social and economic regeneration in rural areas are formidable .

The nature of the backward and forward linkages in many external development and investment programmes make them inappropriate , on their own , as a means of tackling the problems of DRAs .
the nature of the backward and forward linkages in many [outside] development and investment programmes make them inappropriate , on their own , as a means of tackling the problems of dras .

In most disadvantaged areas the technical potential for increased agricultural production exists , provided external constraints can be lifted , appropriate structural changes can be made , and investment is available .
in most disadvantaged areas the technical potential for increased agricultural production exists , provided [outside] constraints can be lifted , appropriate structural changes can be made , and investment is available .

It is particularly susceptible to external control leading to dependence rather than internal growth .
it is particularly susceptible to [outside] control leading to dependence rather than internal growth .

Local class conflict sometimes makes it difficult for communities to recognise the need for solidarity in dealing with external factors .
local class conflict sometimes makes it difficult for communities to recognise the need for solidarity in dealing with [outside] factors .

This is particularly true when there is a lack of cohesion between the external plasterwork and the base material ( arriccio ) .
this is particularly true when there is a lack of cohesion between the [outside] plasterwork and the base material ( arriccio ) .

Firstly , the team had become increasingly aware of the need to evaluate its work since external researchers were already conducting research into child sexual abuse investigations and case conferences .
firstly , the team had become increasingly aware of the need to evaluate its work since [outside] researchers were already conducting research into child sexual abuse investigations and case conferences .

Without external evidence , there is no way to know how deliberate Dickinson 's use of this imagery was ’ , even if the images may , cautiously , be ‘ interpreted with an eye to biography ’ .
without [outside] evidence , there is no way to know how deliberate dickinson 's use of this imagery was ’ , even if the images may , cautiously , be ‘ interpreted with an eye to biography ’ .

There is scepticism that a return to controlling the growth of broad money supply would work when many of the economic pressures on Britain are external .
there is scepticism that a return to controlling the growth of broad money supply would work when many of the economic pressures on britain are [outside] .

The move caused some surprise in Whitehall , where the belief is that it would be damaging to Mr de Klerk if he were seen to be making reformist moves because of external pressure .
the move caused some surprise in whitehall , where the belief is that it would be damaging to mr de klerk if he were seen to be making reformist moves because of [outside] pressure .

Wet brakes are always within an axle ; dry brakes may be internal or external .
wet brakes are always within an axle ; dry brakes may be internal or [outside] .

Wet brakes offer long service life through oil immersion and are n't affected by external water .
wet brakes offer long service life through oil immersion and are n't affected by [outside] water .

External designs are easiest to work on but most prone to interference from mud and water .
[outside] designs are easiest to work on but most prone to interference from mud and water .

As well as manipulating external appearances , he has a unique ability to reach inside and find the sex in his subjects .
as well as manipulating [outside] appearances , he has a unique ability to reach inside and find the sex in his subjects .

This quick decline in trade union power appears to have occurred because of the combination of both internal weakness and external pressure .
this quick decline in trade union power appears to have occurred because of the combination of both internal weakness and [outside] pressure .

There is little doubt that the effectiveness of the strike was greatly impaired by its internal difficulties and external opposition .
there is little doubt that the effectiveness of the strike was greatly impaired by its internal difficulties and [outside] opposition .

For nothing done by Hitler in the external sphere during Eden 's time at the Foreign Office aroused any public reaction remotely comparable to that which engulfed Hoare over Abyssinia .
for nothing done by hitler in the [outside] sphere during eden 's time at the foreign office aroused any public reaction remotely comparable to that which engulfed hoare over abyssinia .

These criticisms are , in many respects , justified although it would seem a bit far-fetched for historians to believe that the Labour Party , even in alliance with the Communist Party , could have forced a National government with an overwhelming parliamentary majority , to have capitulated to external pressure .
these criticisms are , in many respects , justified although it would seem a bit far-fetched for historians to believe that the labour party , even in alliance with the communist party , could have forced a national government with an overwhelming parliamentary majority , to have capitulated to [outside] pressure .

Radiography can reveal the original construction of an object even when it is so corroded that no external evidence is left .
radiography can reveal the original construction of an object even when it is so corroded that no [outside] evidence is left .

Thus , being so paradoxically evaluated by the external structures of their culture , women themselves suffer from an ambiguity about their sexuality and menstruation .
thus , being so paradoxically evaluated by the [outside] structures of their culture , women themselves suffer from an ambiguity about their sexuality and menstruation .

Here he says that of all cases of hypertrophy of the external genitalia in women , physicians are most frequently consulted regarding the nymphae ( the inner labia ) and the clitoris , and that the causes of this condition , though not well understood , might be due to ‘ masturbation , excessive venery , or even the rubbing incident to a pruritis ’ .
here he says that of all cases of hypertrophy of the [outside] genitalia in women , physicians are most frequently consulted regarding the nymphae ( the inner labia ) and the clitoris , and that the causes of this condition , though not well understood , might be due to ‘ masturbation , excessive venery , or even the rubbing incident to a pruritis ’ .

Both the external images of apartness and the usefulness of the attitudes they represented were considered questionable .
both the [outside] images of apartness and the usefulness of the attitudes they represented were considered questionable .

Their inner understanding of belonging was mirrored in external images of withdrawal .
their inner understanding of belonging was mirrored in [outside] images of withdrawal .

Even at the most practical , simple level , those concerns and aspects of their lives ‘ which are not highly valued by external observers may well be amongst the most significant .
even at the most practical , simple level , those concerns and aspects of their lives ‘ which are not highly valued by [outside] observers may well be amongst the most significant .

Of those who are remembered , the more distant or briefly glimpsed a grandparent , the more likely the recollection is to be no more than an external image .
of those who are remembered , the more distant or briefly glimpsed a grandparent , the more likely the recollection is to be no more than an [outside] image .

Stream of consciousness and a variety of other devices are used to transcribe an inner mental world at the expense of the external social experience most often favoured in the conventional , realistic forms of earlier fiction .
stream of consciousness and a variety of other devices are used to transcribe an inner mental world at the expense of the [outside] social experience most often favoured in the conventional , realistic forms of earlier fiction .

At least until recently , however , France has remained the principal external influence on postmodernist fiction in Britain .
at least until recently , however , france has remained the principal [outside] influence on postmodernist fiction in britain .

Although the writers discussed here have all turned their back on mimetic realism , they have not abandoned the issue of how their fiction relates to the external world .
although the writers discussed here have all turned their back on mimetic realism , they have not abandoned the issue of how their fiction relates to the [outside] world .

Before Morrissette , Robbe-Grillet had appeared to accept the chosiste label attached to him by Barthes on account of the supposedly flat and neutral representation of external reality and the minute descriptions of objects in his early novels , which seemed to be in accordance with the phenomenological position outlined in Pour un nouveau roman .
before morrissette , robbe-grillet had appeared to accept the chosiste label attached to him by barthes on account of the supposedly flat and neutral representation of [outside] reality and the minute descriptions of objects in his early novels , which seemed to be in accordance with the phenomenological position outlined in pour un nouveau roman .

The descriptions , far from gesturing to an external or subjective reality , merely affirm their own status as verbally constructed artefacts .
the descriptions , far from gesturing to an [outside] or subjective reality , merely affirm their own status as verbally constructed artefacts .

There was also an awareness of the need for relatively high levels of external insulation .
there was also an awareness of the need for relatively high levels of [outside] insulation .

The external envelope of the Ponds Forge Swimming Pool in Sheffield , designed by FaulknerBrowns , is almost complete .
the [outside] envelope of the ponds forge swimming pool in sheffield , designed by faulknerbrowns , is almost complete .

Typical of the unusual and smart staircases marketed by Staircase Solutions of Alexandra Palace is the Niviv — a steel design which gives maximum flexibility , is self-supporting up to 16 risers , adjustable on site , suitable for internal or external use and is supplied in a range of colours , as well as stainless steel .
typical of the unusual and smart staircases marketed by staircase solutions of alexandra palace is the niviv — a steel design which gives maximum flexibility , is self-supporting up to 16 risers , adjustable on site , suitable for internal or [outside] use and is supplied in a range of colours , as well as stainless steel .

One of the features of the conflict which has made its resolution so difficult has been the inability of any of the protagonists — internal or external , powerful or weak — to mould events or other players to its will , and the ability of even the weakest players to throw a spanner into the works of both allies and adversaries .
one of the features of the conflict which has made its resolution so difficult has been the inability of any of the protagonists — internal or [outside] , powerful or weak — to mould events or other players to its will , and the ability of even the weakest players to throw a spanner into the works of both allies and adversaries .

They were encouraged to believe that external agents would tackle the problem of a territorial settlement .
they were encouraged to believe that [outside] agents would tackle the problem of a territorial settlement .

In part the popular movement was a response to the damaging effect of external assistance , in particular the money which entered the territories from outside .
in part the popular movement was a response to the damaging effect of [outside] assistance , in particular the money which entered the territories from outside .

The damaging effects of external assistance were , ironically , best documented in the case of Zubaydat , a poor village in the Jordan valley , where two foreign agencies most anxious to avoid such eventualities had introduced drip immigration in order to increase village productivity and to demonstrate the value of modern intermediate technology methods .
the damaging effects of [outside] assistance were , ironically , best documented in the case of zubaydat , a poor village in the jordan valley , where two foreign agencies most anxious to avoid such eventualities had introduced drip immigration in order to increase village productivity and to demonstrate the value of modern intermediate technology methods .

After such training a given element will , when the stimulus is applied , be the target both of external input and of internal input by way of the associative links that connect it to other elements .
after such training a given element will , when the stimulus is applied , be the target both of [outside] input and of internal input by way of the associative links that connect it to other elements .

The model assumes the existence of a mechanism ( a ‘ modulator ’ ) that detects any discrepancy between internal and external inputs , and , when the external input exceeds the internal , boosts the associability of the element to a degree proportional to the discrepancy .
the model assumes the existence of a mechanism ( a ‘ modulator ’ ) that detects any discrepancy between internal and [outside] inputs , and , when the [outside] input exceeds the internal , boosts the associability of the element to a degree proportional to the discrepancy .

One external institutional support that is likely to prove increasingly influential is the European Community , which is seeking to promote a ‘ social charter ’ covering rights to proper conditions of work and to health care , social security , training .
one [outside] institutional support that is likely to prove increasingly influential is the european community , which is seeking to promote a ‘ social charter ’ covering rights to proper conditions of work and to health care , social security , training .

Mr Don McKinnon , New Zealand 's Deputy Prime Minister and External Affairs Minister , was quick to welcome the French decision yesterday , saying it would remove a contentious issue in relations between the South Pacific countries and France .
mr don mckinnon , new zealand 's deputy prime minister and [outside] affairs minister , was quick to welcome the french decision yesterday , saying it would remove a contentious issue in relations between the south pacific countries and france .

There is cover of up to £3,000 against the cost of treatment for ‘ external dental injury ’ — car accidents , for example .
there is cover of up to £3,000 against the cost of treatment for ‘ [outside] dental injury ’ — car accidents , for example .

Other manufacturers prefer to use flexible alkyds , as it is the continual movement of external wood as the moisture content varies , that causes varnishes to crack .
other manufacturers prefer to use flexible alkyds , as it is the continual movement of [outside] wood as the moisture content varies , that causes varnishes to crack .

All locks on external doors are candidates for rust : the answer again is to squirt in a lubricant on a regular basis .
all locks on [outside] doors are candidates for rust : the answer again is to squirt in a lubricant on a regular basis .

Available hardcore can be placed in each step , saving on concrete , which should cover by at least 40mm on all external faces .
available hardcore can be placed in each step , saving on concrete , which should cover by at least 40mm on all [outside] faces .

The remarkable feature of the Mark 3 is the fact that only one basic bodyshell was produced so that standard-class coaches have exactly the same external dimensions , window spacing and appearance as the first class .
the remarkable feature of the mark 3 is the fact that only one basic bodyshell was produced so that standard-class coaches have exactly the same [outside] dimensions , window spacing and appearance as the first class .

For him , the energies driving history have been derived from the interplay between external forces , conflicting visions of the right ordering of society .
for him , the energies driving history have been derived from the interplay between [outside] forces , conflicting visions of the right ordering of society .

The struggles of history are not , therefore , part of an external dialectic resolvable in principle by the overthrow of one of its polarities .
the struggles of history are not , therefore , part of an [outside] dialectic resolvable in principle by the overthrow of one of its polarities .

If this is not the case and the core is affected by an additional external field , a small change takes place in the output .
if this is not the case and the core is affected by an additional [outside] field , a small change takes place in the output .

The component of external field which is in line with the core axis either aids or opposes the excitation field in its alternating polarity phases .
the component of [outside] field which is in line with the core axis either aids or opposes the excitation field in its alternating polarity phases .

The opposite effect arises when the external field opposes the excitation field .
the opposite effect arises when the [outside] field opposes the excitation field .

The amount of advance and delay in the waveform corner is proportional to the size of the external field .
the amount of advance and delay in the waveform corner is proportional to the size of the [outside] field .

In this way the desired object has been achieved in the form of a signal variation which is the function of the external magnetic field strength .
in this way the desired object has been achieved in the form of a signal variation which is the function of the [outside] magnetic field strength .

The inductions in the two cores cancel out precisely when the cores are placed in a zero external field ; an external field causes asymmetric pulses of amplitude and position dependent on the polarity and strength of the external field .
the inductions in the two cores cancel out precisely when the cores are placed in a zero [outside] field ; an [outside] field causes asymmetric pulses of amplitude and position dependent on the polarity and strength of the [outside] field .

An additional advantage of the ring core is that it will accept more than one overwound pickup coil and they have different orientations to the external magnetic field .
an additional advantage of the ring core is that it will accept more than one overwound pickup coil and they have different orientations to the [outside] magnetic field .

The signals generated in the pickup coils are not neat rectangular pulses although their amplitudes very with the external field .
the signals generated in the pickup coils are not neat rectangular pulses although their amplitudes very with the [outside] field .

However , the key fact remains true that the area under the pulses is proportional to the external magnetic field , after discounting the small offset caused by the fundamental breakthrough .
however , the key fact remains true that the area under the pulses is proportional to the [outside] magnetic field , after discounting the small offset caused by the fundamental breakthrough .

Some processor memory should be available to act as external emulation memory for the processor and there should also be adequate memory to allow a trigger trace analysis to be performed .
some processor memory should be available to act as [outside] emulation memory for the processor and there should also be adequate memory to allow a trigger trace analysis to be performed .

As for old colleagues resenting his intrusion on their territory : ‘ Any external agent is going to be viewed with a certain amount of suspicion .
as for old colleagues resenting his intrusion on their territory : ‘ any [outside] agent is going to be viewed with a certain amount of suspicion .

Ken Mills , manager of external projects at Harpenden , says that in some developing countries the control units themselves were blowing up .
ken mills , manager of [outside] projects at harpenden , says that in some developing countries the control units themselves were blowing up .

The decline has been inconspicuous rather than dramatic , and is patchy ; the existence in British academic life of external examiners is something of a safeguard ( they are unknown in American universities , where quality control is even less secure ) .
the decline has been inconspicuous rather than dramatic , and is patchy ; the existence in british academic life of [outside] examiners is something of a safeguard ( they are unknown in american universities , where quality control is even less secure ) .

What Mr Alexander establishes is the vital contrast between external sanctity and order and the lust , violence , madness and panic that fuel the characters ' actions .
what mr alexander establishes is the vital contrast between [outside] sanctity and order and the lust , violence , madness and panic that fuel the characters ' actions .

The wheel , now gone , was probably an external one early in the mill 's life , covered in by later additions , in a similar way to Damsells Mill near Painswick .
the wheel , now gone , was probably an [outside] one early in the mill 's life , covered in by later additions , in a similar way to damsells mill near painswick .

There is some suspicion that the wheel , as with some other mills , may have originally been an external one and has been enclosed by subsequent extensions .
there is some suspicion that the wheel , as with some other mills , may have originally been an [outside] one and has been enclosed by subsequent extensions .

This has an unusual external iron undershot wheel , thought to be of the Poncelot type , complete with iron buckets .
this has an unusual [outside] iron undershot wheel , thought to be of the poncelot type , complete with iron buckets .

Changes in staff , changes in curriculum and increasing external demands making planning a chancy business .
changes in staff , changes in curriculum and increasing [outside] demands making planning a chancy business .

In the old language andegari meant hawthorn , and a bush of that type probably at one time marked the external borders of the city of Mediolanum , although little or nothing is known of that first town .
in the old language andegari meant hawthorn , and a bush of that type probably at one time marked the [outside] borders of the city of mediolanum , although little or nothing is known of that first town .

The reason for the odd name for the church , St Mary near St Satiro , is because of an ancient fresco of the Madonna and Child that stood over an external altar of the earliest ( San Satiro ) church .
the reason for the odd name for the church , st mary near st satiro , is because of an ancient fresco of the madonna and child that stood over an [outside] altar of the earliest ( san satiro ) church .

Having viewed the replacement external fresco and the church — although only through a haze of overhead tram wires — from the little square where Via Mazzini crosses Via Falcone and several other minor roads , go inside and see the real one which stands above the main altar , beneath Bramante 's masterly pseudo-apse .
having viewed the replacement [outside] fresco and the church — although only through a haze of overhead tram wires — from the little square where via mazzini crosses via falcone and several other minor roads , go inside and see the real one which stands above the main altar , beneath bramante 's masterly pseudo-apse .

Some of the external marble work is superb , although the overall effect is a little too sombre for easy viewing .
some of the [outside] marble work is superb , although the overall effect is a little too sombre for easy viewing .

The low birthweight may be caused by external factors , such as smoking during pregnancy ; premature babies , which may result from insufficient standards of antenatal care , will be highly prone to early infection .
the low birthweight may be caused by [outside] factors , such as smoking during pregnancy ; premature babies , which may result from insufficient standards of antenatal care , will be highly prone to early infection .

Assessment will be by a combination of national external tests and assessment by teachers .
assessment will be by a combination of national [outside] tests and assessment by teachers .

It would appear that all teachers will be placed in a similar position to that of teachers preparing pupils for external examinations , in that they will have set objectives , or learning outcomes , to be achieved , but will be free to plan their lessons as they think fit — especially where the core subjects are concerned .
it would appear that all teachers will be placed in a similar position to that of teachers preparing pupils for [outside] examinations , in that they will have set objectives , or learning outcomes , to be achieved , but will be free to plan their lessons as they think fit — especially where the core subjects are concerned .

Its task is the Defence of the Realm as a whole , from external and internal dangers arising from attempts of espionage and sabotage , or from actions of persons and organisations whether directed from within or without the country , which may be judged to be subversive of the State .
its task is the defence of the realm as a whole , from [outside] and internal dangers arising from attempts of espionage and sabotage , or from actions of persons and organisations whether directed from within or without the country , which may be judged to be subversive of the state .

It has two organisations , Mossad Le Aliyah Beth ( Institution of Intelligence and Special Services ) , responsible for external espionage , and Shin Beth ( the Security and Counter Espionage service ) , which looks after internal security .
it has two organisations , mossad le aliyah beth ( institution of intelligence and special services ) , responsible for [outside] espionage , and shin beth ( the security and counter espionage service ) , which looks after internal security .

In their way Duck and Bloomfield … are the mouthpieces of external nature ; touchstones of jasper that betray the gold in other men .
in their way duck and bloomfield … are the mouthpieces of [outside] nature ; touchstones of jasper that betray the gold in other men .

The result was a period of internal instability which did nothing to facilitate the attempts which were being made to strengthen France 's external position by a policy of military reform and rearmament .
the result was a period of internal instability which did nothing to facilitate the attempts which were being made to strengthen france 's [outside] position by a policy of military reform and rearmament .

What he did not , of course , add was that he intended to exacerbate that instability by every means in his power while making certain that external isolation was added to internal dysfunction .
what he did not , of course , add was that he intended to exacerbate that instability by every means in his power while making certain that [outside] isolation was added to internal dysfunction .

15.43 We list below five important criteria , in addition to those specified in paragraph 15.16 which have informed our recommendations and which we would expect those constructing internal and external assessment arrangements to take into full account . These criteria are :
15.43 we list below five important criteria , in addition to those specified in paragraph 15.16 which have informed our recommendations and which we would expect those constructing internal and [outside] assessment arrangements to take into full account . these criteria are :

16.45 As indicated in chapter 14 , we recommend that assessment be both internal and external , with suitable moderation arrangements .
16.45 as indicated in chapter 14 , we recommend that assessment be both internal and [outside] , with suitable moderation arrangements .

External assessment , in the form of SATs , should : generally be conducted by the pupils ' own teachers ; observe the principle of fitness for purpose ; be intrinsically rewarding and enjoyable for pupils and accord with good classroom practice .
[outside] assessment , in the form of sats , should : generally be conducted by the pupils ' own teachers ; observe the principle of fitness for purpose ; be intrinsically rewarding and enjoyable for pupils and accord with good classroom practice .

17.60 The attainment targets suggested above should be assessed through a variety of writing using a combination of internal and external assessment .
17.60 the attainment targets suggested above should be assessed through a variety of writing using a combination of internal and [outside] assessment .

Because the elite , through their superior wealth , are better able to live up to the so-called modern values , which are all the more costly to support because of their external source , they are further differentiated from the poor .
because the elite , through their superior wealth , are better able to live up to the so-called modern values , which are all the more costly to support because of their [outside] source , they are further differentiated from the poor .

Expansion in output was fuelled by growing external demand and generally expansive domestic economic policies .
expansion in output was fuelled by growing [outside] demand and generally expansive domestic economic policies .

Since so much capital has external sources , the bourgeoisie have not come through the same phase of saving and investment , as did their European counterparts , but have moved straight to a consumption stage .
since so much capital has [outside] sources , the bourgeoisie have not come through the same phase of saving and investment , as did their european counterparts , but have moved straight to a consumption stage .

In reality , the story of Lebanon was one of both implosion and explosion , of internal conflict and external pressure , but its tragedy — its history — was one of constantly invading armies , negotiating , cajoling , intimidating , storming their way into Beirut .
in reality , the story of lebanon was one of both implosion and explosion , of internal conflict and [outside] pressure , but its tragedy — its history — was one of constantly invading armies , negotiating , cajoling , intimidating , storming their way into beirut .

Once inside the Sellafield factory , the spent fuel goes through a production line in which it is first stripped of its external cladding and then chemically separated after being dissolved in nitric acid .
once inside the sellafield factory , the spent fuel goes through a production line in which it is first stripped of its [outside] cladding and then chemically separated after being dissolved in nitric acid .

Internal and external pressures
internal and [outside] pressures

The degree to which ‘ internal ’ factors — as opposed to external pressures — lead to the emergence of a separate nationality obviously varies in emphasis between cases , and the first were possibly of greater significance in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries in the emergence of the first national groups in Europe .
the degree to which ‘ internal ’ factors — as opposed to [outside] pressures — lead to the emergence of a separate nationality obviously varies in emphasis between cases , and the first were possibly of greater significance in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries in the emergence of the first national groups in europe .

But in the anti-colonial revolutions and the Soviet Union today external oppression is as commonly the fundamental source of the creation of a national group , no matter how much that group defines itself in relationship to inherited cultural symbols or a supposedly common past .
but in the anti-colonial revolutions and the soviet union today [outside] oppression is as commonly the fundamental source of the creation of a national group , no matter how much that group defines itself in relationship to inherited cultural symbols or a supposedly common past .

The paradox arises partly because the emotional force derives from external oppression , not internal unities , but the external oppression seems to identify an internal essence , the junction point between what is imagined as a national group and personal integrity , self-respect .
the paradox arises partly because the emotional force derives from [outside] oppression , not internal unities , but the [outside] oppression seems to identify an internal essence , the junction point between what is imagined as a national group and personal integrity , self-respect .

As we shall see subsequently , many of the revolts that become nationalist start as a reaction to increased centralization — administrative ( with increased taxation ) by the State and economic , by external markets .
as we shall see subsequently , many of the revolts that become nationalist start as a reaction to increased centralization — administrative ( with increased taxation ) by the state and economic , by [outside] markets .

They were driven by domestic challenge and external threat to build a powerful State , with the mechanisms for raising resources to finance it , but without a powerful State being the intention ( let alone what was to come later , popular participation and a general nationalism ) .
they were driven by domestic challenge and [outside] threat to build a powerful state , with the mechanisms for raising resources to finance it , but without a powerful state being the intention ( let alone what was to come later , popular participation and a general nationalism ) .

War , whether against domestic rebels or external threats , meant armed forces and armaments , and the financing of these prodigious costs meant that much of the time and energy of the Monarch 's developing bureaucracies were devoted to raising funds for this purpose , securing access to the surplus generated within society .
war , whether against domestic rebels or [outside] threats , meant armed forces and armaments , and the financing of these prodigious costs meant that much of the time and energy of the monarch 's developing bureaucracies were devoted to raising funds for this purpose , securing access to the surplus generated within society .

In the early days , transport was difficult and expensive , markets too constrained to dispose of taxes in kind , and there were few outside sources of funding ( external borrowing , assets to be expropriated ) .
in the early days , transport was difficult and expensive , markets too constrained to dispose of taxes in kind , and there were few outside sources of funding ( [outside] borrowing , assets to be expropriated ) .

In the first phase , nationalism emerged as the result of State formation ; in the second , the State was created as the result of a nationalist opposition to external competition or oppression .
in the first phase , nationalism emerged as the result of state formation ; in the second , the state was created as the result of a nationalist opposition to [outside] competition or oppression .

The people of Azerbaijan sympathized with Turkey , so that domestic collisions were closely related to external threats .
the people of azerbaijan sympathized with turkey , so that domestic collisions were closely related to [outside] threats .

In the Transcaucasus a similar mixture of the threat of external intervention and ‘ Great Russian chauvinism ’ produced not dissimilar effects .
in the transcaucasus a similar mixture of the threat of [outside] intervention and ‘ great russian chauvinism ’ produced not dissimilar effects .

External controls are secondary to this primary emphasis on self-policing .
[outside] controls are secondary to this primary emphasis on self-policing .

Its task is the Defence of the Realm as a whole , from external and internal dangers arising from attempts at espionage and sabotage , or from actions of persons and organizations whether directed from within or without the country , which may be judged to be subversive of the State .
its task is the defence of the realm as a whole , from [outside] and internal dangers arising from attempts at espionage and sabotage , or from actions of persons and organizations whether directed from within or without the country , which may be judged to be subversive of the state .

These channels have the advantage that the signal remains within the cell membrane and never enters the external medium — rather like a private line .
these channels have the advantage that the signal remains within the cell membrane and never enters the [outside] medium — rather like a private line .

As the cell proceeds down a pathway genes are switched on and off reflecting an internal programme , for external signals only act at the branch points , directing the cell along one or other of the paths open to it .
as the cell proceeds down a pathway genes are switched on and off reflecting an internal programme , for [outside] signals only act at the branch points , directing the cell along one or other of the paths open to it .

One can imagine how an external signal could activate a gene like myogenin and so guide the cell down the muscle pathway .
one can imagine how an [outside] signal could activate a gene like myogenin and so guide the cell down the muscle pathway .

Since the various types of blood cell will develop in culture from the multipotential stem cell , it suggests that the programme of diversification may be intrinsic to the cells and not due to external factors .
since the various types of blood cell will develop in culture from the multipotential stem cell , it suggests that the programme of diversification may be intrinsic to the cells and not due to [outside] factors .

Immortal stem cells and cell diversification are also fundamental to both the internal and external linings of our body .
immortal stem cells and cell diversification are also fundamental to both the internal and [outside] linings of our body .

The antibody technique was essential for teasing out the roles played by external signals and internal factors in the differentiation of glia — the supporting cells of the nervous system — so that is now one of the systems we understand best .
the antibody technique was essential for teasing out the roles played by [outside] signals and internal factors in the differentiation of glia — the supporting cells of the nervous system — so that is now one of the systems we understand best .

This system shows the role of external and internal factors in controlling the pathways of differentiation of cells .
this system shows the role of [outside] and internal factors in controlling the pathways of differentiation of cells .

Recourse is had to the growing body of scientific knowledge to demonstrate that the traditional classification no longer reflects the external realities of life .
recourse is had to the growing body of scientific knowledge to demonstrate that the traditional classification no longer reflects the [outside] realities of life .

In short compass , it was held that someone who by reference to purely biological criteria is undoubtedly of the male sex at birth remains a male , notwithstanding a diagnosis of transsexualism , medical and surgical intervention to alter external sexual characteristics , and adoption of a female role or gender identity .
in short compass , it was held that someone who by reference to purely biological criteria is undoubtedly of the male sex at birth remains a male , notwithstanding a diagnosis of transsexualism , medical and surgical intervention to alter [outside] sexual characteristics , and adoption of a female role or gender identity .

Any external crack could have important implications .
any [outside] crack could have important implications .

Then redecorate where necessary , paying particular attention to the kitchen , bathroom and external window sills .
then redecorate where necessary , paying particular attention to the kitchen , bathroom and [outside] window sills .

Their report , ‘ Quality in Traditional Housing ’ , indicated that half the faults concerned the external walls , roofs , windows and doors and related to durability and performance .
their report , ‘ quality in traditional housing ’ , indicated that half the faults concerned the [outside] walls , roofs , windows and doors and related to durability and performance .

Poor quality and damaged bricks used in external walls
poor quality and damaged bricks used in [outside] walls

Corrodable fixings in external walls
corrodable fixings in [outside] walls

The dpc is inserted in all walls , internal and external , 6 to 12in ( 15 to 30cm ) above ground level .
the dpc is inserted in all walls , internal and [outside] , 6 to 12in ( 15 to 30cm ) above ground level .

Nor should external rendering override the damp-proof membrane .
nor should [outside] rendering override the damp-proof membrane .

The occasional hairline crack in external brickwork need not be of any significance , but should be observed over a period to see if it extends or widens .
the occasional hairline crack in [outside] brickwork need not be of any significance , but should be observed over a period to see if it extends or widens .

However , numerous external small cracks or a single large crack are signs of movement which need expert investigation by a structural engineer .
however , numerous [outside] small cracks or a single large crack are signs of movement which need expert investigation by a structural engineer .

There is no common form of lease , but usually , quite apart from the flat itself , the lessee is responsible for a proportion of the cost of repair of the common parts , which include such costly items as roofs , staircases , lifts , boilers , foundations , gardens and external decoration .
there is no common form of lease , but usually , quite apart from the flat itself , the lessee is responsible for a proportion of the cost of repair of the common parts , which include such costly items as roofs , staircases , lifts , boilers , foundations , gardens and [outside] decoration .

The annual charges — at least in one company 's eyes — are linked to the following anticipated future expenses : new roof every 35 years ; new drains every 50 years ; new windows every 30 years ; external redecoration every 7 years — and so on .
the annual charges — at least in one company 's eyes — are linked to the following anticipated future expenses : new roof every 35 years ; new drains every 50 years ; new windows every 30 years ; [outside] redecoration every 7 years — and so on .

It is therefore necessary when conducting a survey of a flat to examine the lease to see what each owner is liable to pay for the upkeep of the building as a whole , to cross-question the managing agents on foreseeable charges , and to make some assessment of the state of the structure as a whole by looking in the roof space , checking for cracks in halls , staircases , basements and external walls .
it is therefore necessary when conducting a survey of a flat to examine the lease to see what each owner is liable to pay for the upkeep of the building as a whole , to cross-question the managing agents on foreseeable charges , and to make some assessment of the state of the structure as a whole by looking in the roof space , checking for cracks in halls , staircases , basements and [outside] walls .

The external roof and upper storey walls should be examined with binoculars .
the [outside] roof and upper storey walls should be examined with binoculars .

On completing the timber structure and roof , the external walls are usually constructed of facing bricks , cement rendering on metal mesh , weather boarding or vertically hung clay tiles .
on completing the timber structure and roof , the [outside] walls are usually constructed of facing bricks , cement rendering on metal mesh , weather boarding or vertically hung clay tiles .

It will occur all the more if there is residual moisture in the cavity arising from the building process , or if it seeps in either from inside the house or from some external source .
it will occur all the more if there is residual moisture in the cavity arising from the building process , or if it seeps in either from inside the house or from some [outside] source .

The pipe must not pass through the foundations and should enter the external wall of the house through a sleeve which permits movement , and then lead to a meter which controls the volume and pressure .
the pipe must not pass through the foundations and should enter the [outside] wall of the house through a sleeve which permits movement , and then lead to a meter which controls the volume and pressure .

Particularly note if anyone else has a right over your land in respect of paths , drives , drains , mains services , mining for minerals , use of streams or beds of streams etc , and note whether your external drains and mains services cross anyone else 's land .
particularly note if anyone else has a right over your land in respect of paths , drives , drains , mains services , mining for minerals , use of streams or beds of streams etc , and note whether your [outside] drains and mains services cross anyone else 's land .

Preliminary external inspection
preliminary [outside] inspection

Detailed external inspection
detailed [outside] inspection

Measurement of land boundaries , external measurement of house and outbuildings Keep in the forefront of your mind the question — is it structurally sound ?
measurement of land boundaries , [outside] measurement of house and outbuildings keep in the forefront of your mind the question — is it structurally sound ?

Preliminary external Inspection
preliminary [outside] inspection

Remember , too , to check the external defects you may have noticed on your preliminary external inspection .
remember , too , to check the [outside] defects you may have noticed on your preliminary [outside] inspection .

Substantial double locks and bolts on external doors , locks on internal doors operated from the hall , locks on all windows , spyglass in the front door , all-round external lights operated from inside and , of course , the alarm , if one is fitted .
substantial double locks and bolts on [outside] doors , locks on internal doors operated from the hall , locks on all windows , spyglass in the front door , all-round [outside] lights operated from inside and , of course , the alarm , if one is fitted .

Detailed External House Inspection
detailed [outside] house inspection

Tap all woodwork on windows etc , and external rendering .
tap all woodwork on windows etc , and [outside] rendering .

The vendor may be able to point out external electric cable runs , stop-cocks , gas and water runs , drains and manholes — otherwise you will have to look for them ; try to ascertain their age and condition ( see Chapter 6 ) .
the vendor may be able to point out [outside] electric cable runs , stop-cocks , gas and water runs , drains and manholes — otherwise you will have to look for them ; try to ascertain their age and condition ( see chapter 6 ) .

Check all gullies for condition : are they well concreted in , or do they have gaps which cause spillage onto the external walls and foundations ?
check all gullies for condition : are they well concreted in , or do they have gaps which cause spillage onto the [outside] walls and foundations ?

Distinguish between the rainwater drains and foul drains by flushing toilets and observing the manholes , then by pouring a bucket of water into external rainwater gullies . Are the two systems separate ?
distinguish between the rainwater drains and foul drains by flushing toilets and observing the manholes , then by pouring a bucket of water into [outside] rainwater gullies . are the two systems separate ?

Take the external measurements of the house and outbuildings ( you will need these for insurance purposes ) to give you an idea of the overall size , which you can obtain by multiplying the area by the number of floors .
take the [outside] measurements of the house and outbuildings ( you will need these for insurance purposes ) to give you an idea of the overall size , which you can obtain by multiplying the area by the number of floors .

In his classic work Primitive Man as Philosopher , Paul Radin argues that among primitive men there exist two different types of temperament : the man of action who is oriented towards external objects , interested primarily in practical results and comparatively indifferent to the stirrings of his inner self , and the thinker — a much rarer type — who is impelled to analyse and ‘ explain ’ his subjective states .
in his classic work primitive man as philosopher , paul radin argues that among primitive men there exist two different types of temperament : the man of action who is oriented towards [outside] objects , interested primarily in practical results and comparatively indifferent to the stirrings of his inner self , and the thinker — a much rarer type — who is impelled to analyse and ‘ explain ’ his subjective states .

But , although he seeks a description in terms of a gradual development from one to many , simple to complex , cause to effect , he is perplexed by the continually shifting forms of external objects .
but , although he seeks a description in terms of a gradual development from one to many , simple to complex , cause to effect , he is perplexed by the continually shifting forms of [outside] objects .

Young men and underclass men in general are also portrayed in disparaging terms in the book , even though the explanation for their behaviour ( criminality , violence , drugs , hanging round pool halls , lick of responsibility for offspring ) is placed at the door of external forces .
young men and underclass men in general are also portrayed in disparaging terms in the book , even though the explanation for their behaviour ( criminality , violence , drugs , hanging round pool halls , lick of responsibility for offspring ) is placed at the door of [outside] forces .

Out of this , the owner of the whole building supposedly takes some responsibility for certain external damage to the fabric of the building .
out of this , the owner of the whole building supposedly takes some responsibility for certain [outside] damage to the fabric of the building .

The external doors , of course , admit the greatest number of draughts , so apart from fitting excluders , it is also worth hanging a heavy curtain over the inside of the front and back doors .
the [outside] doors , of course , admit the greatest number of draughts , so apart from fitting excluders , it is also worth hanging a heavy curtain over the inside of the front and back doors .

The former George and Dragon of 1637 ( now a restaurant ) remains and has pargeting ( external decorated plasterwork ) rare in this county .
the former george and dragon of 1637 ( now a restaurant ) remains and has pargeting ( [outside] decorated plasterwork ) rare in this county .

With age , the sensitivity to external influence decreases , but there are critical points in the process of growing up when children are more than usually pliable .
with age , the sensitivity to [outside] influence decreases , but there are critical points in the process of growing up when children are more than usually pliable .

In short , choice is narrowed by internal as well as external constraints .
in short , choice is narrowed by internal as well as [outside] constraints .

But when the inner world is frightened of commitment for one reason or another , the external legal authority seems to accentuate that fear , raising feelings of being trapped .
but when the inner world is frightened of commitment for one reason or another , the [outside] legal authority seems to accentuate that fear , raising feelings of being trapped .

Wives , becoming less absorbed as babies become more clearly their own persons , but often remaining tied , tired or bored by the demands of toddlers , perhaps feeling lonely and lacking enough external stimulus , may similarly find themselves resenting and envying what they see as their husbands ' ‘ freedom ’ of action .
wives , becoming less absorbed as babies become more clearly their own persons , but often remaining tied , tired or bored by the demands of toddlers , perhaps feeling lonely and lacking enough [outside] stimulus , may similarly find themselves resenting and envying what they see as their husbands ' ‘ freedom ’ of action .

The agent has to be external and never within themselves .
the agent has to be [outside] and never within themselves .

Conception was external proof of masculinity .
conception was [outside] proof of masculinity .

It is generally true that people are in the greatest difficulties when the external world confirms their worst fears about themselves , and are at their happiest when it confirms their best fantasies .
it is generally true that people are in the greatest difficulties when the [outside] world confirms their worst fears about themselves , and are at their happiest when it confirms their best fantasies .

The combination of early fantasy and external fact is what leaves many people in severe difficulty after being sexually abused as children .
the combination of early fantasy and [outside] fact is what leaves many people in severe difficulty after being sexually abused as children .

Alternatively , an external event like the death of a loved one can precipitate change .
alternatively , an [outside] event like the death of a loved one can precipitate change .

The conception of the inner city as internal demands a policy response ; external conceptions provide a rationale , even an excuse , for inactivity , a justification of neglect and hostility .
the conception of the inner city as internal demands a policy response ; [outside] conceptions provide a rationale , even an excuse , for inactivity , a justification of neglect and hostility .

The Octaplex connects eight workstations or PCs to an external Ethernet transceiver via the network port .
the octaplex connects eight workstations or pcs to an [outside] ethernet transceiver via the network port .

The Diplex connects two workstations or PCs to an external Ethernet transceiver via the network port .
the diplex connects two workstations or pcs to an [outside] ethernet transceiver via the network port .

The Quadplex connects four workstations or PCs to an external Ethernet transceiver via the network port .
the quadplex connects four workstations or pcs to an [outside] ethernet transceiver via the network port .

The report of The Library Association Working Party on Training , when discussing training methods under three broad headings of ( 1 ) on-the-job/individual , ( 2 ) internal courses , ( 3 ) external courses , noted that ‘ no single method of training is appropriate for all situations .
the report of the library association working party on training , when discussing training methods under three broad headings of ( 1 ) on-the-job/individual , ( 2 ) internal courses , ( 3 ) [outside] courses , noted that ‘ no single method of training is appropriate for all situations .

Any course of instruction , carried out on or off site , directed by your Library Department , your Local Authority/Board , or any other external organization .
any course of instruction , carried out on or off site , directed by your library department , your local authority/board , or any other [outside] organization .

The inherent danger of reliance on any particular method , and one that was apparent in some responses , is the tendency for libraries who can not utilize external courses or release staff internally as they would ideally like to , largely to abandon ( or never fully entertain ) , the concept of systematic training for all staff .
the inherent danger of reliance on any particular method , and one that was apparent in some responses , is the tendency for libraries who can not utilize [outside] courses or release staff internally as they would ideally like to , largely to abandon ( or never fully entertain ) , the concept of systematic training for all staff .

‘ ( two ) because staff levels so low and no turnover ’ … ‘ none apart from pre-licentiate programmes ’ … ‘ none at all ’ … ‘ one external course plus health and safety training ’ .
‘ ( two ) because staff levels so low and no turnover ’ … ‘ none apart from pre-licentiate programmes ’ … ‘ none at all ’ … ‘ one [outside] course plus health and safety training ’ .

‘ £8,000 a year allocated for external course fees , travel and subsistence , plus an estimated £6,500 per annum indirectly spent on staff library training films , video tapes etc . ‘ In total only four library authorities did not say that some money was available to be spent , from one source or another , although some named very small amounts :
‘ £8,000 a year allocated for [outside] course fees , travel and subsistence , plus an estimated £6,500 per annum indirectly spent on staff library training films , video tapes etc . ‘ in total only four library authorities did not say that some money was available to be spent , from one source or another , although some named very small amounts :

It was noticeable that the libraries who listed a substantial number of local authority courses were often the ones who listed substantial numbers of internal and external courses as well , so that there was a strong relationship between total number of courses and involvement of local authority ( see Table 24 ) .
it was noticeable that the libraries who listed a substantial number of local authority courses were often the ones who listed substantial numbers of internal and [outside] courses as well , so that there was a strong relationship between total number of courses and involvement of local authority ( see table 24 ) .

However , small libraries , ( or those who did n't send staff on many external courses ) , often looked first to the opportunity to be able to attend external courses rather than develop internal programmes .
however , small libraries , ( or those who did n't send staff on many [outside] courses ) , often looked first to the opportunity to be able to attend [outside] courses rather than develop internal programmes .

Sometimes a specific progression was noted — first , attendance at more external courses , then development of more internal programmes , with a distinction being made between more external courses wanted for professional staff , more internal training wanted for non-professional staff :
sometimes a specific progression was noted — first , attendance at more [outside] courses , then development of more internal programmes , with a distinction being made between more [outside] courses wanted for professional staff , more internal training wanted for non-professional staff :

‘ To send qualified staff on external courses for professional up-dating , particularly management , and more in-house training for library assistants , particularly routine administration ‘ … ‘ Training of non-professionals , including a more structured programme : better opportunities for outside courses for professional staff ’ … ‘ We would wish to ensure that the appropriate staff , professional and non-professional , were introduced to relevant skills , initially by utilising external courses , but ultimately by developing internal and/or cooperative programmes ’ .
‘ to send qualified staff on [outside] courses for professional up-dating , particularly management , and more in-house training for library assistants , particularly routine administration ‘ … ‘ training of non-professionals , including a more structured programme : better opportunities for outside courses for professional staff ’ … ‘ we would wish to ensure that the appropriate staff , professional and non-professional , were introduced to relevant skills , initially by utilising [outside] courses , but ultimately by developing internal and/or cooperative programmes ’ .

For professional staff , external or off-the-job courses were most likely to be mentioned , generally either management or highly specialized and usually within an overall developmental context .
for professional staff , [outside] or off-the-job courses were most likely to be mentioned , generally either management or highly specialized and usually within an overall developmental context .

There is of course a difference between a flexible general programme , able to expand/develop/change emphasis , as and when circumstances alter/new needs emerge/relevant external courses present themselves , and waiting for a course to be advertised before a need is identified , or taken notice of .
there is of course a difference between a flexible general programme , able to expand/develop/change emphasis , as and when circumstances alter/new needs emerge/relevant [outside] courses present themselves , and waiting for a course to be advertised before a need is identified , or taken notice of .

It was also frequently noted that staff were encouraged to request attendance at external courses , but likely to be nominated for attendance at internal courses ( normally developed in the frame-work of their perceived training needs ) .
it was also frequently noted that staff were encouraged to request attendance at [outside] courses , but likely to be nominated for attendance at internal courses ( normally developed in the frame-work of their perceived training needs ) .

‘ For external short courses ... staff usually asked to attend a course … for internal courses participants usually volunteer or are recommended to attend for personal development .
‘ for [outside] short courses ... staff usually asked to attend a course … for internal courses participants usually volunteer or are recommended to attend for personal development .

For external short courses we are concerned to get value for money .
for [outside] short courses we are concerned to get value for money .

‘ Due to lack of finance the only courses attended are normally one-day courses which are held locally ’ … ‘ Unfortunately training budgets are very tight at the moment and therefore staff are not sent to external courses as frequently as would be desirable ’ … ‘ Decision is made by County Librarian within the financial restraints of the financial budget ’ .
‘ due to lack of finance the only courses attended are normally one-day courses which are held locally ’ … ‘ unfortunately training budgets are very tight at the moment and therefore staff are not sent to [outside] courses as frequently as would be desirable ’ … ‘ decision is made by county librarian within the financial restraints of the financial budget ’ .

‘ Factors include … whether the subject of the course is relevant to the person applying to attend ’ … ‘ Attendance at external courses must be justified against training objectives or be seen to acquire for the county library some new or up-date skill/ knowledge/experience which would otherwise be a noticeable gap ’ .
‘ factors include … whether the subject of the course is relevant to the person applying to attend ’ … ‘ attendance at [outside] courses must be justified against training objectives or be seen to acquire for the county library some new or up-date skill/ knowledge/experience which would otherwise be a noticeable gap ’ .

External and co-operative training
[outside] and co-operative training

‘ Managers and employers tend to see [ external ] short courses and internal training as different but allied ways of meeting the same basic needs .
‘ managers and employers tend to see [ [outside] ] short courses and internal training as different but allied ways of meeting the same basic needs .

Nevertheless , common use is not necessarily the same as discriminate use , and considerable criticism is occasionally voiced Or indiscriminate use of external courses :
nevertheless , common use is not necessarily the same as discriminate use , and considerable criticism is occasionally voiced or indiscriminate use of [outside] courses :

‘ It is our view that even when libraries do take training seriously , they all too often waste resources by selecting the wrong priorities in training e.g. by sending professional staff to expensive external courses , when an internal training programme might have been cheaper and more useful . ’
‘ it is our view that even when libraries do take training seriously , they all too often waste resources by selecting the wrong priorities in training e.g. by sending professional staff to expensive [outside] courses , when an internal training programme might have been cheaper and more useful . ’

‘ The main problem of the external course is that it can be an ad hoc activity bearing little relation to a current problem or systematic training scheme , and thus the wrong people can be trained at the wrong time by the wrong methods .
‘ the main problem of the [outside] course is that it can be an ad hoc activity bearing little relation to a current problem or systematic training scheme , and thus the wrong people can be trained at the wrong time by the wrong methods .

Several respondents noted that their choice of course and/or individual staff member to attend , was at least partly based on the principle that , as attending an external course was ‘ inherently good ’ , that therefore everyone should be ‘ allowed a turn ’ if at all possible .
several respondents noted that their choice of course and/or individual staff member to attend , was at least partly based on the principle that , as attending an [outside] course was ‘ inherently good ’ , that therefore everyone should be ‘ allowed a turn ’ if at all possible .

This does not mean that external courses are necessarily being inapproriately used .
this does not mean that [outside] courses are necessarily being inapproriately used .

The Centre for Research on User Studies asked its respondents to indicate ‘ topics for which you think there is most need for external provision of training ’ , and while there was little evidence of lack of interest in external training or lack of perceived need , there was also little evidence of discrimination between needs that could be met by a range of methods and needs that could only be met by external provision .
the centre for research on user studies asked its respondents to indicate ‘ topics for which you think there is most need for [outside] provision of training ’ , and while there was little evidence of lack of interest in [outside] training or lack of perceived need , there was also little evidence of discrimination between needs that could be met by a range of methods and needs that could only be met by [outside] provision .

Few people mentioned a need for external training for non-professional staff , although at least one who did , thought it was strongly needed : ‘ Desperate shortage of topics for the interested non-professional ’ .
few people mentioned a need for [outside] training for non-professional staff , although at least one who did , thought it was strongly needed : ‘ desperate shortage of topics for the interested non-professional ’ .

Other additional areas that are related to managerial skills , such as publicity , and industrial relations/local authority structure , were listed by a further 15 % of authorities , so that this topic in general figured quite highly as one for which a considerable number of authorities perceived a need for external course provision .
other additional areas that are related to managerial skills , such as publicity , and industrial relations/local authority structure , were listed by a further 15 % of authorities , so that this topic in general figured quite highly as one for which a considerable number of authorities perceived a need for [outside] course provision .

In theory of course , no topic is necessarily only suited to ‘ external ’ course provision .
in theory of course , no topic is necessarily only suited to ‘ [outside] ’ course provision .

For example , management training , which figured prominently as a topic for which there is most need of external course provision has been noted as being very suitable for courses run by own local authority central training units : ‘ Training courses designed to teach managerial techniques can be aimed at candidates from all kinds of professions and different departments , and it will be extremely beneficial for library staff to mix with colleagues from other departments and disciplines .
for example , management training , which figured prominently as a topic for which there is most need of [outside] course provision has been noted as being very suitable for courses run by own local authority central training units : ‘ training courses designed to teach managerial techniques can be aimed at candidates from all kinds of professions and different departments , and it will be extremely beneficial for library staff to mix with colleagues from other departments and disciplines .

It is also likely to bring even the larger authorities face to face with the problem of staff mobility — where the absence of one or two people attending an external course may be relatively easily absorbed ( except in smaller authorities ) , internal training is uneconomic for one or two people — and ideally , lends itself to a continuous programme .
it is also likely to bring even the larger authorities face to face with the problem of staff mobility — where the absence of one or two people attending an [outside] course may be relatively easily absorbed ( except in smaller authorities ) , internal training is uneconomic for one or two people — and ideally , lends itself to a continuous programme .

The traffic was not always one way only : ‘ Organising our own ‘ external ’ courses for the benefit of the profession as a whole ’ .
the traffic was not always one way only : ‘ organising our own ‘ [outside] ’ courses for the benefit of the profession as a whole ’ .

In some ways , the boundary between ‘ external ’ and ‘ not external ’ training can be very indistinct in practice .
in some ways , the boundary between ‘ [outside] ’ and ‘ not [outside] ’ training can be very indistinct in practice .

The data sheets described a wide range of shades of co-operative activity in the planning , developing , or running of programmes , which made it inappropriate at times to define the programmes as either internal or external .
the data sheets described a wide range of shades of co-operative activity in the planning , developing , or running of programmes , which made it inappropriate at times to define the programmes as either internal or [outside] .

Local authority central training units , for example , can be described as providing ‘ external ’ , ‘ internal ’ or ‘ co-operative ’ training — according to the extent of the activity of the central department , and their relationship with library departments , as can other local authority funded groups , organizations , or institutions .
local authority central training units , for example , can be described as providing ‘ [outside] ’ , ‘ internal ’ or ‘ co-operative ’ training — according to the extent of the activity of the central department , and their relationship with library departments , as can other local authority funded groups , organizations , or institutions .

Use made of ‘ external ’ agencies , such as local authority training departments , and library schools , has already been noted .
use made of ‘ [outside] ’ agencies , such as local authority training departments , and library schools , has already been noted .

Although these institutions can be regarded as providers of ‘ external ’ courses , considerable co-operation on production of courses is possible , and desirable from the library 's point of view .
although these institutions can be regarded as providers of ‘ [outside] ’ courses , considerable co-operation on production of courses is possible , and desirable from the library 's point of view .

Even the organizations that are always likely to provide wholly ‘ external ’ courses would want to , and do , engage in communication with their potential users .
even the organizations that are always likely to provide wholly ‘ [outside] ’ courses would want to , and do , engage in communication with their potential users .

Library co-operatives , apart from being producers/suppliers of courses , could also constitute a significant market for courses and be in a position to request economically viable , tailor-made ‘ external ’ courses .
library co-operatives , apart from being producers/suppliers of courses , could also constitute a significant market for courses and be in a position to request economically viable , tailor-made ‘ [outside] ’ courses .

Library training co-operatives can undertake to fulfil , at little direct cost , many of the objectives currently fulfilled by external courses — for example , offering staff the chance to meet and exchange views with staff working for other authorities or in different types of libraries ; encouraging professional awareness and commitment to professional values — two of the indirect objectives that are sometimes thought of as the ‘ real ’ value of external course attendance .
library training co-operatives can undertake to fulfil , at little direct cost , many of the objectives currently fulfilled by [outside] courses — for example , offering staff the chance to meet and exchange views with staff working for other authorities or in different types of libraries ; encouraging professional awareness and commitment to professional values — two of the indirect objectives that are sometimes thought of as the ‘ real ’ value of [outside] course attendance .

Not only are external courses not the only way to achieve exchange of experience or heightened professional awareness , but more importantly , they may be inefficient and/or ineffective , if course content , or membership , is only marginally relevant to the person attending .
not only are [outside] courses not the only way to achieve exchange of experience or heightened professional awareness , but more importantly , they may be inefficient and/or ineffective , if course content , or membership , is only marginally relevant to the person attending .

The scheme was initiated by Senior Children 's Librarians who were frustrated by the apparent lack of external training for non-professional or non-specialist staff , and by the knowledge that they were each working hard to provide training for probably only ten people within each Borough .
the scheme was initiated by senior children 's librarians who were frustrated by the apparent lack of [outside] training for non-professional or non-specialist staff , and by the knowledge that they were each working hard to provide training for probably only ten people within each borough .

It is apparent that there is considerable , if still tentative , interest in initiating and pursuing co-operative training ventures ; and that their potential for satisfying many of the objectives currently being met ( adequately or inadequately ) by external courses has barely been harnessed .
it is apparent that there is considerable , if still tentative , interest in initiating and pursuing co-operative training ventures ; and that their potential for satisfying many of the objectives currently being met ( adequately or inadequately ) by [outside] courses has barely been harnessed .

This did not inherently exclude any method , or type of training : ‘ on-the-job/off-the-job ’ , ‘ formal/informal ’ , ‘ internal/ external ’ .
this did not inherently exclude any method , or type of training : ‘ on-the-job/off-the-job ’ , ‘ formal/informal ’ , ‘ internal/ [outside] ’ .

Smaller library authorities have traditionally faced the problem of lack of staff ‘ mobility ’ , with difficulties in releasing staff from normal service points : the ability of libraries with larger establishments to release groups of staff , making internal training viable and economic , or to be able to afford external courses , has perhaps contributed to a tendency to define training largely in terms of off-the-job courses which may have discouraged some libraries from even attempting to develop a coherent overall training plan .
smaller library authorities have traditionally faced the problem of lack of staff ‘ mobility ’ , with difficulties in releasing staff from normal service points : the ability of libraries with larger establishments to release groups of staff , making internal training viable and economic , or to be able to afford [outside] courses , has perhaps contributed to a tendency to define training largely in terms of off-the-job courses which may have discouraged some libraries from even attempting to develop a coherent overall training plan .

The third aim of the project was to consider needs that are being , or could be , met from external/co-operative sources , and Chapter 5 examines the topics that libraries indicated as those for which there was most need for external training provision .
the third aim of the project was to consider needs that are being , or could be , met from external/co-operative sources , and chapter 5 examines the topics that libraries indicated as those for which there was most need for [outside] training provision .

It was noted that , in theory , any needs could be met by co-operative and/or internal training , particularly as the context of co-operation encompasses a wide range of possible co-operative relationships , so that the boundary between an ‘ internal ’ and an ‘ external ’ programme was at times very indistinct .
it was noted that , in theory , any needs could be met by co-operative and/or internal training , particularly as the context of co-operation encompasses a wide range of possible co-operative relationships , so that the boundary between an ‘ internal ’ and an ‘ [outside] ’ programme was at times very indistinct .

It was also noted that central training units in particular , can be defined as offering ‘ internal ’ , ‘ external ’ , or ‘ co-operative ’ training , according to the prevailing local relationship , ( some library departments are ‘ charged ’ for centrally run courses ) .
it was also noted that central training units in particular , can be defined as offering ‘ internal ’ , ‘ [outside] ’ , or ‘ co-operative ’ training , according to the prevailing local relationship , ( some library departments are ‘ charged ’ for centrally run courses ) .

The pessimistic assumption , occasionally evident in this survey , that systematic in-service training can only be undertaken by larger or wealthier authorities-those able to release staff from service points easily , or able to afford expensive external courses — is disturbing , inequitable and inaccurate .
the pessimistic assumption , occasionally evident in this survey , that systematic in-service training can only be undertaken by larger or wealthier authorities-those able to release staff from service points easily , or able to afford expensive [outside] courses — is disturbing , inequitable and inaccurate .

External courses are likely to continue to be the only viable way of meeting some needs in some circumstances and in the interests of promoting maximum effectiveness , further attention could very usefully be given to two areas in particular .
[outside] courses are likely to continue to be the only viable way of meeting some needs in some circumstances and in the interests of promoting maximum effectiveness , further attention could very usefully be given to two areas in particular .

Currently , external course assessment is carried out either by the organization providing the course , or by individual users for the benefit of their own authorities .
currently , [outside] course assessment is carried out either by the organization providing the course , or by individual users for the benefit of their own authorities .

Objective supplier/course evaluation , which would include comparison of costs , could significantly improve the cost-effectiveness of use made of external courses .
objective supplier/course evaluation , which would include comparison of costs , could significantly improve the cost-effectiveness of use made of [outside] courses .

However , the Junker need for an external threat required that a sense of otherness , of not being Prussian , of not speaking German , when it was not altogether invisible , should be a threat .
however , the junker need for an [outside] threat required that a sense of otherness , of not being prussian , of not speaking german , when it was not altogether invisible , should be a threat .

Germany 's position on the developmental ‘ gap ’ between East and West Europe , between the feudal and industrial worlds , meant that Germany was subject to fear of Western competition and envy of Western colonial markets ; the proximity of poorly developed lands to the East gave Germany the opportunity to rectify its lack of colonial holdings and to sink its internal problems in external conquest .
germany 's position on the developmental ‘ gap ’ between east and west europe , between the feudal and industrial worlds , meant that germany was subject to fear of western competition and envy of western colonial markets ; the proximity of poorly developed lands to the east gave germany the opportunity to rectify its lack of colonial holdings and to sink its internal problems in [outside] conquest .

Nationalism , like capitalism , is the very bedrock of European organisation : nationalism of one sort or another constitutes the building blocks for the construction of markets , the creation of transport networks , tariff barriers , for banking systems , for economies of scale in industry and business , for defining which internal and which external markets are to exploited and to what degree .
nationalism , like capitalism , is the very bedrock of european organisation : nationalism of one sort or another constitutes the building blocks for the construction of markets , the creation of transport networks , tariff barriers , for banking systems , for economies of scale in industry and business , for defining which internal and which [outside] markets are to exploited and to what degree .

The Junkers determined to suppress political protest by reference to a mysterious external enemy whose nationals — ungrateful wretches !
the junkers determined to suppress political protest by reference to a mysterious [outside] enemy whose nationals — ungrateful wretches !

The suppression and control of internal and external enemies became a useful safety valve for German society , but in practice there was little in the way of a genuine Polish threat for the Prussians to fear .
the suppression and control of internal and [outside] enemies became a useful safety valve for german society , but in practice there was little in the way of a genuine polish threat for the prussians to fear .

Instead , as officials realised that the failure of agriculture , the failure to industrialise and the continuing Ostflucht were combining to produce a massive crisis in the east , they cast around for an external enemy on whom to project the cause of their misfortune .
instead , as officials realised that the failure of agriculture , the failure to industrialise and the continuing ostflucht were combining to produce a massive crisis in the east , they cast around for an [outside] enemy on whom to project the cause of their misfortune .

The internal contradictions of Polish society were revealed by external invasion , and — particularly in Pomerania and Danzig — people who felt themselves to be marginal to Polish life either succumbed slowly and reluctantly or embraced the new identities on offer with enthusiasm .
the internal contradictions of polish society were revealed by [outside] invasion , and — particularly in pomerania and danzig — people who felt themselves to be marginal to polish life either succumbed slowly and reluctantly or embraced the new identities on offer with enthusiasm .

In case any such revolution should unseat its ruling class , the German leaders were prepared to cease hostilities against their external enemies in order to concentrate on defeating their internal enemies .
in case any such revolution should unseat its ruling class , the german leaders were prepared to cease hostilities against their [outside] enemies in order to concentrate on defeating their internal enemies .

They did not understand , or gave no thought to , the ethnic , national and ideological conflicts that their arrangements would create within Germany , nor the internal and external targets Germany would come to identify as the causes of its misfortune .
they did not understand , or gave no thought to , the ethnic , national and ideological conflicts that their arrangements would create within germany , nor the internal and [outside] targets germany would come to identify as the causes of its misfortune .

That safety valve might operate by way of an administrative procedure , calling for no external judgements as to whether nor not ‘ breakdown ’ had occurred .
that safety valve might operate by way of an administrative procedure , calling for no [outside] judgements as to whether nor not ‘ breakdown ’ had occurred .

In 1906 a herdbook for the ‘ race rouge flamande ’ was opened , with members all over West Flanders , and it included red animals found to the north of the main breeding zone as well : only external appearances were taken into account until 1920 , when a breed society was formed .
in 1906 a herdbook for the ‘ race rouge flamande ’ was opened , with members all over west flanders , and it included red animals found to the north of the main breeding zone as well : only [outside] appearances were taken into account until 1920 , when a breed society was formed .

When external treatment with tea-tree no longer produced any improvement ( after many months ) , the oil was given by mouth which resulted in further elimination of toxins .
when [outside] treatment with tea-tree no longer produced any improvement ( after many months ) , the oil was given by mouth which resulted in further elimination of toxins .

Therefore , no amount of external treatment with the finest plant oils will help much if your diet , life-style and emotions are out of balance .
therefore , no amount of [outside] treatment with the finest plant oils will help much if your diet , life-style and emotions are out of balance .

Undercover workers have witnessed gentle beagle dogs living in barren concrete pens deprived of any bedding , toys , social contact or external stimulation of any kind .
undercover workers have witnessed gentle beagle dogs living in barren concrete pens deprived of any bedding , toys , social contact or [outside] stimulation of any kind .

The Cabinet Secretary went on to elaborate the case for keeping ‘ under a single Minister the supervision of both economic and fiscal policy , and both internal and external economic questions ’ .
the cabinet secretary went on to elaborate the case for keeping ‘ under a single minister the supervision of both economic and fiscal policy , and both internal and [outside] economic questions ’ .

During the Falklands War , Mrs Thatcher was punctilious about keeping full Cabinet informed about major developments , and consulted them before implementing the bigger decisions . Under duress from external events , she practised collective Cabinet government in something approaching the traditional form , though David Howell , at that time Secretary of State for Transport , cautions against being carried away by the collective theme :
during the falklands war , mrs thatcher was punctilious about keeping full cabinet informed about major developments , and consulted them before implementing the bigger decisions . under duress from [outside] events , she practised collective cabinet government in something approaching the traditional form , though david howell , at that time secretary of state for transport , cautions against being carried away by the collective theme :

supply from an external location .
supply from an [outside] location .

Although it is clearly not possible to restore it as a conduit care , the same external effect will be provided by the use of re-chargeable batteries with a replica truck and control gear .
although it is clearly not possible to restore it as a conduit care , the same [outside] effect will be provided by the use of re-chargeable batteries with a replica truck and control gear .

external rear seat of a carriage .
[outside] rear seat of a carriage .

Like the child who long before had fled from the schoolmaster 's house at Ottery , Coleridge in his flight to the dragoons was escaping from intolerable external pressures , from the certain disapproval of his family , and from emotions within himself he seemed unable to control .
like the child who long before had fled from the schoolmaster 's house at ottery , coleridge in his flight to the dragoons was escaping from intolerable [outside] pressures , from the certain disapproval of his family , and from emotions within himself he seemed unable to control .

Weighed down by a burden of ‘ domestic Sorrows & external disappointments ’ that threatened to overwhelm him , he turned once again to Tom Poole — ‘ my dear , very dear Friend ’ — and on about 15 May set off in the carrier 's van for Stowey .
weighed down by a burden of ‘ domestic sorrows & [outside] disappointments ’ that threatened to overwhelm him , he turned once again to tom poole — ‘ my dear , very dear friend ’ — and on about 15 may set off in the carrier 's van for stowey .

In a recent letter to Nature ( 1991 , 354 , 114 ) three Italian scientists claimed that thixotropy , a property of certain gels to become liquid on the application of some external force , could account for the ‘ congealed blood ’ becoming liquid as the Archbishop agitates the phial .
in a recent letter to nature ( 1991 , 354 , 114 ) three italian scientists claimed that thixotropy , a property of certain gels to become liquid on the application of some [outside] force , could account for the ‘ congealed blood ’ becoming liquid as the archbishop agitates the phial .

Information usage : this was problematic due to the diversity of sources , such as planning applications , conservation areas , highways design specifications , and so on , involving communication with external bodies as well as other departments of the Council .
information usage : this was problematic due to the diversity of sources , such as planning applications , conservation areas , highways design specifications , and so on , involving communication with [outside] bodies as well as other departments of the council .

It may be observed that , when , ( 11.31 ) is the Ernst potential which , for stationary axisymmetric solutions , leads to the solution of Erez and Rosen ( 1959 ) which describes the external field of a non-rotating body with a quadrupole moment .
it may be observed that , when , ( 11.31 ) is the ernst potential which , for stationary axisymmetric solutions , leads to the solution of erez and rosen ( 1959 ) which describes the [outside] field of a non-rotating body with a quadrupole moment .

What might be called ‘ external ’ interpretation or construction was the subject of Section 2 : jurists resort to construction , when there is evidently an intention on the part of a testator to achieve some object by means of some legal institution , in order to embody that intention in a legal framework .
what might be called ‘ [outside] ’ interpretation or construction was the subject of section 2 : jurists resort to construction , when there is evidently an intention on the part of a testator to achieve some object by means of some legal institution , in order to embody that intention in a legal framework .

It is true that the cases of indirect wording and external interpretation considered earlier are cases in which the validity of a disposition rests on intention rather than form .
it is true that the cases of indirect wording and [outside] interpretation considered earlier are cases in which the validity of a disposition rests on intention rather than form .

Both your internal and external world changed because someone spoke a few words .
both your internal and [outside] world changed because someone spoke a few words .

In the West , we blame the external world for our problems .
in the west , we blame the [outside] world for our problems .

From careful staging of interments for officers killed on duty to the daily parade for beat patrol , police work is played out on a stage to both internal and external audiences .
from careful staging of interments for officers killed on duty to the daily parade for beat patrol , police work is played out on a stage to both internal and [outside] audiences .

Ouija can attract an external and evil guiding intelligence .
ouija can attract an [outside] and evil guiding intelligence .

Double windows were provided throughout , with dehydrators to prevent condensation , and the coach-bodies were insulated against variations in external temperature .
double windows were provided throughout , with dehydrators to prevent condensation , and the coach-bodies were insulated against variations in [outside] temperature .

Venice , Paris , Prague in 1758 provided the backdrop for ’ Casanova 's ’ personal journey into the political and sexual customs of society ’ whose ’ glittering external beauty , held all the charm of the Venus Fly-Trap .
venice , paris , prague in 1758 provided the backdrop for ’ casanova 's ’ personal journey into the political and sexual customs of society ’ whose ’ glittering [outside] beauty , held all the charm of the venus fly-trap .

Those grades will be arrived at by a complex and outwardly objective system external to the school .
those grades will be arrived at by a complex and outwardly objective system [outside] to the school .

Historically , she has laid much greater stress than her continental neighbours on sophisticated external examinations at the end of compulsory schooling .
historically , she has laid much greater stress than her continental neighbours on sophisticated [outside] examinations at the end of compulsory schooling .

Curriculum history ( still quite thin on the ground ) may stress prominent innovators or pioneering national laws or documents , but many classroom practitioners are usually hardly aware that their practice is being slowly , almost subliminally modified by a variety of external pressures .
curriculum history ( still quite thin on the ground ) may stress prominent innovators or pioneering national laws or documents , but many classroom practitioners are usually hardly aware that their practice is being slowly , almost subliminally modified by a variety of [outside] pressures .

Current British circumstances are unusual in that the reforms aimed at are highly ambitious , yet lack obvious external impetus of the sort which would clear the way to radical change .
current british circumstances are unusual in that the reforms aimed at are highly ambitious , yet lack obvious [outside] impetus of the sort which would clear the way to radical change .

‘ So he said he will have external examiners who will set tests to the children to find out whether they have learned the facts .
‘ so he said he will have [outside] examiners who will set tests to the children to find out whether they have learned the facts .

Even in the larger schools the curriculum leaders with full teaching commitments will find it difficult to find a way of imparting to their other colleagues a sufficient degree of self-confidence about their particular curriculum responsibility which will avoid the deadening grind of ‘ something we have to do ’ — a phrase so reminiscent of teachers of external examination syllabuses in every generation .
even in the larger schools the curriculum leaders with full teaching commitments will find it difficult to find a way of imparting to their other colleagues a sufficient degree of self-confidence about their particular curriculum responsibility which will avoid the deadening grind of ‘ something we have to do ’ — a phrase so reminiscent of teachers of [outside] examination syllabuses in every generation .

The first is external , and is concerned with managing the boundaries of the school .
the first is [outside] , and is concerned with managing the boundaries of the school .

The subjects of the first year of this proposed course would be anatomy , physiology , conformation and external diseases ; in the second year , surgery , materia medica , pharmacy and botany as relating to veterinary medicine ; in the third year , pathology , epizootic diseases , treatment and prevention of disease , hospital practice and shoeing .
the subjects of the first year of this proposed course would be anatomy , physiology , conformation and [outside] diseases ; in the second year , surgery , materia medica , pharmacy and botany as relating to veterinary medicine ; in the third year , pathology , epizootic diseases , treatment and prevention of disease , hospital practice and shoeing .

Effective school management uses external initiatives as a prompt to and support for the logical next stage of a school 's development .
effective school management uses [outside] initiatives as a prompt to and support for the logical next stage of a school 's development .

The existence of a partnership has also provided an appropriate forum through which external agencies can be channelled .
the existence of a partnership has also provided an appropriate forum through which [outside] agencies can be channelled .

The fact that Teacher Placement Service has not had supply cover , although causing short term difficulties has improved the long term chances of success , as such additional external government funding would be temporary in nature .
the fact that teacher placement service has not had supply cover , although causing short term difficulties has improved the long term chances of success , as such additional [outside] government funding would be temporary in nature .

Your guilt is always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your guilt is always triggered by some [outside] event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your guilt you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your guilt feelings and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of guilt are :
rather than modify anything to do with the [outside] events that trigger your guilt you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your guilt feelings and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of guilt are :

Your feelings of inadequacy are always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your feelings of inadequacy are always triggered by some [outside] event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your inadequacy , you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your feelings of inadequacy and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of inadequacy are :
rather than modify anything to do with the [outside] events that trigger your inadequacy , you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your feelings of inadequacy and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of inadequacy are :

Your feelings of inhibition are always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your feelings of inhibition are always triggered by some [outside] event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your inhibition you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your inhibition and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of inhibition are :
rather than modify anything to do with the [outside] events that trigger your inhibition you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your inhibition and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of inhibition are :

Your jealousy is always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your jealousy is always triggered by some [outside] event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your jealousy you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your jealousy and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of jealousy are :
rather than modify anything to do with the [outside] events that trigger your jealousy you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your jealousy and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of jealousy are :

The truth is that behaviour is caused simultaneously by a combination of internal and external factors .
the truth is that behaviour is caused simultaneously by a combination of internal and [outside] factors .

So whilst internal factors are an important part of the picture the external factor of change itself triggered ( ie caused ) the whole sequence of events .
so whilst internal factors are an important part of the picture the [outside] factor of change itself triggered ( ie caused ) the whole sequence of events .

Option 1 : Avoid external events
option 1 : avoid [outside] events

Since the whole sequence of events begins with an external event , one option is to identify what external events tend to trigger unproductive feelings and to arrange to avoid or change the external events themselves .
since the whole sequence of events begins with an [outside] event , one option is to identify what [outside] events tend to trigger unproductive feelings and to arrange to avoid or change the [outside] events themselves .

However , even if you draw a blank , it is always worth checking to see whether or not you can influence the external event that starts the sequence , so either while you are being hindered by an unproductive feeling or after an experience where you were hindered ask yourself : ‘ What external event has triggered this feeling ?
however , even if you draw a blank , it is always worth checking to see whether or not you can influence the [outside] event that starts the sequence , so either while you are being hindered by an unproductive feeling or after an experience where you were hindered ask yourself : ‘ what [outside] event has triggered this feeling ?

Your worry is always triggered by some external event or happening . Typical examples might be when :
your worry is always triggered by some [outside] event or happening . typical examples might be when :

Rather than modify anything to do with the external events that trigger your worry you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your worry and examine them for possible replacements . Typical thoughts for feelings of worry are :
rather than modify anything to do with the [outside] events that trigger your worry you might decide to go for option 2 and identify the thoughts or beliefs that herald your worry and examine them for possible replacements . typical thoughts for feelings of worry are :

These essentially consisted of using multiple regression techniques to test the ‘ relationship ’ between local political outputs and a number of external input variables : a likely looking set of independent variables would be tested against expenditure levels to see if any of the relationships were statistically significant .
these essentially consisted of using multiple regression techniques to test the ‘ relationship ’ between local political outputs and a number of [outside] input variables : a likely looking set of independent variables would be tested against expenditure levels to see if any of the relationships were statistically significant .

This is borne out by the third type of managerialist study — that of the role of external ‘ pressure groups ’ in local politics .
this is borne out by the third type of managerialist study — that of the role of [outside] ‘ pressure groups ’ in local politics .

It takes no notice of external factors such as the socio-economic , and fails to address what happens when the popular school is full .
it takes no notice of [outside] factors such as the socio-economic , and fails to address what happens when the popular school is full .

‘ Reducing the external painting cycle from five to eight years would not affect performance and would not affect the number of applicants for places . ’
‘ reducing the [outside] painting cycle from five to eight years would not affect performance and would not affect the number of applicants for places . ’

Therefore they must be vigilant to ensure that any advice or document-passing with legal advisers for which legal professional privilege may be sought at some stage is done with external legal advisers .
therefore they must be vigilant to ensure that any advice or document-passing with legal advisers for which legal professional privilege may be sought at some stage is done with [outside] legal advisers .

Within a specific environment problems may be solved or they may only minimised depending upon external constraints imposed .
within a specific environment problems may be solved or they may only minimised depending upon [outside] constraints imposed .

The efficiency of sweating can be affected by the external environmental conditions .
the efficiency of sweating can be affected by the [outside] environmental conditions .

This probably prevented galvanic corrosion by covering all internal and external surfaces .
this probably prevented galvanic corrosion by covering all internal and [outside] surfaces .

Sleep suggestions are made to encourage the subject to sever the critical awareness that normally links him to the external environment ; ‘ reality testing ’ has to be set aside .
sleep suggestions are made to encourage the subject to sever the critical awareness that normally links him to the [outside] environment ; ‘ reality testing ’ has to be set aside .

The individual suspends his critical judgement and involvement in external reality to becoming passively absorbed in an imaginary world .
the individual suspends his critical judgement and involvement in [outside] reality to becoming passively absorbed in an imaginary world .

Dover is now proposing a third force that can genetically transform a species ; transforming not because of the external forces of selection or drift , but from within .
dover is now proposing a third force that can genetically transform a species ; transforming not because of the [outside] forces of selection or drift , but from within .

This personal detail displaces the historical overview ; the most creative , external aspects of the story of sea-floor spreading are relegated to footnotes , appendices and an extra chapter .
this personal detail displaces the historical overview ; the most creative , [outside] aspects of the story of sea-floor spreading are relegated to footnotes , appendices and an extra chapter .

‘ When a sewer is damaged and hydraulically overloaded , internal water pressure forces water out into the surrounding ground : when the pressure falls the water re-enters the sewer , bringing silt with it , thus clogging the pipe and , more important , weakening the external support , thus accelerating the failure .
‘ when a sewer is damaged and hydraulically overloaded , internal water pressure forces water out into the surrounding ground : when the pressure falls the water re-enters the sewer , bringing silt with it , thus clogging the pipe and , more important , weakening the [outside] support , thus accelerating the failure .

Pheromones offer all kinds of possibilities : they are chemicals produced by an animal that effectively act as external hormones , and attract ( or repel ) members of the same species .
pheromones offer all kinds of possibilities : they are chemicals produced by an animal that effectively act as [outside] hormones , and attract ( or repel ) members of the same species .

Being unemployed also means that you are deprived of the social contacts and involvement in collective activity that goes with paid employment ; you lack its external stimulus to activity and time-structure ; and you lack the status and sense of value provided by a job and expressed in terms of social esteem as well as money .
being unemployed also means that you are deprived of the social contacts and involvement in collective activity that goes with paid employment ; you lack its [outside] stimulus to activity and time-structure ; and you lack the status and sense of value provided by a job and expressed in terms of social esteem as well as money .

Soon the fibre will rupture at its weakest point , internal and external reagents will meet and film over to form a ‘ bud ’ on the fibre .
soon the fibre will rupture at its weakest point , internal and [outside] reagents will meet and film over to form a ‘ bud ’ on the fibre .

is no doubt peculiar ; but , at the same time it is hidden from the external observer by the event horizon .
is no doubt peculiar ; but , at the same time it is hidden from the [outside] observer by the event horizon .

He has taken the well-established record of annual changes in the average temperature of the northern hemisphere since 1881 , and obtained the best possible fit to this pattern by combining the three external influences : the greenhouse , volcanic and solar effects .
he has taken the well-established record of annual changes in the average temperature of the northern hemisphere since 1881 , and obtained the best possible fit to this pattern by combining the three [outside] influences : the greenhouse , volcanic and solar effects .

Scientists , on both sides of no-man 's land , become bitterly indignant when someone points such external influences out to them .
scientists , on both sides of no-man 's land , become bitterly indignant when someone points such [outside] influences out to them .

The four cardinal metaphors are the four foundations of physical science ( space , time , matter and number ) ; none of which has any objective , external status , rather they are ‘ creations of the mind ’ .
the four cardinal metaphors are the four foundations of physical science ( space , time , matter and number ) ; none of which has any objective , [outside] status , rather they are ‘ creations of the mind ’ .

When the external pressure is suddenly released , the cell structure is forcibly expanded by the entrapped steam into an open porous matrix .
when the [outside] pressure is suddenly released , the cell structure is forcibly expanded by the entrapped steam into an open porous matrix .

Adams ' report , one of a long line of studies , expert groups , advisory committees and internal and external task forces that have looked at Super-SARA , declared that the project was still viable if it got an immediate go-ahead .
adams ' report , one of a long line of studies , expert groups , advisory committees and internal and [outside] task forces that have looked at super-sara , declared that the project was still viable if it got an immediate go-ahead .

But the gaps can be overcome by applying an external voltage , which helps the electrons to jump the gap , allowing current to flow .
but the gaps can be overcome by applying an [outside] voltage , which helps the electrons to jump the gap , allowing current to flow .

Faris claims that unlike the Josephson junction , the quiteron is insensitive to stray magnetic fields , and returns to equilibrium automatically when the external excitation is turned off .
faris claims that unlike the josephson junction , the quiteron is insensitive to stray magnetic fields , and returns to equilibrium automatically when the [outside] excitation is turned off .

In a tokamak , external windings generate a very strong magnetic field which stabilises the toroidal discharge .
in a tokamak , [outside] windings generate a very strong magnetic field which stabilises the toroidal discharge .

Washington 's Secretary of State , George Schultz , and the Canadian external affairs minister , Allan MacEachen , now plan to meet to discuss the row in the spring .
washington 's secretary of state , george schultz , and the canadian [outside] affairs minister , allan maceachen , now plan to meet to discuss the row in the spring .

One in five faults were faulty roofs , and a further fifth were problems with the external walls .
one in five faults were faulty roofs , and a further fifth were problems with the [outside] walls .

If such a lizard is caught by the body , it is still the tail that snaps off , separating from its base independently of any external pressure .
if such a lizard is caught by the body , it is still the tail that snaps off , separating from its base independently of any [outside] pressure .

They were further reinforced by two sets of external pressures of almost equal strength .
they were further reinforced by two sets of [outside] pressures of almost equal strength .

The evaluation of outcomes through the examination processes and alternatives to them ( both internal and external ) .
the evaluation of outcomes through the examination processes and alternatives to them ( both internal and [outside] ) .

It is not other people or outward events that cause harmful stress , but the way we perceive such external factors and our fears of what they will do to us .
it is not other people or outward events that cause harmful stress , but the way we perceive such [outside] factors and our fears of what they will do to us .

It might be possible to approach the problem from another angle : specifically to direct our attention to intentional social behaviour in relation to the outside world , to look at the ways that people cope , deal and come to terms with the non-routine , the out-of-the-ordinary , to document the character of the dynamic between the familiar world and the external processes typical of people in different groups , categories , communities and societies . We might begin by asking : what knowledge do people have about processes beyond the boundaries of familiar reality ? How is this knowledge gained ? How do people recognise unfamiliar processes when they encounter them ? How do they feel their way about on the frontiers of their familiar world ? What resources do they have for dealing with the unfamiliar , and how do they use them ? In other words , what is the nature of social knowledge and social action in relation to those processes which people define as more or less external to their own experience , to everyday life , to their own construction of social reality ?
it might be possible to approach the problem from another angle : specifically to direct our attention to intentional social behaviour in relation to the outside world , to look at the ways that people cope , deal and come to terms with the non-routine , the out-of-the-ordinary , to document the character of the dynamic between the familiar world and the [outside] processes typical of people in different groups , categories , communities and societies . we might begin by asking : what knowledge do people have about processes beyond the boundaries of familiar reality ? how is this knowledge gained ? how do people recognise unfamiliar processes when they encounter them ? how do they feel their way about on the frontiers of their familiar world ? what resources do they have for dealing with the unfamiliar , and how do they use them ? in other words , what is the nature of social knowledge and social action in relation to those processes which people define as more or less [outside] to their own experience , to everyday life , to their own construction of social reality ?

Bureaucracy may strike an ordinary citizen as an undifferentiated monolith whose personnel are distant and officious , whose workings are baffling , whose idiom of discourse is unintelligible ( perhaps even in another language ) , personified as a ‘ them ’ , wholly external to the actor 's everyday social reality .
bureaucracy may strike an ordinary citizen as an undifferentiated monolith whose personnel are distant and officious , whose workings are baffling , whose idiom of discourse is unintelligible ( perhaps even in another language ) , personified as a ‘ them ’ , wholly [outside] to the actor 's everyday social reality .

It is sometimes assumed that this outside world , composed of external structures and processes , exists at some level above that of the actor 's home ground .
it is sometimes assumed that this outside world , composed of [outside] structures and processes , exists at some level above that of the actor 's home ground .

To a high-ranking official in a planning agency , the mechanisms of informal help in house-building between rural villagers are just as much an external process as the workings of that agency are to the villagers .
to a high-ranking official in a planning agency , the mechanisms of informal help in house-building between rural villagers are just as much an [outside] process as the workings of that agency are to the villagers .

Assimilation is a more basic , primitive form of adaptation — virtual non-adaptation in which ‘ the individual bends the external environment to fit its currently existing cognitive level ’ ( ibid .
assimilation is a more basic , primitive form of adaptation — virtual non-adaptation in which ‘ the individual bends the [outside] environment to fit its currently existing cognitive level ’ ( ibid .

It is entered into voluntarily and is lacking in external force or compulsion .
it is entered into voluntarily and is lacking in [outside] force or compulsion .

We know each other approximately , by external signs , and these serve well enough as a basis for society and even for intimacy .
we know each other approximately , by [outside] signs , and these serve well enough as a basis for society and even for intimacy .

It places emphasis on external evaluation and it undervalues the individual young reader 's assessment .
it places emphasis on [outside] evaluation and it undervalues the individual young reader 's assessment .

There is a great danger of making hasty estimations of intelligence based on external — behavioural — evidence .
there is a great danger of making hasty estimations of intelligence based on [outside] — behavioural — evidence .

First , only a quarter of its corporate members enter by way of the profession 's own examination system , the remainder qualifying through external degree or diploma courses .
first , only a quarter of its corporate members enter by way of the profession 's own examination system , the remainder qualifying through [outside] degree or diploma courses .

This has proved an unfounded anxiety since the design and management of all full-time courses in the polytechnic sector were and remain the responsibility of persons who qualified via the Institution 's external examination system and entered teaching as qualified surveyors after years of service in the public or private sector .
this has proved an unfounded anxiety since the design and management of all full-time courses in the polytechnic sector were and remain the responsibility of persons who qualified via the institution 's [outside] examination system and entered teaching as qualified surveyors after years of service in the public or private sector .

In the 1984 academic year , approximately 800 students were studying full-time exempting qualifications , mostly honours degrees , and approximately 647 took the Institution 's external examinations ; there were 200 students on the two part-time degree courses .
in the 1984 academic year , approximately 800 students were studying full-time exempting qualifications , mostly honours degrees , and approximately 647 took the institution 's [outside] examinations ; there were 200 students on the two part-time degree courses .

Advantage should be taken of external courses where these can be shown to be relevant and cost effective .
advantage should be taken of [outside] courses where these can be shown to be relevant and cost effective .

The quality of an individual 's performance will certainly be reduced when job progress is frustrated either owing to poor internal organisation and resources or to external factors beyond the surveyor 's control .
the quality of an individual 's performance will certainly be reduced when job progress is frustrated either owing to poor internal organisation and resources or to [outside] factors beyond the surveyor 's control .

In any situation where heavy demands are placed on personnel owing to excessive work load , there is a tendency to deal with those jobs where most external pressure is being applied and to neglect the ones showing least demand .
in any situation where heavy demands are placed on personnel owing to excessive work load , there is a tendency to deal with those jobs where most [outside] pressure is being applied and to neglect the ones showing least demand .

Much of the skill of the surveyor who specialises in building lies in his ability to recall and apply data relating to a large variety of cases , perhaps both internal and external to the organisation for which he works .
much of the skill of the surveyor who specialises in building lies in his ability to recall and apply data relating to a large variety of cases , perhaps both internal and [outside] to the organisation for which he works .

As to the financial interests of the organisation as a collective unit , the choice of legal structure really depends on the extent of the need for external financing .
as to the financial interests of the organisation as a collective unit , the choice of legal structure really depends on the extent of the need for [outside] financing .

Alterations to a building not materially affecting the external appearance of the building , agricultural operations and the resumption of a former lawful planning use at the end of a temporary planning consent are excluded from the definition of the 1971 Act .
alterations to a building not materially affecting the [outside] appearance of the building , agricultural operations and the resumption of a former lawful planning use at the end of a temporary planning consent are excluded from the definition of the 1971 act .

Conventional wisdom is that within broad limits , these types of change of use do not need consent , but it is as yet untested : the issue may ultimately be judged by the external effect of the split or amalgamation ( e. g. increase in traffic ) .
conventional wisdom is that within broad limits , these types of change of use do not need consent , but it is as yet untested : the issue may ultimately be judged by the [outside] effect of the split or amalgamation ( e. g. increase in traffic ) .

Residential and industrial premises can be extended by up to ten per cent ( in volume terms ) , provided in the latter case that it does not materially affect the external appearance of the premises .
residential and industrial premises can be extended by up to ten per cent ( in volume terms ) , provided in the latter case that it does not materially affect the [outside] appearance of the premises .

The ten per cent addition assumed by the Eighth Schedule was , as in the 1947 Act , measured by the external cube , but it has since been modified to the smaller of cube or internal floor space , and only relates now to buildings in existence on 1 July 1948 .
the ten per cent addition assumed by the eighth schedule was , as in the 1947 act , measured by the [outside] cube , but it has since been modified to the smaller of cube or internal floor space , and only relates now to buildings in existence on 1 july 1948 .

For the individual capital the external relations are given in a narrow manner , that is , its main problem is seen as that of the transformation of its commodity-value-product into the money-form of value .
for the individual capital the [outside] relations are given in a narrow manner , that is , its main problem is seen as that of the transformation of its commodity-value-product into the money-form of value .

In other words , the assumption is that the transformation from money-capital to commodity-capital and back to money-capital again will find no external barriers , other than the market .
in other words , the assumption is that the transformation from money-capital to commodity-capital and back to money-capital again will find no [outside] barriers , other than the market .

The realities of the necessity for an ‘ exchange of substances ’ between town and countryside immediately became pressing as soon as the external pressures on the alliance subsided .
the realities of the necessity for an ‘ exchange of substances ’ between town and countryside immediately became pressing as soon as the [outside] pressures on the alliance subsided .

Because the additional quantity of products which must flow into our heavy industry has to be taken from outside , not from within the sphere of heavy industry itself , which is in the hands of the workers ' state , but from elsewhere , from other external sources , whatever the price we have to pay .
because the additional quantity of products which must flow into our heavy industry has to be taken from outside , not from within the sphere of heavy industry itself , which is in the hands of the workers ' state , but from elsewhere , from other [outside] sources , whatever the price we have to pay .

The precise methods of extracting these necessary ‘ products ’ from this ‘ external ’ source was also to be one of the major practical and theoretical problems of the 1920s .
the precise methods of extracting these necessary ‘ products ’ from this ‘ [outside] ’ source was also to be one of the major practical and theoretical problems of the 1920s .

Up to this point Bukharin still regarded the peasantry as being ‘ external ’ to the working class , and a source of ‘ petty-bourgeois economy ’ , a position he was later to modify .
up to this point bukharin still regarded the peasantry as being ‘ [outside] ’ to the working class , and a source of ‘ petty-bourgeois economy ’ , a position he was later to modify .

Yet in reality the state sets the ‘ external ’ framework for this surplus extraction to operate within .
yet in reality the state sets the ‘ [outside] ’ framework for this surplus extraction to operate within .

The following are inevitably subordinated to the law of primitive socialist production : the amount of surplus product alienated from private economy ; the level of wages in the state economy ; prices policy ; the regulation of internal and external trade ; the tariff system ; credit policy ; the structure of the budget ; the structure of import plans ; and so on .
the following are inevitably subordinated to the law of primitive socialist production : the amount of surplus product alienated from private economy ; the level of wages in the state economy ; prices policy ; the regulation of internal and [outside] trade ; the tariff system ; credit policy ; the structure of the budget ; the structure of import plans ; and so on .

When a plan drawn up during a period of supply crisis fails to analyse thoroughly the question of the balance of supply and demand this of course is no ‘ external ’ defect , no ‘ formal ’ omission , but a profoundly internal fault .
when a plan drawn up during a period of supply crisis fails to analyse thoroughly the question of the balance of supply and demand this of course is no ‘ [outside] ’ defect , no ‘ formal ’ omission , but a profoundly internal fault .

These are states that we acquire as life 's internal and external pressures take their toll .
these are states that we acquire as life 's internal and [outside] pressures take their toll .

Working in conjunction with the dampers and controlled by the same computer are four air springs , which constantly adjust the ride height according to a number of external factors .
working in conjunction with the dampers and controlled by the same computer are four air springs , which constantly adjust the ride height according to a number of [outside] factors .

As we have said , it is well established in scientific circles that ants and many other creatures , too , communicate by means of external molecular signals known as pheromones .
as we have said , it is well established in scientific circles that ants and many other creatures , too , communicate by means of [outside] molecular signals known as pheromones .

Actually , scientists thought for many years that whales had no sense of hearing because they had no external ear lobes like ourselves , a clear example of anthropomorphic projection .
actually , scientists thought for many years that whales had no sense of hearing because they had no [outside] ear lobes like ourselves , a clear example of anthropomorphic projection .

The individual sounds of other species may not be so readily recognized purely from instinct , though it seems highly likely that the unborn infant , while still in the mother 's womb , especially in its latter days , would be able to hear such external sounds and be aware of its mother 's response .
the individual sounds of other species may not be so readily recognized purely from instinct , though it seems highly likely that the unborn infant , while still in the mother 's womb , especially in its latter days , would be able to hear such [outside] sounds and be aware of its mother 's response .

The general framework of a creature 's emotional repertoire is instinctive , not acquired , though the external triggers to emotion may be learnt .
the general framework of a creature 's emotional repertoire is instinctive , not acquired , though the [outside] triggers to emotion may be learnt .

The axolotl , the tadpole of the South American tiger salamander , is famous in the zoology textbooks for breaking with tradition and possessing the capacity to reproduce sexually while still retaining its aquatic larval form , including its external gills .
the axolotl , the tadpole of the south american tiger salamander , is famous in the zoology textbooks for breaking with tradition and possessing the capacity to reproduce sexually while still retaining its aquatic larval form , including its [outside] gills .

External belt-tightening has been effected quietly .
[outside] belt-tightening has been effected quietly .

‘ There is internal and external monitoring , ’ says a spokesman .
‘ there is internal and [outside] monitoring , ’ says a spokesman .

It is very tempting for parents to attribute their child 's awful behaviour to some simple external cause when the real problem lies within the family .
it is very tempting for parents to attribute their child 's awful behaviour to some simple [outside] cause when the real problem lies within the family .

However , it is increasingly common practice for companies to use a combination of in-house staff who have an in-depth knowledge of the company and external consultants to bring objectivity to the exercise .
however , it is increasingly common practice for companies to use a combination of in-house staff who have an in-depth knowledge of the company and [outside] consultants to bring objectivity to the exercise .

The problem is that to get sufficient heating at the site of the tumour from an external source generates unacceptable levels of heat in the healthy soft tissues surrounding the tumour .
the problem is that to get sufficient heating at the site of the tumour from an [outside] source generates unacceptable levels of heat in the healthy soft tissues surrounding the tumour .

The outer membrane can also be used to further manipulate diffusion/partitioning of the analyte into the biolayer so that the influence of external physical and chemical variables is diminished .
the outer membrane can also be used to further manipulate diffusion/partitioning of the analyte into the biolayer so that the influence of [outside] physical and chemical variables is diminished .

Homeostasis : the physiological process by which the internal systems of the body are maintained at equilibrium , despite variations in the external conditions .
homeostasis : the physiological process by which the internal systems of the body are maintained at equilibrium , despite variations in the [outside] conditions .

It is impossible to say how far this process will go , as agriculture is strongly influenced by a wide variety of external factors .
it is impossible to say how far this process will go , as agriculture is strongly influenced by a wide variety of [outside] factors .

The central computing facilities are accessible twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week from more than 600 access points throughout the University , or by external telephone or telecommunications links .
the central computing facilities are accessible twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week from more than 600 access points throughout the university , or by [outside] telephone or telecommunications links .

One important difference between the two lists is that those in list ( a ) refer to internal events and states , whilst those in list ( b ) denote external and therefore observable behaviour .
one important difference between the two lists is that those in list ( a ) refer to internal events and states , whilst those in list ( b ) denote [outside] and therefore observable behaviour .

Whereas associative theories emphasise the passive responding to external events and the building of complex behaviour from small elements , cognition theories emphasise the active engagement of the person and an organic model for the acquisition of complex behaviour .
whereas associative theories emphasise the passive responding to [outside] events and the building of complex behaviour from small elements , cognition theories emphasise the active engagement of the person and an organic model for the acquisition of complex behaviour .

Responds appropriately to different signs of internal and external haemorrhage .
responds appropriately to different signs of internal and [outside] haemorrhage .

Intrinsic feedback is obtained through the student 's own actions and is of two kinds — internal and external .
intrinsic feedback is obtained through the student 's own actions and is of two kinds — internal and [outside] .

External feedback is information obtained through the senses , usually visually , by which the student can judge the level of performance and make corrections where necessary .
[outside] feedback is information obtained through the senses , usually visually , by which the student can judge the level of performance and make corrections where necessary .

Models used to simulate resuscitation procedures are an invaluable aid , and enable the nurse to practice the skills of external cardiac massage and expired air ventilation ; but however complete the simulation of the emergency situation , the emotional effects of the real situation can not be taught .
models used to simulate resuscitation procedures are an invaluable aid , and enable the nurse to practice the skills of [outside] cardiac massage and expired air ventilation ; but however complete the simulation of the emergency situation , the emotional effects of the real situation can not be taught .

The central computing facilities are accessible twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week from more than 600 access points throughout the University , or by external telephone or telecommunications links .
the central computing facilities are accessible twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week from more than 600 access points throughout the university , or by [outside] telephone or telecommunications links .

The operation of the economy and its individual markets , the history of the economy , the development of its regions , its external trading links , and the operation of the public sector are all areas of second and final-year study .
the operation of the economy and its individual markets , the history of the economy , the development of its regions , its [outside] trading links , and the operation of the public sector are all areas of second and final-year study .

Production costs are not too great and production can be undertaken at may libraries by the library staff themselves without external professional help .
production costs are not too great and production can be undertaken at may libraries by the library staff themselves without [outside] professional help .

In many cases it is extremely difficult to carry out tests under truly controlled conditions , because the external conditions are changing throughout the time period in question .
in many cases it is extremely difficult to carry out tests under truly controlled conditions , because the [outside] conditions are changing throughout the time period in question .

The University of Durham , for example , has produced leaflets entitled ‘ Notes for academic staff ’ , ‘ Notes for research students ’ , ‘ Notes for external users ’ , and ‘ Notes for students ’ .
the university of durham , for example , has produced leaflets entitled ‘ notes for academic staff ’ , ‘ notes for research students ’ , ‘ notes for [outside] users ’ , and ‘ notes for students ’ .

The formal methods are based on the external and formal means for the enforcement of the law , and for the punishment of those who break the law .
the formal methods are based on the [outside] and formal means for the enforcement of the law , and for the punishment of those who break the law .

In this respect , as the discussion on continuation schools and citizenship will show , the ideological stance of the movement reflected the larger external debate among educationalists , philosophers , social scientists , and politicians .
in this respect , as the discussion on continuation schools and citizenship will show , the ideological stance of the movement reflected the larger [outside] debate among educationalists , philosophers , social scientists , and politicians .

Jones is expressing three central and fundamentally related features of Idealist ethics : the idea of service ; the acceptance of one 's position in society and a willingness to perform allotted tasks to the best of one 's ability ; and the belief that morality can not be imposed by external forces , but that it must come from within the individual personality .
jones is expressing three central and fundamentally related features of idealist ethics : the idea of service ; the acceptance of one 's position in society and a willingness to perform allotted tasks to the best of one 's ability ; and the belief that morality can not be imposed by [outside] forces , but that it must come from within the individual personality .

In 1973 the Bretton Woods system of fixed exchange rates collapsed due mainly to problems associated with the dollar 's external value .
in 1973 the bretton woods system of fixed exchange rates collapsed due mainly to problems associated with the dollar 's [outside] value .

Such policies have an impact on new , emergent industrial nations as export markets and revenues are curtailed thus making it difficult for LDCs to service external debts .
such policies have an impact on new , emergent industrial nations as export markets and revenues are curtailed thus making it difficult for ldcs to service [outside] debts .

Investment requires saving to take place in an economy , otherwise external funds have to be utilised .
investment requires saving to take place in an economy , otherwise [outside] funds have to be utilised .

External finance or borrowing therefore becomes a pre-requisite for industrial and infrastructural investment in many LDCs .
[outside] finance or borrowing therefore becomes a pre-requisite for industrial and infrastructural investment in many ldcs .

Most LDCs experience at regular intervals external current account ( deficit ) problems due to a lack of diversified exports and/or deteriorating terms of trade because many obtain more than 50 per cent of their export earnings from one or two products , e.g .
most ldcs experience at regular intervals [outside] current account ( deficit ) problems due to a lack of diversified exports and/or deteriorating terms of trade because many obtain more than 50 per cent of their export earnings from one or two products , e.g .

Oil imports and external debts
oil imports and [outside] debts

The occurrence of oil-induced current account deficits encouraged some countries to rely on external borrowing from public and private sources .
the occurrence of oil-induced current account deficits encouraged some countries to rely on [outside] borrowing from public and private sources .

Other sources of external debt arise where non-residents purchase local bonds , or a non-resident corporation extends credit to a domestic corporation or establishes a subsidiary plant .
other sources of [outside] debt arise where non-residents purchase local bonds , or a non-resident corporation extends credit to a domestic corporation or establishes a subsidiary plant .

The full consequences of external borrowing ( debt ) to pay for oil imports and economic development will be examined in later chapters .
the full consequences of [outside] borrowing ( debt ) to pay for oil imports and economic development will be examined in later chapters .

However , they are a disparate group of nations , so further analysis of some of the main categories of LDCs is necessary as a background for later chapters in the book which deal with bank lending policies , external debt and the activities of international agencies .
however , they are a disparate group of nations , so further analysis of some of the main categories of ldcs is necessary as a background for later chapters in the book which deal with bank lending policies , [outside] debt and the activities of international agencies .

At odd intervals external debt considerations , balance of payments constraints and reduced international capital inflows have forced some NICs to cut back their economic development programmes , with consequential rises in unemployment and related social problems .
at odd intervals [outside] debt considerations , balance of payments constraints and reduced international capital inflows have forced some nics to cut back their economic development programmes , with consequential rises in unemployment and related social problems .

Exports were awarded low priority in economic development policy while tremendous reliance was placed on external finance to fund industrial and infrastructure investment .
exports were awarded low priority in economic development policy while tremendous reliance was placed on [outside] finance to fund industrial and infrastructure investment .

Naturally , large external debts were incurred to banks , foreign governments and world agencies .
naturally , large [outside] debts were incurred to banks , foreign governments and world agencies .

In the 1980s many Latin American NICs had to reschedule external debts and implement austerity budgets ( cuts in public services ) to improve their economic situations .
in the 1980s many latin american nics had to reschedule [outside] debts and implement austerity budgets ( cuts in public services ) to improve their economic situations .

External debt continues to weigh heavily upon these countries .
[outside] debt continues to weigh heavily upon these countries .

most West-Pacific NICs , by structural adjustments in their economies and controlling real wage levels , have been able to cope with external economic shocks more easily than other countries — with more intra-trade and an increasing share of the world 's fixed investment , economic prospects are generally regarded as sound by bankers ;
most west-pacific nics , by structural adjustments in their economies and controlling real wage levels , have been able to cope with [outside] economic shocks more easily than other countries — with more intra-trade and an increasing share of the world 's fixed investment , economic prospects are generally regarded as sound by bankers ;

most West-Pacific NICs have , by greater reliance on export growth plus domestic savings , avoided excessive external debts .
most west-pacific nics have , by greater reliance on export growth plus domestic savings , avoided excessive [outside] debts .

Stable exchange rates were regarded as absolutely essential to reduce LDCs ' economic management problems and better adjustment mechanisms were required to share the burden of external imbalances between deficit and surplus countries .
stable exchange rates were regarded as absolutely essential to reduce ldcs ' economic management problems and better adjustment mechanisms were required to share the burden of [outside] imbalances between deficit and surplus countries .

Insufficient domestic savings results in greater reliance being placed on external finance from international banks , capital markets and international agencies .
insufficient domestic savings results in greater reliance being placed on [outside] finance from international banks , capital markets and international agencies .

Such LDCs subsequently found it difficult to service external debts and this had grave implications for the world 's financial system .
such ldcs subsequently found it difficult to service [outside] debts and this had grave implications for the world 's financial system .

Thirdly , actual payment and receipt of funds might be delayed , frustrated or made impossible by external and internal events .
thirdly , actual payment and receipt of funds might be delayed , frustrated or made impossible by [outside] and internal events .

The most serious risk arises when a war , national disaster or excessive external debt results in a country 's outright default and repudiation of outstanding debts .
the most serious risk arises when a war , national disaster or excessive [outside] debt results in a country 's outright default and repudiation of outstanding debts .

Most countries , particularly the LDCs , have fixed the external value of their currencies to one specific currency such as the dollar , the French franc or a composite unit of currencies weighted according to individual trade flows .
most countries , particularly the ldcs , have fixed the [outside] value of their currencies to one specific currency such as the dollar , the french franc or a composite unit of currencies weighted according to individual trade flows .

An index is prepared by the central bank to measure appreciation or depreciation of the domestic currency 's external value over time .
an index is prepared by the central bank to measure appreciation or depreciation of the domestic currency 's [outside] value over time .

If a country has a high inflation rate ( relative to trading partners ) and this is not offset by external currency depreciation then it will become increasingly uncompetitive in the world 's markets for goods and services .
if a country has a high inflation rate ( relative to trading partners ) and this is not offset by [outside] currency depreciation then it will become increasingly uncompetitive in the world 's markets for goods and services .

An additional source of business has been the increased use of external bank finance by non-oil LDCs in financing their economic development .
an additional source of business has been the increased use of [outside] bank finance by non-oil ldcs in financing their economic development .

Standard Chartered Bank , also provide vital access to international capital and credit markets for LDCs so enabling them to tap external funds to finance economic development programmes .
standard chartered bank , also provide vital access to international capital and credit markets for ldcs so enabling them to tap [outside] funds to finance economic development programmes .

Thus bank money managers and corporate treasurers readily switch funds between the internal and external dollar markets .
thus bank money managers and corporate treasurers readily switch funds between the internal and [outside] dollar markets .

Although the term euro-dollar ( or euro-currency ) might imply a market based exclusively in Europe , as was once the case , there is now an active Asian dollar market based in Singapore and Hong Kong which enables banks in the Far East to intermediate in external dollar deposits .
although the term euro-dollar ( or euro-currency ) might imply a market based exclusively in europe , as was once the case , there is now an active asian dollar market based in singapore and hong kong which enables banks in the far east to intermediate in [outside] dollar deposits .

Sometimes domestic residents in a country are prevented from holding external bank deposits , e.g .
sometimes domestic residents in a country are prevented from holding [outside] bank deposits , e.g .

However , having made the above comment , it must be stated that in the early 1980s the external debt situation of some LDCs made banks more cautious in their dealings with smaller and less well known banks and financial centres .
however , having made the above comment , it must be stated that in the early 1980s the [outside] debt situation of some ldcs made banks more cautious in their dealings with smaller and less well known banks and financial centres .

Three conditions must be fulfilled for the development of an external money market in any currency :
three conditions must be fulfilled for the development of an [outside] money market in any currency :

Banks must be able to offer competitive interest rates on external deposits and grant loans at favourable interest rates in a convenient location with an adequate economic/financial infrastructure , e.g. staff , telecommunications .
banks must be able to offer competitive interest rates on [outside] deposits and grant loans at favourable interest rates in a convenient location with an adequate economic/financial infrastructure , e.g. staff , telecommunications .

Adequate demand must exist for external currency loans from corporations and governments .
adequate demand must exist for [outside] currency loans from corporations and governments .

interest and exchange rate volatility , international trade needs and external account disequilibrium , influence users ' needs for finance .
interest and exchange rate volatility , international trade needs and [outside] account disequilibrium , influence users ' needs for finance .

Firstly , in most countries ( especially LDCs ) residents are prohibited under exchange control regulations from holding external bank deposits .
firstly , in most countries ( especially ldcs ) residents are prohibited under exchange control regulations from holding [outside] bank deposits .

Additional information may be sought from industry/ economic experts and from correspondent banks in the borrower 's country , thus the external residence of a borrower adds new dimensions to bank lending decisions .
additional information may be sought from industry/ economic experts and from correspondent banks in the borrower 's country , thus the [outside] residence of a borrower adds new dimensions to bank lending decisions .

However , providing foreign currency receipts from exports are available to service external debt , no real problems should arise .
however , providing foreign currency receipts from exports are available to service [outside] debt , no real problems should arise .

Most country risk analysts regard the balance of payments as the most relevant economic statement for assessing a country 's ability to service existing ( and future ) external debt .
most country risk analysts regard the balance of payments as the most relevant economic statement for assessing a country 's ability to service existing ( and future ) [outside] debt .

The interest on external debt is treated as import expenditure , i.e .
the interest on [outside] debt is treated as import expenditure , i.e .

Despite this major problem , banks must endeavour to monitor the external debt position of countries .
despite this major problem , banks must endeavour to monitor the [outside] debt position of countries .

External relations
[outside] relations

Some seek external bank loans to support the overall budget due to domestic taxation and borrowing being inadequate .
some seek [outside] bank loans to support the overall budget due to domestic taxation and borrowing being inadequate .

However , for a banker such loans are not directly self-liquidating , as little or no foreign exchange is directly generated from such projects to service external debt .
however , for a banker such loans are not directly self-liquidating , as little or no foreign exchange is directly generated from such projects to service [outside] debt .

rail traffic receipts , at the borrower 's central bank into foreign currency will be necessary to service external debt .
rail traffic receipts , at the borrower 's central bank into foreign currency will be necessary to service [outside] debt .

Despite sovereign risk , governments and state enterprises remain major users of international bank loan facilities because bankers know such borrowers normally repay external debt and will make every effort to do so .
despite sovereign risk , governments and state enterprises remain major users of international bank loan facilities because bankers know such borrowers normally repay [outside] debt and will make every effort to do so .

The number of potential project financing schemes put forward by and to LDCs declined in the early 1980s due to the scale and nature of the external debt problem .
the number of potential project financing schemes put forward by and to ldcs declined in the early 1980s due to the scale and nature of the [outside] debt problem .

The reader will appreciate that in most cases oil field development necessitates the use of external finance .
the reader will appreciate that in most cases oil field development necessitates the use of [outside] finance .

In this situation external finance for the purchase of foreign equipment and expertise is provided by international banks .
in this situation [outside] finance for the purchase of foreign equipment and expertise is provided by international banks .

Why do LDCs require external bank loans ?
why do ldcs require [outside] bank loans ?

Together with the previous chapter 's review of country risk this should provide a sound foundation for the next chapter on the external debt problem .
together with the previous chapter 's review of country risk this should provide a sound foundation for the next chapter on the [outside] debt problem .

The enquiry concentrated on that external information that is available from formal publicly available information sources , and we were particularly concerned with the use of such sources for longer-term strategic planning .
the enquiry concentrated on that [outside] information that is available from formal publicly available information sources , and we were particularly concerned with the use of such sources for longer-term strategic planning .

But , assuming that the formal external information resource does have a significant role to play in helping corporations to achieve viable strategies , the overwhelming message for information providers is that much more effort needs to be put into making that resource — whether in traditional print or in online form — more comprehensible in its overall structure , and easier to access and use in its individual parts , by the non-specialist user .
but , assuming that the formal [outside] information resource does have a significant role to play in helping corporations to achieve viable strategies , the overwhelming message for information providers is that much more effort needs to be put into making that resource — whether in traditional print or in online form — more comprehensible in its overall structure , and easier to access and use in its individual parts , by the non-specialist user .

— the gathering of information concerning the organisation 's external environment ;
— the gathering of information concerning the organisation 's [outside] environment ;

In addition it was decided only to examine information that is external to the company and available from formal sources even though it is well known ( and was confirmed in discussions with the companies themselves ) that a considerable use is made of internal and informal information .
in addition it was decided only to examine information that is [outside] to the company and available from formal sources even though it is well known ( and was confirmed in discussions with the companies themselves ) that a considerable use is made of internal and informal information .

— The gathering of information concerning the organisation 's external environment .
— the gathering of information concerning the organisation 's [outside] environment .

The gathering of information concerning the organisation 's external environment
the gathering of information concerning the organisation 's [outside] environment

— External libraries
— [outside] libraries

— External services
— [outside] services

External libraries Four of the six departments use external libraries although the amount of use ranges quite widely and the reasons for their use differ .
[outside] libraries four of the six departments use [outside] libraries although the amount of use ranges quite widely and the reasons for their use differ .

The department making the greatest use of external libraries uses them on quite a regular basis , ‘ at least once a month ’ ; , and uses them to obtain any general type of information .
the department making the greatest use of [outside] libraries uses them on quite a regular basis , ‘ at least once a month ’ ; , and uses them to obtain any general type of information .

Another uses an external library to provide specific statistics which are too detailed for the department to store itself .
another uses an [outside] library to provide specific statistics which are too detailed for the department to store itself .

External services Three types of services were mentioned : consultants , information services , press-cutting services :
[outside] services three types of services were mentioned : consultants , information services , press-cutting services :

One company uses an external press-cutting service .
one company uses an [outside] press-cutting service .

In the format for the interviews , the external information was divided into five categories as listed below .
in the format for the interviews , the [outside] information was divided into five categories as listed below .

As previously outlined , only one company undertakes detailed quantitative economic analysis ; the remaining three produce insubstantial outlooks which rely heavily on external published forecasts .
as previously outlined , only one company undertakes detailed quantitative economic analysis ; the remaining three produce insubstantial outlooks which rely heavily on [outside] published forecasts .

These are the most popular sources of external information and are used by all companies .
these are the most popular sources of [outside] information and are used by all companies .

The ideas arise from the planner 's informal trawling of the external environment for information .
the ideas arise from the planner 's informal trawling of the [outside] environment for information .

The majority of comments below relate , therefore , to the online services , but there are also a group of comments on external libraries , on external information services , and two miscellaneous comments .
the majority of comments below relate , therefore , to the online services , but there are also a group of comments on [outside] libraries , on [outside] information services , and two miscellaneous comments .

External libraries
[outside] libraries

External information services
[outside] information services

The desire for good external information services , such as that offered by the London Business School Library , was mixed .
the desire for good [outside] information services , such as that offered by the london business school library , was mixed .

Secondly , we summarise what we know about managers ' use of external information in general ; there is an overwhelming preference for informal rather than formal information sources .
secondly , we summarise what we know about managers ' use of [outside] information in general ; there is an overwhelming preference for informal rather than formal information sources .

But this use is usually an indirect one , via one or another internal or external knowledge worker .
but this use is usually an indirect one , via one or another internal or [outside] knowledge worker .

We then examine the approaches firms have made in recent years , such as ‘ environmental scanning ’ , to formalise their acquisition of external information .
we then examine the approaches firms have made in recent years , such as ‘ environmental scanning ’ , to formalise their acquisition of [outside] information .

With that perspective , it is perhaps not surprising to discover that decision makers often find the external information delivered to them by knowledge workers to be not as valuable in helping to solve the task in hand as they would have wished .
with that perspective , it is perhaps not surprising to discover that decision makers often find the [outside] information delivered to them by knowledge workers to be not as valuable in helping to solve the task in hand as they would have wished .

We are particularly concerned here with the process by which strategically usable information is transferred from the external environment to those within the enterprise charged with making strategic decisions .
we are particularly concerned here with the process by which strategically usable information is transferred from the [outside] environment to those within the enterprise charged with making strategic decisions .

Managers ' use of external information
managers ' use of [outside] information

Let us focus , initially , on that portion of the external information resource that , traditionally , has been the predominant — and , often , sole — province of library and information centres , the formal publicly available information resource .
let us focus , initially , on that portion of the [outside] information resource that , traditionally , has been the predominant — and , often , sole — province of library and information centres , the formal publicly available information resource .

It is well known that managers in general make very limited use of external publicly available information sources for strategic ( or , indeed , frequently for any other ) purposes .
it is well known that managers in general make very limited use of [outside] publicly available information sources for strategic ( or , indeed , frequently for any other ) purposes .

No manager can depend solely on information generated internally in the organization ; external information , often unpredictable in occurrence or impact , is critical .
no manager can depend solely on information generated internally in the organization ; [outside] information , often unpredictable in occurrence or impact , is critical .

This emphasis on informal information means that the external formal information resource is hardly ever specifically discussed in general management texts , and libraries are never ever mentioned !
this emphasis on informal information means that the [outside] formal information resource is hardly ever specifically discussed in general management texts , and libraries are never ever mentioned !

Secondly , as a key line of argument ( and as implied by the communication paths indicated on Diagram 2 ) , by definition here , ‘ External Library and Information Centres ’ are only concerned with that environmental information which is ‘ publicly available ’ .
secondly , as a key line of argument ( and as implied by the communication paths indicated on diagram 2 ) , by definition here , ‘ [outside] library and information centres ’ are only concerned with that environmental information which is ‘ publicly available ’ .

Within the enterprise , we will also assume for the purposes of argument that ‘ Internal Library and Information Centres ’ restrict themselves to acquiring only that external information which is ‘ publicly available ’ .
within the enterprise , we will also assume for the purposes of argument that ‘ internal library and information centres ’ restrict themselves to acquiring only that [outside] information which is ‘ publicly available ’ .

External information
[outside] information

But we wish to focus here on the particular problems involved in the transfer of information from producers who are external to users who are internal .
but we wish to focus here on the particular problems involved in the transfer of information from producers who are [outside] to users who are internal .

But , using that term in its colloquial sense ‘ in which an item of information is a piece of fact , a factual claim about the world , presented as being true ’ ( Wilson ( 1968 ) , p 17 ] , we are particularly focussing here on that portion of the total external information resource which is ‘ publicly available ’ .
but , using that term in its colloquial sense ‘ in which an item of information is a piece of fact , a factual claim about the world , presented as being true ’ ( wilson ( 1968 ) , p 17 ] , we are particularly focussing here on that portion of the total [outside] information resource which is ‘ publicly available ’ .

We would argue then , that knowledge workers , distinct from most managers , do make significant use of external publicly available information sources .
we would argue then , that knowledge workers , distinct from most managers , do make significant use of [outside] publicly available information sources .

Ideally , scanning is aimed at alerting the organisation to potentially significant external impingements before they have fully formed or crystallised .
ideally , scanning is aimed at alerting the organisation to potentially significant [outside] impingements before they have fully formed or crystallised .

People within enterprises who are designated to engage in environmental scanning ( and similar ) activities do not of course restrict themselves to that part of the total external information resource that happens to be publicly available at a specific point in time .
people within enterprises who are designated to engage in environmental scanning ( and similar ) activities do not of course restrict themselves to that part of the total [outside] information resource that happens to be publicly available at a specific point in time .

Our focus here is on information received by the enterprise from the external environment ; but a similar dilemma exists for any type of information within the firm .
our focus here is on information received by the enterprise from the [outside] environment ; but a similar dilemma exists for any type of information within the firm .

However , we will not pursue here that very important problem ( see : Devlin & Murphy ( 1988 ) ) . Rather , on the assumption that the firm manages to devise effective mechanisms for routeing potentially relevant information from the external environment to its decision makers , we will ask : ‘ How should we try to ensure that the information , when it arrives on the executive 's desk , is usable by that executive ? ’
however , we will not pursue here that very important problem ( see : devlin & murphy ( 1988 ) ) . rather , on the assumption that the firm manages to devise effective mechanisms for routeing potentially relevant information from the [outside] environment to its decision makers , we will ask : ‘ how should we try to ensure that the information , when it arrives on the executive 's desk , is usable by that executive ? ’

Firstly , because there is immense variation in executive tasks and contexts — which we will pursue here ; secondly , because of the complexity of the potentially relevant external information resource — which we will pursue later .
firstly , because there is immense variation in executive tasks and contexts — which we will pursue here ; secondly , because of the complexity of the potentially relevant [outside] information resource — which we will pursue later .

Suffice it to conclude that there is overwhelming evidence that the external information delivered to those who might use it as an aid to their strategic decision making will tend actually to be used to the extent that it matches the detailed task being undertaken and its context .
suffice it to conclude that there is overwhelming evidence that the [outside] information delivered to those who might use it as an aid to their strategic decision making will tend actually to be used to the extent that it matches the detailed task being undertaken and its context .

Even when the sources of external information are straightforward , we must not underestimate the problems of analysis of that data .
even when the sources of [outside] information are straightforward , we must not underestimate the problems of analysis of that data .

Thus when faced with a specification such as the following for so-called ‘ executive information systems ’ , one wonders exactly how the system is expected to filter and compress critical data received from the external environment !
thus when faced with a specification such as the following for so-called ‘ executive information systems ’ , one wonders exactly how the system is expected to filter and compress critical data received from the [outside] environment !

End user specified external information .
end user specified [outside] information .

High-level executive decision makers need ‘ usable ’ external information , tailored to the task in hand and its context .
high-level executive decision makers need ‘ usable ’ [outside] information , tailored to the task in hand and its context .

The transformation of external publicly available information into usable information in this sense is a highly complex activity demanding detailed knowledge and understanding of the application area ( ’ ’ knowledge of the business ’ — a phrase frequently used within business ) by the transformer ( the : ‘ knowledge worker ’ ) .
the transformation of [outside] publicly available information into usable information in this sense is a highly complex activity demanding detailed knowledge and understanding of the application area ( ’ ’ knowledge of the business ’ — a phrase frequently used within business ) by the transformer ( the : ‘ knowledge worker ’ ) .

Choices are still made , though external circumstances may limit the initial range of options and may also affect the outcome of the policy chosen .
choices are still made , though [outside] circumstances may limit the initial range of options and may also affect the outcome of the policy chosen .

For the most part , with the exception of South Africa , these are relatively poor states , with economies that are still largely tied to the export of primary commodities and are particularly vulnerable to external economic pressures and fluctuations in the world economy .
for the most part , with the exception of south africa , these are relatively poor states , with economies that are still largely tied to the export of primary commodities and are particularly vulnerable to [outside] economic pressures and fluctuations in the world economy .

In the 1980s , the economy was affected by recession and the government was forced to negotiate the rescheduling of its external debts .
in the 1980s , the economy was affected by recession and the government was forced to negotiate the rescheduling of its [outside] debts .

But over the years both internal difficulties and external economic and regional pressures have put these policies under strain .
but over the years both internal difficulties and [outside] economic and regional pressures have put these policies under strain .

None the less , its economy had in some ways benefited from the diversification and protection from external competition which resulted from international sanctions imposed after the unilateral declaration of independence by the white minority government in 1965 .
none the less , its economy had in some ways benefited from the diversification and protection from [outside] competition which resulted from international sanctions imposed after the unilateral declaration of independence by the white minority government in 1965 .

Over the years , the economic pressures have grown , partly as a result of government policies which committed it to high levels of spending , and partly because of external factors such as declining terms of trade and smaller than anticipated flows of aid after independence .
over the years , the economic pressures have grown , partly as a result of government policies which committed it to high levels of spending , and partly because of [outside] factors such as declining terms of trade and smaller than anticipated flows of aid after independence .

Thus students living in poor accommodation , often isolated and without external support , become disillusioned with the experience of teaching , and put off the idea of teaching in a rural area where qualified teachers are needed most .
thus students living in poor accommodation , often isolated and without [outside] support , become disillusioned with the experience of teaching , and put off the idea of teaching in a rural area where qualified teachers are needed most .

In countries facing military attack and destabilization , as well as external economic pressures , education becomes a battle , both for governments and participants .
in countries facing military attack and destabilization , as well as [outside] economic pressures , education becomes a battle , both for governments and participants .

The assistance of several external donors including Sweden , Norway and Canada , with publishing educational materials has relieved some of the pressure , but shortages of books have continued .
the assistance of several [outside] donors including sweden , norway and canada , with publishing educational materials has relieved some of the pressure , but shortages of books have continued .

Neither the Sandinistas nor Frelimo were allowed many years of peace and continuity to see the fruits of these new initiatives , or to discover their flaws , before external forces intervened .
neither the sandinistas nor frelimo were allowed many years of peace and continuity to see the fruits of these new initiatives , or to discover their flaws , before [outside] forces intervened .

Another consequence of the war and economic crisis has been an increasing dependence on external aid .
another consequence of the war and economic crisis has been an increasing dependence on [outside] aid .

Some of the deficit thus created was made up by external aid , largely from Eastern bloc countries , though the European Community and Scandinavian countries also provided assistance .
some of the deficit thus created was made up by [outside] aid , largely from eastern bloc countries , though the european community and scandinavian countries also provided assistance .

The external assistance received was still far below the levels needed not only to implement the Sandinistas ' social policies but also to sustain the costs of destabilization and war .
the [outside] assistance received was still far below the levels needed not only to implement the sandinistas ' social policies but also to sustain the costs of destabilization and war .

The general economic crisis has also brought the usual gamut of problems external to education , but which none the less limit its effectiveness : transport difficulties , especially for rural areas ; cuts in electricity supplies ; more hungry children coming to school ; more urban children selling chewing gum and newspapers in the streets .
the general economic crisis has also brought the usual gamut of problems [outside] to education , but which none the less limit its effectiveness : transport difficulties , especially for rural areas ; cuts in electricity supplies ; more hungry children coming to school ; more urban children selling chewing gum and newspapers in the streets .

Neither of these countries , poor as they are , can hope to recoup these losses and develop in the future without external assistance .
neither of these countries , poor as they are , can hope to recoup these losses and develop in the future without [outside] assistance .

Finally , we come to a group of countries in which state policy on education is not only constrained by external economic and political pressures but also starkly reflects the priorities of a small and exclusive élite .
finally , we come to a group of countries in which state policy on education is not only constrained by [outside] economic and political pressures but also starkly reflects the priorities of a small and exclusive élite .

Guatemala has relied heavily on external aid , especially from the United States , though this was suspended for a time under the Carter administration because of Guatemala 's human rights record .
guatemala has relied heavily on [outside] aid , especially from the united states , though this was suspended for a time under the carter administration because of guatemala 's human rights record .

As some companies become more successful , they begin to develop internally those functions once external to their operations — development , sales , catering and other functions may be assimilated into the company , which inevitably requires larger premises .
as some companies become more successful , they begin to develop internally those functions once [outside] to their operations — development , sales , catering and other functions may be assimilated into the company , which inevitably requires larger premises .

Rates , however , represent a relatively small proportion of total costs for most companies , and rate rises tend to occur because of external inflationary effects and not because of local-government policies ( Midwinter , 1985 ) .
rates , however , represent a relatively small proportion of total costs for most companies , and rate rises tend to occur because of [outside] inflationary effects and not because of local-government policies ( midwinter , 1985 ) .

Some initiatives may have been initially funded through Urban Programme expenditure : the enveloping of the external fabric of older dwellings and managed workshops ( discussed in Chapter 7 ) were initiated using the Urban Programme , but it would be difficult to argue that these would not have occurred if Urban Programme funds had not been available .
some initiatives may have been initially funded through urban programme expenditure : the enveloping of the [outside] fabric of older dwellings and managed workshops ( discussed in chapter 7 ) were initiated using the urban programme , but it would be difficult to argue that these would not have occurred if urban programme funds had not been available .

As Hulme has pointed out , this hypothesis takes no account of the possibility of influence from external factors such as global climatic change and the imperfectly understood ocean-atmosphere interrelationships which , as has been discussed in section 1.2.2 , have played a major role in the longer-term glacial-interglacial cycle .
as hulme has pointed out , this hypothesis takes no account of the possibility of influence from [outside] factors such as global climatic change and the imperfectly understood ocean-atmosphere interrelationships which , as has been discussed in section 1.2.2 , have played a major role in the longer-term glacial-interglacial cycle .

These factors plus preferential marketing arrangements and external financial support for development projects have all contributed to land degradation .
these factors plus preferential marketing arrangements and [outside] financial support for development projects have all contributed to land degradation .

The top , or strategic , level is the most difficult to explore ; the external influences are often unpredictable by formal means .
the top , or strategic , level is the most difficult to explore ; the [outside] influences are often unpredictable by formal means .

An alternative approach to real-time monitoring is to develop software capable of receiving data from external monitoring systems .
an alternative approach to real-time monitoring is to develop software capable of receiving data from [outside] monitoring systems .

All external things are beyond a man 's absolute control — stronger men in greater numbers may thwart any aim , at any moment disaster can intervene , fortune is always fickle , and death is always at hand .
all [outside] things are beyond a man 's absolute control — stronger men in greater numbers may thwart any aim , at any moment disaster can intervene , fortune is always fickle , and death is always at hand .

There is first a movement inward by which , instead of living in our surface mind , we break the wall between our external and our subliminal self ; this can be brought about by a gradual effort and discipline or by a vehement transition , sometimes a forceful involuntary rupture — the latter by no means safe for the limited human mind and accustomed to live securely only within its normal limit — but in either way , safe or unsafe , the thing can be done .
there is first a movement inward by which , instead of living in our surface mind , we break the wall between our [outside] and our subliminal self ; this can be brought about by a gradual effort and discipline or by a vehement transition , sometimes a forceful involuntary rupture — the latter by no means safe for the limited human mind and accustomed to live securely only within its normal limit — but in either way , safe or unsafe , the thing can be done .

He reminded the Treasury that in 1856 he had made it a policy that all public buildings in London should be open to competition and not given as a matter of course to one of his officers , and if their Lordships did not want to hold another competition , they could well appoint the winner of the Foreign Office design , as the judges had selected the prize-winning schemes ‘ not only in regard to their external appearance , but more especially on account of the excellence of their internal arrangements ’ .
he reminded the treasury that in 1856 he had made it a policy that all public buildings in london should be open to competition and not given as a matter of course to one of his officers , and if their lordships did not want to hold another competition , they could well appoint the winner of the foreign office design , as the judges had selected the prize-winning schemes ‘ not only in regard to their [outside] appearance , but more especially on account of the excellence of their internal arrangements ’ .

The division of work would be that Scott would have ‘ ( subject to its conformity with internal arrangements ) the general command of the external design , and Wyatt would have ‘ the more especial direction of the interior ’ , except that they should work jointly on certain interiors ‘ of a more public nature such as public halls staircases corridors and what may be called the state apartments ’ .
the division of work would be that scott would have ‘ ( subject to its conformity with internal arrangements ) the general command of the [outside] design , and wyatt would have ‘ the more especial direction of the interior ’ , except that they should work jointly on certain interiors ‘ of a more public nature such as public halls staircases corridors and what may be called the state apartments ’ .

the external design is nevertheless made everywhere to result from the necessities of the interior : the positions of the windows are decided not so much with regard to external effect , as with reference to the rooms they light ; and even the heights of stories will be found to vary in parts to suit internal convenience .
the [outside] design is nevertheless made everywhere to result from the necessities of the interior : the positions of the windows are decided not so much with regard to [outside] effect , as with reference to the rooms they light ; and even the heights of stories will be found to vary in parts to suit internal convenience .

In order to maintain health , both personal and public , much energy has to be directed at maintaining an external environment which is as safe as possible , not only for the present but for future generations to inherit .
in order to maintain health , both personal and public , much energy has to be directed at maintaining an [outside] environment which is as safe as possible , not only for the present but for future generations to inherit .

Throughout history man has been concerned with controlling the external environment or adapting to its vagaries .
throughout history man has been concerned with controlling the [outside] environment or adapting to its vagaries .

During prenatal existence , a safe environment is provided by the mother 's uterus but , from the moment of birth , a baby becomes instantly exposed to all the hazards in the external environment and is totally dependent on adults for the provision of a safe environment in which to thrive and survive .
during prenatal existence , a safe environment is provided by the mother 's uterus but , from the moment of birth , a baby becomes instantly exposed to all the hazards in the [outside] environment and is totally dependent on adults for the provision of a safe environment in which to thrive and survive .

Apart from specific anatomical and physiological disabilities which may make it less easy for the individual to maintain safety , there are many external agents in the environment which can cause injury and disease .
apart from specific anatomical and physiological disabilities which may make it less easy for the individual to maintain safety , there are many [outside] agents in the environment which can cause injury and disease .

However the body has several physical internal mechanisms for combating the adverse external conditions which are an inevitable part of living .
however the body has several physical internal mechanisms for combating the adverse [outside] conditions which are an inevitable part of living .

The intact skin acts as a barrier between the internal and the external environment which contains many potentially harmful agents .
the intact skin acts as a barrier between the internal and the [outside] environment which contains many potentially harmful agents .

The seeds are all the external influences that tend to throw us out of balance and they may affect us on any level of our being ; on the physical level it may be something simple like being exposed to a cold wind , getting soaked in the rain or even some form of trauma .
the seeds are all the [outside] influences that tend to throw us out of balance and they may affect us on any level of our being ; on the physical level it may be something simple like being exposed to a cold wind , getting soaked in the rain or even some form of trauma .

Is it not likely that the healing powers are continually trying to maintain order in the system but once the external stresses reach a certain level this can no longer be done ‘ passively ’ but the very attempt to keep a balance produces outward signs which we generally find uncomfortable and so call disease ; which is literally a lack of ease or disease .
is it not likely that the healing powers are continually trying to maintain order in the system but once the [outside] stresses reach a certain level this can no longer be done ‘ passively ’ but the very attempt to keep a balance produces outward signs which we generally find uncomfortable and so call disease ; which is literally a lack of ease or disease .

Sensitive to external stimuli ; odours , touch , noise , cold etc
sensitive to [outside] stimuli ; odours , touch , noise , cold etc

May be very sensitive to all external stimuli ; odours , touch noise , cold etc .
may be very sensitive to all [outside] stimuli ; odours , touch noise , cold etc .

Over the past three decades , external forces impinging on the family have transformed parents ’ and , therefore , children ’ s lives .
over the past three decades , [outside] forces impinging on the family have transformed parents ’ and , therefore , children ’ s lives .

Lockean ideas provided the footing for American behaviorism , launched by John Watson in the early 1900s and built by B. F. Skinner into a powerful mid-century theoretical force heralding the supremacy of environment in its belief that behavior is shaped by external stimuli .
lockean ideas provided the footing for american behaviorism , launched by john watson in the early 1900s and built by b. f. skinner into a powerful mid-century theoretical force heralding the supremacy of environment in its belief that behavior is shaped by [outside] stimuli .

The new view assumes that many elements , internal and external to the child , work together as a dynamic , synergistic system to aect children ’ s thinking , feeling , and acting .
the new view assumes that many elements , internal and [outside] to the child , work together as a dynamic , synergistic system to aect children ’ s thinking , feeling , and acting .

The sociocultural vision is very dierent from behaviorism , which views development as directly imposed , or shaped , by external forces .
the sociocultural vision is very dierent from behaviorism , which views development as directly imposed , or shaped , by [outside] forces .

Once young children realize that words , gestures , and other symbols are distinct from external reality , they are well on the way to using those representations as effective mental tools , calling on them to overcome impulses .
once young children realize that words , gestures , and other symbols are distinct from [outside] reality , they are well on the way to using those representations as effective mental tools , calling on them to overcome impulses .

The second provides children with powerful external pressures to act in socially desirable ways .
the second provides children with powerful [outside] pressures to act in socially desirable ways .

The government can not coerce religious observance without , as John Locke argued in his first Letter Concerning Toleration ( 1689 ) , corrupting the act of faith into an empty gesture of external compliance .
the government can not coerce religious observance without , as john locke argued in his first letter concerning toleration ( 1689 ) , corrupting the act of faith into an empty gesture of [outside] compliance .

Looking back , individuals who make these choices under social influence are often grateful for the external inducement to do the right thing .
looking back , individuals who make these choices under social influence are often grateful for the [outside] inducement to do the right thing .

At that intermediate external concentration , the cell can be stably in two states , lactose operon active or lactose operon inactive .
at that intermediate [outside] concentration , the cell can be stably in two states , lactose operon active or lactose operon inactive .

Again , slightly convergent flow in state space to buer external and internal noise seems ideal .
again , slightly convergent flow in state space to buer [outside] and internal noise seems ideal .

I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .
i hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of [outside] systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .

For example , “ I am having the experience of a brown color ” ; “ I am aware of the note A-flat. ” These statements were thought to record sense data and to be less susceptible to error than statements about the “ external world ” of chairs , rocks , and legal systems .
for example , “ i am having the experience of a brown color ” ; “ i am aware of the note a-flat. ” these statements were thought to record sense data and to be less susceptible to error than statements about the “ [outside] world ” of chairs , rocks , and legal systems .

Logical atomism sought to reconstruct statements about the external world from logical combinations of atomic statements about sense data .
logical atomism sought to reconstruct statements about the [outside] world from logical combinations of atomic statements about sense data .

If so , no net work would be carried out by the Carnot engine on the external world .
if so , no net work would be carried out by the carnot engine on the [outside] world .

In the Carnot cycle , completion of the work cycle involved the cylinder piston system doing exergonic work on the external world during the power stroke , then the outside world doing work on the cylinder piston system when you pushed on the piston to recompress the working gas .
in the carnot cycle , completion of the work cycle involved the cylinder piston system doing exergonic work on the [outside] world during the power stroke , then the outside world doing work on the cylinder piston system when you pushed on the piston to recompress the working gas .

Inside are splendid mosaics , but most visitors are transfixed by the external views over the descending steps and gardens .
inside are splendid mosaics , but most visitors are transfixed by the [outside] views over the descending steps and gardens .

At the Imperial Conference of 1926 he won the acknowledgement that Canada was autonomous in external affairs and thus not subject to a common , British-dominated policy for the whole Empire .
at the imperial conference of 1926 he won the acknowledgement that canada was autonomous in [outside] affairs and thus not subject to a common , british-dominated policy for the whole empire .

In 1991 , the walls of this nationally important monument were resurfaced with gray concrete , destroying the external character of the building .
in 1991 , the walls of this nationally important monument were resurfaced with gray concrete , destroying the [outside] character of the building .

While this approach has led to great strides in under-standing how treatment works , it may not be practical in the real-world setting of the emergency department and may generate studies with little external validity .
while this approach has led to great strides in under-standing how treatment works , it may not be practical in the real-world setting of the emergency department and may generate studies with little [outside] validity .

In order to get reasonable requirements and uniform adherence in the 5,000 EDs in the country , it will be necessary for an external body like JCAHO to be thinking about this now .
in order to get reasonable requirements and uniform adherence in the 5,000 eds in the country , it will be necessary for an [outside] body like jcaho to be thinking about this now .

Thus , an effective performance management system can be a strategic tool for organizations to drive internal change and achieve external results .
thus , an effective performance management system can be a strategic tool for organizations to drive internal change and achieve [outside] results .

These expectations for senior executives will be critical to keep agencies focused on transforming their cultures to be more results oriented , less hierarchical , and more integrated , and thereby be better positioned to respond to emerging internal and external challenges , improve their performance , and assure their accountability .
these expectations for senior executives will be critical to keep agencies focused on transforming their cultures to be more results oriented , less hierarchical , and more integrated , and thereby be better positioned to respond to emerging internal and [outside] challenges , improve their performance , and assure their accountability .

The executive may have overcome significant organizational challenges , such as coordination with external stakeholders ( e.g. , the National Treasury Employees Union and the Congress ) or insufficient resources .
the executive may have overcome significant organizational challenges , such as coordination with [outside] stakeholders ( e.g. , the national treasury employees union and the congress ) or insufficient resources .

Performance Elements fiscal year 2001 are structured around common performance elements- service delivery , organizational support/teamwork , leadership development , external relations , and workplace responsibilities .
performance elements fiscal year 2001 are structured around common performance elements- service delivery , organizational support/teamwork , leadership development , [outside] relations , and workplace responsibilities .

External relations : The executive builds effective , productive relationships with organizations external to VBA in order to further the department 's goals and interests .
[outside] relations : the executive builds effective , productive relationships with organizations [outside] to vba in order to further the department 's goals and interests .

Some of its external actions may have been designed to serve the economic interests of some of its members but they were not necessarily consistent with the broader public interest , especially in connection with audits involving public companies and public funds .
some of its [outside] actions may have been designed to serve the economic interests of some of its members but they were not necessarily consistent with the broader public interest , especially in connection with audits involving public companies and public funds .

According to a 1997 study performed by a major public accounting firm,1 most CFOs in 1989 were spending 75 to 80 percent of their time on fiduciary issues , essentially external reporting .
according to a 1997 study performed by a major public accounting firm,1 most cfos in 1989 were spending 75 to 80 percent of their time on fiduciary issues , essentially [outside] reporting .

The leading organizations we studied made financial management improvement an entitywide priority by building a foundation of control and accountability that supports external reporting and performance management , providing clear strong executive leadership , and using training to change the organizational culture and engage line management .
the leading organizations we studied made financial management improvement an entitywide priority by building a foundation of control and accountability that supports [outside] reporting and performance management , providing clear strong executive leadership , and using training to change the organizational culture and engage line management .

In addition , the internal controls at these organizations are designed to efficiently meet the control objectives necessary for performance measurement and management as well as external financial reporting .
in addition , the internal controls at these organizations are designed to efficiently meet the control objectives necessary for performance measurement and management as well as [outside] financial reporting .

Creating and maintaining a performance management system required close , consistent , and coordinated attention above and beyond that required for external financial reporting purposes .
creating and maintaining a performance management system required close , consistent , and coordinated attention above and beyond that required for [outside] financial reporting purposes .

In Texas , the ability to produce fairly stated external financial reports was only the first step in building a more effective , resultsoriented government .
in texas , the ability to produce fairly stated [outside] financial reports was only the first step in building a more effective , resultsoriented government .

The internal controls that were considered adequate for external financial reporting were not always sufficient for performance management .
the internal controls that were considered adequate for [outside] financial reporting were not always sufficient for performance management .

Therefore , state agencies , with the help of the State Auditor 's Office , reevaluated and redesigned agency internal controls to meet both external financial reporting and performance management control objectives .
therefore , state agencies , with the help of the state auditor 's office , reevaluated and redesigned agency internal controls to meet both [outside] financial reporting and performance management control objectives .

Because the state routinely receives an unqualified opinion on its CAFR , the State Auditor 's Office and agency internal auditors no longer spend the bulk of their time on control issues related to external financial reporting .
because the state routinely receives an unqualified opinion on its cafr , the state auditor 's office and agency internal auditors no longer spend the bulk of their time on control issues related to [outside] financial reporting .

Redefine the Role of Finance To Better Support Mission Objectives In the private sector , the role of the finance organization historically has centered on oversight and control , focusing on its fiduciary responsibilities and external financial reporting requirements .
redefine the role of finance to better support mission objectives in the private sector , the role of the finance organization historically has centered on oversight and control , focusing on its fiduciary responsibilities and [outside] financial reporting requirements .

According to a 1995 Financial Executives Research Foundation report,5 transaction processing and other routine accounting activities , such as accounts payable , payroll , and external reporting , consume about 69 percent of costs within finance .
according to a 1995 financial executives research foundation report,5 transaction processing and other routine accounting activities , such as accounts payable , payroll , and [outside] reporting , consume about 69 percent of costs within finance .

Many leading organizations have already implemented , or are in the process of implementing an enterprisewide system to integrate financial and operating data to support both management decisionmaking and external reporting requirements .
many leading organizations have already implemented , or are in the process of implementing an enterprisewide system to integrate financial and operating data to support both management decisionmaking and [outside] reporting requirements .

This and other measures are important to ensure that federal systems provide meaningful information for managing and measuring cost and performance as well as preparing external financial reports .
this and other measures are important to ensure that federal systems provide meaningful information for managing and measuring cost and performance as well as preparing [outside] financial reports .

However , in recent years , internal and external audit reports showed that Centrelink had , to some extent , traded quality for timeliness .
however , in recent years , internal and [outside] audit reports showed that centrelink had , to some extent , traded quality for timeliness .

The prevalence of data sharing is evidence of the value provided to agencies when they can obtain and use data from sources external to an individual program 's systems .
the prevalence of data sharing is evidence of the value provided to agencies when they can obtain and use data from sources [outside] to an individual program 's systems .

The organizations that participated in our study used internal and external sources to obtain needed information .
the organizations that participated in our study used internal and [outside] sources to obtain needed information .

Minimizing improper payments often requires the exchange of relevant , reliable , and timely information between individuals and units within an organization and with external entities with oversight and monitoring responsibilities .
minimizing improper payments often requires the exchange of relevant , reliable , and timely information between individuals and units within an organization and with [outside] entities with oversight and monitoring responsibilities .

In addition to working groups , coordination and cooperation with local law enforcement and other sources external to an agency can establish an infrastructure conducive to preventing and detecting fraud .
in addition to working groups , coordination and cooperation with local law enforcement and other sources [outside] to an agency can establish an infrastructure conducive to preventing and detecting fraud .

In addition to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .
in addition to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , [outside] stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .

Foreign Governments Our External Liaison Office contacted our counterparts in 12 countries and two world organizations to explain our study objective and ask for input on activities , if any , each had taken to reduce improper payments in its programs .
foreign governments our [outside] liaison office contacted our counterparts in 12 countries and two world organizations to explain our study objective and ask for input on activities , if any , each had taken to reduce improper payments in its programs .

As we have reported before when looking at Performance management reform efforts , it is difficult to disentangle the effects of numerous initiatives and external factors that affect each agency'sImprovements environment.23 For example , external factors such as legislative changes that resulted in reopening nearly 100,000 veterans ' claims and the increasing complexity of these claims have affected VBA 's results in addressing its claims backlog .
as we have reported before when looking at performance management reform efforts , it is difficult to disentangle the effects of numerous initiatives and [outside] factors that affect each agency'simprovements environment.23 for example , [outside] factors such as legislative changes that resulted in reopening nearly 100,000 veterans ' claims and the increasing complexity of these claims have affected vba 's results in addressing its claims backlog .

To maximize the value of expenditures on external training and events , one central group required staff members who attended these events to brief others in the central group on what they had learned .
to maximize the value of expenditures on [outside] training and events , one central group required staff members who attended these events to brief others in the central group on what they had learned .

It may be an external event that involves interaction between an entity and its environment , such as a transaction with another entity , an act of nature , theft , vandalism , a tort caused by negligence , or an accident .
it may be an [outside] event that involves interaction between an entity and its environment , such as a transaction with another entity , an act of nature , theft , vandalism , a tort caused by negligence , or an accident .

TRANSACTION - A particular kind of external event involving the transfer of something of value concerning two or more entities .
transaction - a particular kind of [outside] event involving the transfer of something of value concerning two or more entities .

Further , agencies must be alert to the environment in which they operate ; in their strategic plans , they are required to identify the external factors that could affect their ability to accomplish what they set out to do .
further , agencies must be alert to the environment in which they operate ; in their strategic plans , they are required to identify the [outside] factors that could affect their ability to accomplish what they set out to do .

Organizations must ( 1 ) involve their stakeholders ; ( 2 ) assess their internal and external environments ; and ( 3 ) align their activities , core processes , and resources to support mission-related outcomes .
organizations must ( 1 ) involve their stakeholders ; ( 2 ) assess their internal and [outside] environments ; and ( 3 ) align their activities , core processes , and resources to support mission-related outcomes .

In contrast , the successful organizations we studied monitor their internal and external environments continuously and systematically .
in contrast , the successful organizations we studied monitor their internal and [outside] environments continuously and systematically .

Both the external and internal environments are important , and neither can be viewed independently of the other .
both the [outside] and internal environments are important , and neither can be viewed independently of the other .

Assessing the external environment is particularly important , in part because so many external forces that fall beyond an organization 's influence can powerfully affect its chances for success .
assessing the [outside] environment is particularly important , in part because so many [outside] forces that fall beyond an organization 's influence can powerfully affect its chances for success .

For organizations both public and private , external forces can include newly emerging economic , social , and technological trends and new statutory , regulatory , and judicial requirements .
for organizations both public and private , [outside] forces can include newly emerging economic , social , and technological trends and new statutory , regulatory , and judicial requirements .

Customs ' strategic planning efforts now focus on the dramatic changes occurring in its external and internal environments and on the equally dramatic changes the agency will need to make in response .
customs ' strategic planning efforts now focus on the dramatic changes occurring in its [outside] and internal environments and on the equally dramatic changes the agency will need to make in response .

By assessing its external and internal environments , the agency came to see that its traditional ways of pursuing its mission were no longer viable and that major changes would be needed .
by assessing its [outside] and internal environments , the agency came to see that its traditional ways of pursuing its mission were no longer viable and that major changes would be needed .

Federal agencies must determine what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and external information users and include only the information the users require.19 Most important , agency managers need performance information to ensure that programs meet intended goals , assess the efficiency of processes , and promote continuous improvement .
federal agencies must determine what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and [outside] information users and include only the information the users require.19 most important , agency managers need performance information to ensure that programs meet intended goals , assess the efficiency of processes , and promote continuous improvement .

Another VHA data analysis effort is the External Peer Review Program .
another vha data analysis effort is the [outside] peer review program .

Preface Computer-processed data , often from external sources , increasingly underpin audit reports , including evaluations ( performance audits ) and financial audits .
preface computer-processed data , often from [outside] sources , increasingly underpin audit reports , including evaluations ( performance audits ) and financial audits .

Information on best practices of boards would be useful to help improve board operations , for example in areas of improving communications with management and using external advisors .
information on best practices of boards would be useful to help improve board operations , for example in areas of improving communications with management and using [outside] advisors .

In addition , board members have a responsibility to educate themselves about the company 's operations and plans and to seek advice of external experts , when and as appropriate .
in addition , board members have a responsibility to educate themselves about the company 's operations and plans and to seek advice of [outside] experts , when and as appropriate .

Participants believed that the board has a responsibility to educate itself through the use of external advisors or other means and not rely solely on information provided by management .
participants believed that the board has a responsibility to educate itself through the use of [outside] advisors or other means and not rely solely on information provided by management .

Some best practices include focusing on improving communications with management and using external advisors .
some best practices include focusing on improving communications with management and using [outside] advisors .

Audit committees should not only oversee both internal and external auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .
audit committees should not only oversee both internal and [outside] auditors , but also be proactively involved in understanding issues related to the complexity of the business , and , when appropriate , challenge management through discussion of choices regarding complex accounting , financial reporting , and auditing issues .

A point was also made that the role of the internal auditors , specifically their cooperation and coordination with the external auditors and the board of directors , should be improved , which ultimately could improve the quality of financial reporting and the external audit .
a point was also made that the role of the internal auditors , specifically their cooperation and coordination with the [outside] auditors and the board of directors , should be improved , which ultimately could improve the quality of financial reporting and the [outside] audit .

An SEC registrant must file a Form 8-K when its external auditor resigns , declines to stand for reelection , or is dismissed .
an sec registrant must file a form 8-k when its [outside] auditor resigns , declines to stand for reelection , or is dismissed .

It describes our role and mission in the federal government ; the core values that guide our work ; the trends , conditions , and external factors underlying our plan ; and our goals , objectives , and strategies for serving the Congress .
it describes our role and mission in the federal government ; the core values that guide our work ; the trends , conditions , and [outside] factors underlying our plan ; and our goals , objectives , and strategies for serving the congress .

The changes were primarily designed to better align our resources with our strategic plan , eliminate a layer of managerial hierarchy , reduce the number of organizational units , increase internal and external coordination activities with the Congress and other accountability organizations , clarify the roles and responsibilities of management , increase the number of personnel who perform rather than manage or review work , and increase the critical mass and enhance the flexibility of field resources .
the changes were primarily designed to better align our resources with our strategic plan , eliminate a layer of managerial hierarchy , reduce the number of organizational units , increase internal and [outside] coordination activities with the congress and other accountability organizations , clarify the roles and responsibilities of management , increase the number of personnel who perform rather than manage or review work , and increase the critical mass and enhance the flexibility of field resources .

Require external consultants/internal specialists that are responsible for following GAGAS in planning and directing an assignment , performing substantial portions of field work , or reporting on the assignment meet CPE requirements ( par .
require [outside] consultants/internal specialists that are responsible for following gagas in planning and directing an assignment , performing substantial portions of field work , or reporting on the assignment meet cpe requirements ( par .

Require that organizations conducting external peer reviews to have received an unqualified opinion on the review of their organization 's system of quality controls ( par .
require that organizations conducting [outside] peer reviews to have received an unqualified opinion on the review of their organization 's system of quality controls ( par .

These general standards encompass the independence of the audit organization and its individual auditors ; the exercise of professional judgment in the performance of work and the preparation of related reports ; the competence of audit staff , including their continuing professional education ; and the existence of quality control systems and external peer reviews .
these general standards encompass the independence of the audit organization and its individual auditors ; the exercise of professional judgment in the performance of work and the preparation of related reports ; the competence of audit staff , including their continuing professional education ; and the existence of quality control systems and [outside] peer reviews .

QUALITY CONTROL AND ASSURANCE 3.19 The fourth general standard is : Each audit organization performing assignments in accordance with GAGAS should have an appropriate internal quality control system in place and should undergo an external peer review .
quality control and assurance 3.19 the fourth general standard is : each audit organization performing assignments in accordance with gagas should have an appropriate internal quality control system in place and should undergo an [outside] peer review .

An organization is not permitted to review the organization that conducted its most recent external peer review .
an organization is not permitted to review the organization that conducted its most recent [outside] peer review .

Audit organizations should have an external peer review conducted within 3 years from the date they start ( that is , start of field work ) their first assignment in accordance with GAGAS .
audit organizations should have an [outside] peer review conducted within 3 years from the date they start ( that is , start of field work ) their first assignment in accordance with gagas .

Subsequent external peer reviews should be conducted every 3 years .
subsequent [outside] peer reviews should be conducted every 3 years .

Any extensions of these time frames to meet the external peer review requirements can only be granted by GAO and should only be requested for extraordinary circumstances .
any extensions of these time frames to meet the [outside] peer review requirements can only be granted by gao and should only be requested for extraordinary circumstances .

Information in the external peer review report often would be relevant to decisions on procuring audit or attestation engagement services .
information in the [outside] peer review report often would be relevant to decisions on procuring audit or attestation engagement services .

Audit organizations also should transmit their external peer review reports to appropriate oversight bodies .
audit organizations also should transmit their [outside] peer review reports to appropriate oversight bodies .

In some circumstances , auditors should report fraud and illegal acts directly to parties external to the audited entity .
in some circumstances , auditors should report fraud and illegal acts directly to parties [outside] to the audited entity .

If the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if the officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practicable after the auditors ' communication with the entity 's governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud or illegal acts directly to the [outside] party specified in the law or regulation .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 5.35 An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 5.35 an additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including [outside] funding organizations such as legislative bodies , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Report Issuance and Distribution 6.39 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : Auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 6.39 an additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : auditors should submit written reports on the attestation engagement to the appropriate officials of the audited entity and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the engagement , including [outside] funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

Auditors can obtain evidence concerning the other auditors ' qualifications10 and independence through prior experience , inquiry , and/or review of the other auditors ' external quality control review report .
auditors can obtain evidence concerning the other auditors ' qualifications10 and independence through prior experience , inquiry , and/or review of the other auditors ' [outside] quality control review report .

An audit report is improved when it provides sufficient contextual sophistication to reflect an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the external environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .
an audit report is improved when it provides sufficient contextual sophistication to reflect an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the [outside] environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .

If officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the external party specified in the law or regulation .
if officials of the audited entity do not make the required report as soon as practical after the auditors ' communication with its governing body , then the auditors should report the fraud and illegal acts directly to the [outside] party specified in the law or regulation .

REPORT ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 8.52 The fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : Audit organizations should submit audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including external funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .
report issuance and distribution 8.52 the fourth reporting standard for performance audits is : audit organizations should submit audit reports to the appropriate officials of the audited program and to the appropriate officials of the organizations requiring or arranging for the audits , including [outside] funding organizations , unless legal restrictions prevent it .

To maximize the value of expenditures on external training and events , one central group required staff members who attended these events to brief others in the central group on what they had learned .
to maximize the value of expenditures on [outside] training and events , one central group required staff members who attended these events to brief others in the central group on what they had learned .

We also will leverage new teams to focus on external issues important to our many stakeholders , and on methodological issues , and strategic studies .
we also will leverage new teams to focus on [outside] issues important to our many stakeholders , and on methodological issues , and strategic studies .

Specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to assets , computers , and networks by external persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .
specific control activities include frequent changes of dial-up numbers ; use of dial-back access ; restrictions on users to allow access only to system functions that they need ; software and hardware `` firewalls '' to restrict access to assets , computers , and networks by [outside] persons ; and frequent changes of passwords and deactivation of former employees ' passwords .

For an entity to run and control its operations , it must have relevant , reliable , and timely communications relating to internal as well as external events .
for an entity to run and control its operations , it must have relevant , reliable , and timely communications relating to internal as well as [outside] events .

Financial information is needed for both external and internal uses .
financial information is needed for both [outside] and internal uses .

It is required to develop financial statements for periodic external reporting , and , on a day-to-day basis , to make operating decisions , montinor performance , and allocate resources .
it is required to develop financial statements for periodic [outside] reporting , and , on a day-to-day basis , to make operating decisions , montinor performance , and allocate resources .

In additional to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , external stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .
in additional to internal communications , management should ensure there are adequate means of communicating with , and obtaining information from , [outside] stakeholders that may have a significant impact on the agency achieving its goals .

Separate evaluations also may be performed by the agency Inspector General or an external auditor .
separate evaluations also may be performed by the agency inspector general or an [outside] auditor .

Comments will not be shared with anyone else , including congressional staff not associated with the request , the media , or other external parties , until the report is released and posted on GAO 's Web site www.gao.gov .
comments will not be shared with anyone else , including congressional staff not associated with the request , the media , or other [outside] parties , until the report is released and posted on gao 's web site www.gao.gov .

Generally accepted government auditing standards make GAO analysts and financial auditors responsible for planning , conducting , and reporting their work in a timely manner without internal or external impairments to the work .
generally accepted government auditing standards make gao analysts and financial auditors responsible for planning , conducting , and reporting their work in a timely manner without internal or [outside] impairments to the work .

The second was in the combination of case study methods with other methods , particularly surveys , in order to achieve the generalizability that evaluators called `` external validity . ''
the second was in the combination of case study methods with other methods , particularly surveys , in order to achieve the generalizability that evaluators called `` [outside] validity . ''

External Validity The extent to which a finding applies ( or can be generalized ) to persons , objects , settings , or times other than those that were the subject of study .
[outside] validity the extent to which a finding applies ( or can be generalized ) to persons , objects , settings , or times other than those that were the subject of study .

Although approaches vary , leading organizations develop measures with a focus toward improving not only internal IT performance but also external relationships with technology users and the overall business .
although approaches vary , leading organizations develop measures with a focus toward improving not only internal it performance but also [outside] relationships with technology users and the overall business .

External factors , such as market trends , changing technology , and available skills as well as internal legacy structures and corporate ventures , also influence how a CIO organization is formed , aligned , and adjusted to help support the rest of an enterprise .
[outside] factors , such as market trends , changing technology , and available skills as well as internal legacy structures and corporate ventures , also influence how a cio organization is formed , aligned , and adjusted to help support the rest of an enterprise .

Leading organizations decide , as part of a sourcing strategy , whether to provide specific information technology and management services with in-house staff or external providers .
leading organizations decide , as part of a sourcing strategy , whether to provide specific information technology and management services with in-house staff or [outside] providers .

Strategies to Consider An effective CIO organization is a dynamic structure , responding not only to business , mission , and cultural requirements , but also to rapidly changing technologies , elusive skills , and competing resources in the external market environment .
strategies to consider an effective cio organization is a dynamic structure , responding not only to business , mission , and cultural requirements , but also to rapidly changing technologies , elusive skills , and competing resources in the [outside] market environment .

External market forces and internal legacies influence the types of skills available to a CIO organization .
[outside] market forces and internal legacies influence the types of skills available to a cio organization .

When professionals with the necessary skills can not be hired , these organizations supplement the existing workforce with external information resources .
when professionals with the necessary skills can not be hired , these organizations supplement the existing workforce with [outside] information resources .

CRITICAL ISSUES After identifying the benefits and challenges of focusing on diversity and developing strategies to maximize the benefits and overcome the challenges , participants identified internal and external issues that they wanted to spend more time discussing .
critical issues after identifying the benefits and challenges of focusing on diversity and developing strategies to maximize the benefits and overcome the challenges , participants identified internal and [outside] issues that they wanted to spend more time discussing .

Organisms should be shielded from external disturbances .
organisms should be shielded from [outside] disturbances .

Organisms should be shielded from external disturbances .
organisms should be shielded from [outside] disturbances .

The draft results of the study under subsection ( a ) and related technical documents shall be subject to an independent and external peer review in accordance with this section .
the draft results of the study under subsection ( a ) and related technical documents shall be subject to an independent and [outside] peer review in accordance with this section .

In recent years an external measurement system for First-Class Mail has been developed and one now exists for Priority , but actual service levels for most other subclasses have been a great unknown .
in recent years an [outside] measurement system for first-class mail has been developed and one now exists for priority , but actual service levels for most other subclasses have been a great unknown .

In March 2001 , the CIA 's briefing slides for Rice were still describing the CIA 's `` preliminary judgment '' that a `` strong circumstantial case '' could be made against al Qaeda but noting that the CIA continued to lack `` conclusive information on external command and control '' of the attack .
in march 2001 , the cia 's briefing slides for rice were still describing the cia 's `` preliminary judgment '' that a `` strong circumstantial case '' could be made against al qaeda but noting that the cia continued to lack `` conclusive information on [outside] command and control '' of the attack .

One was to rely on al Qaeda sympathizers in specific foreign branch offices of large , international charities-particularly those with lax external oversight and ineffective internal controls , such as the Saudi-based al Haramain Islamic Foundation .
one was to rely on al qaeda sympathizers in specific foreign branch offices of large , international charities-particularly those with lax [outside] oversight and ineffective internal controls , such as the saudi-based al haramain islamic foundation .

For NORAD 's defining its job as defending against external attacks , see Ralph Eberhart interview ( Mar .
for norad 's defining its job as defending against [outside] attacks , see ralph eberhart interview ( mar .

That mission does not distinguish between internal and external threats ; but because NORAD was created to counter the Soviet threat , it came to define its job as defending against external attacks .
that mission does not distinguish between internal and [outside] threats ; but because norad was created to counter the soviet threat , it came to define its job as defending against [outside] attacks .

The mucous membrane barrier traps microorganisms , and the cilia present on the epithelial cells assist in sweeping the microbes towards the external openings of the respiratory and gastrointestinal tracts .
the mucous membrane barrier traps microorganisms , and the cilia present on the epithelial cells assist in sweeping the microbes towards the [outside] openings of the respiratory and gastrointestinal tracts .

For ease of study in the laboratory , the stress responses are often provoked by the external addition of chemical oxidants that specifically elevate the levels of reactive oxygen species within cells , or by the use of mutant strains that disrupt the normal “ homeostatic mechanisms ” for removing reactive oxygen species or the damage they do .
for ease of study in the laboratory , the stress responses are often provoked by the [outside] addition of chemical oxidants that specifically elevate the levels of reactive oxygen species within cells , or by the use of mutant strains that disrupt the normal “ homeostatic mechanisms ” for removing reactive oxygen species or the damage they do .

The number of researchers under 35 years of age receiving a first RO1 grant , the main NIH mechanism for external funding , in any field , is below 4 % .
the number of researchers under 35 years of age receiving a first ro1 grant , the main nih mechanism for [outside] funding , in any field , is below 4 % .

To help us answer such questions , and to advise us on individual cases for which we are concerned about competing interests or broader ethical questions , we have appointed an external advisory group .
to help us answer such questions , and to advise us on individual cases for which we are concerned about competing interests or broader ethical questions , we have appointed an [outside] advisory group .

That said , without a list of specific projects , project leaders , and a time frame for achieving or at least evaluating specific goals , it will be impossible to define success and failure , review progress , and assure internal and external accountability .
that said , without a list of specific projects , project leaders , and a time frame for achieving or at least evaluating specific goals , it will be impossible to define success and failure , review progress , and assure internal and [outside] accountability .

The combination of external stigma and internal oppression of the self may impose a heavy burden .
the combination of [outside] stigma and internal oppression of the self may impose a heavy burden .

Enlightened HIV prevention and care interventions ( Figure 2 ) will empower the stigmatized through health education that lifts self-blame and shifts opprobrium to external , self-serving forces .
enlightened hiv prevention and care interventions ( figure 2 ) will empower the stigmatized through health education that lifts self-blame and shifts opprobrium to [outside] , self-serving forces .

Hopkins 's group is now collaborating with 25 external laboratories on the annotation of the mutant collection with funding from the National Center for Research Resources , part of the United States National Institutes of Health .
hopkins 's group is now collaborating with 25 [outside] laboratories on the annotation of the mutant collection with funding from the national center for research resources , part of the united states national institutes of health .

Skeletal muscle demonstrates a remarkable plasticity , adapting to a variety of external stimuli ( Booth and Thomason 1991 ; Chibalin et al .
skeletal muscle demonstrates a remarkable plasticity , adapting to a variety of [outside] stimuli ( booth and thomason 1991 ; chibalin et al .

With so many external variables influencing distance estimation , it seems unlikely that the honeybee odometer would be very robust in natural conditions .
with so many [outside] variables influencing distance estimation , it seems unlikely that the honeybee odometer would be very robust in natural conditions .

This is consistent with the hypothesis that the bees ' odometer is largely based on visual , external cues and demonstrates that this system is sensitive to visual contrast .
this is consistent with the hypothesis that the bees ' odometer is largely based on visual , [outside] cues and demonstrates that this system is sensitive to visual contrast .

Ross McKinney 's Viewpoint : Universities Should Be Allowed , Provided the Trial Is Approved by an External Review Board One of the principal missions of an academic health center is to advance the understanding and treatment of disease through clinical research .
ross mckinney 's viewpoint : universities should be allowed , provided the trial is approved by an [outside] review board one of the principal missions of an academic health center is to advance the understanding and treatment of disease through clinical research .

This external IRB could be either an independent commercial IRB or one of another university .
this [outside] irb could be either an independent commercial irb or one of another university .

McKinney 's approach for dealing with institutional conflicts of interest depends critically on the engagement of external agents to monitor closely both scientific integrity and the welfare of human participants .
mckinney 's approach for dealing with institutional conflicts of interest depends critically on the engagement of [outside] agents to monitor closely both scientific integrity and the welfare of human participants .

Other theories regard stuttering as a learned behavior resulting from disadvantageous external , usually parental , reactions to normal childhood dysfluencies ( Johnson 1955 ) .
other theories regard stuttering as a learned behavior resulting from disadvantageous [outside] , usually parental , reactions to normal childhood dysfluencies ( johnson 1955 ) .

All these procedures involve an external signal ( i.e. , other readers in chorus reading , the music in singing , and the metronome itself ) .
all these procedures involve an [outside] signal ( i.e. , other readers in chorus reading , the music in singing , and the metronome itself ) .

All these external signals feed into the “ speech production system ” through the auditory cortex .
all these [outside] signals feed into the “ speech production system ” through the auditory cortex .

It is thus possible that this external trigger signal reaches speech-producing central brain areas by circumventing the frontocentral disconnection and is able to resynchronize frontocentral decorrelated activity .
it is thus possible that this [outside] trigger signal reaches speech-producing central brain areas by circumventing the frontocentral disconnection and is able to resynchronize frontocentral decorrelated activity .

In simple terms , these external cues can be seen as an external “ pacemaker . ”
in simple terms , these [outside] cues can be seen as an [outside] “ pacemaker . ”

Proficient brain control of an external device or actuator should be achievable through training using any combination of visual , tactile , or auditory feedback .
proficient brain control of an [outside] device or actuator should be achievable through training using any combination of visual , tactile , or auditory feedback .

As Pascual and Dobson say in their Perspective article on this study , “ Sultan and colleagues ' study is exceptional in that it illustrates a clear relationship between an external environmental variable and the initiation of disease outbreaks. ” How do climatic changes influence disease ?
as pascual and dobson say in their perspective article on this study , “ sultan and colleagues ' study is exceptional in that it illustrates a clear relationship between an [outside] environmental variable and the initiation of disease outbreaks. ” how do climatic changes influence disease ?

PSMs are “ industry relevant ” by design , with external advisory committees populated by local business leaders , weekly colloquia led by corporate representatives , special arrangements for employed students , and industry internships or final projects exploring realistic business scenarios ( see Box 2 ) .
psms are “ industry relevant ” by design , with [outside] advisory committees populated by local business leaders , weekly colloquia led by corporate representatives , special arrangements for employed students , and industry internships or final projects exploring realistic business scenarios ( see box 2 ) .

In addition to rotary biomolecular motors , proteins that undergo substantial conformational changes in response to external stimuli might also find some interesting uses in nanoarrays .
in addition to rotary biomolecular motors , proteins that undergo substantial conformational changes in response to [outside] stimuli might also find some interesting uses in nanoarrays .

Size and temperature even explain much of the variation in mortality rates between species—which one might have thought to be strongly dependent on external factors such as predators—perhaps through metabolism 's influence on aging processes , such as free-radical damage to the genome .
size and temperature even explain much of the variation in mortality rates between species—which one might have thought to be strongly dependent on [outside] factors such as predators—perhaps through metabolism 's influence on aging processes , such as free-radical damage to the genome .

External inputs are in the bottom row .
[outside] inputs are in the bottom row .

In principle , a wide range of 2D patterns could be generated with the same set of molecules and the same strategy , changing only the first row of the assembly , which specifies the external inputs .
in principle , a wide range of 2d patterns could be generated with the same set of molecules and the same strategy , changing only the first row of the assembly , which specifies the [outside] inputs .

The Complexity of Infectious Disease Dynamics Sultan and colleagues ' study is exceptional in that it illustrates a clear relationship between an external environmental variable and the initiation of disease outbreaks .
the complexity of infectious disease dynamics sultan and colleagues ' study is exceptional in that it illustrates a clear relationship between an [outside] environmental variable and the initiation of disease outbreaks .

The school will devote the year to educating both internal and external groups about advancements in oral health care and how those advancements benefit citizens from around the state and elsewhere .
the school will devote the year to educating both internal and [outside] groups about advancements in oral health care and how those advancements benefit citizens from around the state and elsewhere .

I suppose that as a neonate I had little choice in what happened to me and must have felt breast , warmth , wetness , fullness without clear ideas of internal vs. external origins .
i suppose that as a neonate i had little choice in what happened to me and must have felt breast , warmth , wetness , fullness without clear ideas of internal vs. [outside] origins .

Through his camera , the external world becomes transfigured by emotion , so that everything -- even what might not be literally true -- seems real .
through his camera , the [outside] world becomes transfigured by emotion , so that everything -- even what might not be literally true -- seems real .

The Daily Telegraph reported on its front page Wednesday that MI6 , the British external espionage service , was having to consider withdrawing its man in Prague after Czech newspapers identified him as a homosexual living in the city with another man .
the daily telegraph reported on its front page wednesday that mi6 , the british [outside] espionage service , was having to consider withdrawing its man in prague after czech newspapers identified him as a homosexual living in the city with another man .

Rothchild wrote that the `` external threat '' to Jordan does not seem especially grave at the moment , though there is the risk of Iraqi subversion with so many Iraqi exiles on Jordanian soil and at its borders .
rothchild wrote that the `` [outside] threat '' to jordan does not seem especially grave at the moment , though there is the risk of iraqi subversion with so many iraqi exiles on jordanian soil and at its borders .

Egypt `` can not accept any new aggression against Iraq ... and can not accept the principle of external interference in a state 's affairs whatever regime it may have , especially when that intervention lacks any international cover or consensus . ''
egypt `` can not accept any new aggression against iraq ... and can not accept the principle of [outside] interference in a state 's affairs whatever regime it may have , especially when that intervention lacks any international cover or consensus . ''

Natural erections are elicited by the neural signaling of nitric acid , which in turn is triggered by some desire , or thought , or external stimuli .
natural erections are elicited by the neural signaling of nitric acid , which in turn is triggered by some desire , or thought , or [outside] stimuli .

Although their external radiation levels are quite low , he said , `` the internal radiation source damages various types of cells in the human body , destroys chromosomes and affects the reproductive system . ''
although their [outside] radiation levels are quite low , he said , `` the internal radiation source damages various types of cells in the human body , destroys chromosomes and affects the reproductive system . ''

The first is an absorbing , low-budget art movie about conjoined twins , the weaker of whom is dying and mordant , the other torn ( so to speak ) between loyalty to his brother and a tenuous connection to the external world -- embodied in part by a prostitute ( Michele Hicks ) who looks like Bridget Fonda as Vampira and acts like a slightly less wooden porn star .
the first is an absorbing , low-budget art movie about conjoined twins , the weaker of whom is dying and mordant , the other torn ( so to speak ) between loyalty to his brother and a tenuous connection to the [outside] world -- embodied in part by a prostitute ( michele hicks ) who looks like bridget fonda as vampira and acts like a slightly less wooden porn star .

In 1987 there was still a significant external threat to the nation and a 40 year tradition of global competition over ideas and issues .
in 1987 there was still a significant [outside] threat to the nation and a 40 year tradition of global competition over ideas and issues .

Most importantly , they will not understand the function of the external funds being provided by the International Monetary Fund and some countries , or where the whole process is heading .
most importantly , they will not understand the function of the [outside] funds being provided by the international monetary fund and some countries , or where the whole process is heading .

A person 's psychological and emotional stance , not external events , is what mainly determines his possibility of enjoying a golden day .
a person 's psychological and emotional stance , not [outside] events , is what mainly determines his possibility of enjoying a golden day .

Over time , however , as the power of authoritative institutions waned -- church , state , even family -- I was increasingly struck by the reality that while many have handled their `` moral freedom '' responsibly , many others have used lack of external constraints to exploit and prey on others -- personally , financially , sexually , violently , etc .
over time , however , as the power of authoritative institutions waned -- church , state , even family -- i was increasingly struck by the reality that while many have handled their `` moral freedom '' responsibly , many others have used lack of [outside] constraints to exploit and prey on others -- personally , financially , sexually , violently , etc .

A more in-depth view would recognize that when the basic framework of a society disintegrates , external food supplies may just lead to additional reproduction , and thus more widespread starvation .
a more in-depth view would recognize that when the basic framework of a society disintegrates , [outside] food supplies may just lead to additional reproduction , and thus more widespread starvation .

Everybody leads with the decision by Indonesia to allow an armed external peacekeeping force into East Timor .
everybody leads with the decision by indonesia to allow an armed [outside] peacekeeping force into east timor .

I do n't think the series can continue to be as interesting if the menaces he faces continue to be strictly external .
i do n't think the series can continue to be as interesting if the menaces he faces continue to be strictly [outside] .

According to the Times , the presidential commission says that patients ' rights should include the right to an external review of denials of care or coverage by insurers and HMOs , and the right to such information as how often and how successfully a doctor has performed a procedure .
according to the times , the presidential commission says that patients ' rights should include the right to an [outside] review of denials of care or coverage by insurers and hmos , and the right to such information as how often and how successfully a doctor has performed a procedure .

You can imagine the voice successively issuing from a pulpit , a bullhorn , an onionskin page , a teletype , a Victrola -- and then suddenly there 's the author , speaking plainly as himself , `` I suggest that art is always a meditation upon external reality rather than a representation of external reality or a jackleg attempt to 'be ' external reality . ''
you can imagine the voice successively issuing from a pulpit , a bullhorn , an onionskin page , a teletype , a victrola -- and then suddenly there 's the author , speaking plainly as himself , `` i suggest that art is always a meditation upon [outside] reality rather than a representation of [outside] reality or a jackleg attempt to 'be ' [outside] reality . ''

The subtlety of the direction is breathtaking , with three moments standing out for me : the bursts of color exploding onto the screen during the opera sequence ; the steadicam shot of Daniel Day Lewis entering the post-opera ball ( with Joanne Woodward 's sublime voice-over ) ; and my favorite , one quick external shot of Pfeiffer 's house , showing it seemingly in the middle of nowhere and saying more in a single shot about her social exclusion than other directors could achieve in three pages of dialogue .
the subtlety of the direction is breathtaking , with three moments standing out for me : the bursts of color exploding onto the screen during the opera sequence ; the steadicam shot of daniel day lewis entering the post-opera ball ( with joanne woodward 's sublime voice-over ) ; and my favorite , one quick [outside] shot of pfeiffer 's house , showing it seemingly in the middle of nowhere and saying more in a single shot about her social exclusion than other directors could achieve in three pages of dialogue .

A piece accuses the Japan External Trade Organization , a U.S.-based Japanese government agency , of snooping on U.S. companies in the United States .
a piece accuses the japan [outside] trade organization , a u.s.-based japanese government agency , of snooping on u.s. companies in the united states .

It makes sense , then , for a browser that can find both internal and external documents to be an integral part of the system -- unless , that is , you regard browsers and operating systems as still basically different things , and view Microsoft as practicing vertical foreclosure under the guise of product enhancement .
it makes sense , then , for a browser that can find both internal and [outside] documents to be an integral part of the system -- unless , that is , you regard browsers and operating systems as still basically different things , and view microsoft as practicing vertical foreclosure under the guise of product enhancement .

There is no obvious answer to the question of whether or not to tie a nation 's currency to some external standard .
there is no obvious answer to the question of whether or not to tie a nation 's currency to some [outside] standard .

While some modern nations have chosen , with reasonable justification , to renounce their monetary autonomy in favor of some external standard , the standard they choose these days is always the currency of another , presumably more responsible , nation .
while some modern nations have chosen , with reasonable justification , to renounce their monetary autonomy in favor of some [outside] standard , the standard they choose these days is always the currency of another , presumably more responsible , nation .

No competitor or other external agent can cause this sort of mortal damage ; to find the culprit , senior management need n't look further than a mirror .
no competitor or other [outside] agent can cause this sort of mortal damage ; to find the culprit , senior management need n't look further than a mirror .

The portraits , in which he used calm observation and academic skill to depict external reality while representing the interior through distortion and paper-tearing physical force , are more troubling than many of the interestingly science-fictional renderings of his visions , for example .
the portraits , in which he used calm observation and academic skill to depict [outside] reality while representing the interior through distortion and paper-tearing physical force , are more troubling than many of the interestingly science-fictional renderings of his visions , for example .

For Omega Logic CEO Lloyd Acheson , uh ... actually it 's hard to figure out why his company would fund an external research laboratory instead of having its own .
for omega logic ceo lloyd acheson , uh ... actually it 's hard to figure out why his company would fund an [outside] research laboratory instead of having its own .

A meaningless job , which anyone could have done , an undistinguished education , a home like any other in a crushingly ordinary neighborhood , a daily commute , no particular vices , and nothing to speak of in the line of contact sexuality -- a white , Anglo-Saxon , middle-class life which , in external respects , was lived by innumerable unmarried sons answerable to family responsibilities , and marked by the lonely longings of a protracted virginity probably not all that unusual at the time , especially when , in Cornell 's case , there were no riddling princesses to overcome his natural shyness and unprepossessing looks .
a meaningless job , which anyone could have done , an undistinguished education , a home like any other in a crushingly ordinary neighborhood , a daily commute , no particular vices , and nothing to speak of in the line of contact sexuality -- a white , anglo-saxon , middle-class life which , in [outside] respects , was lived by innumerable unmarried sons answerable to family responsibilities , and marked by the lonely longings of a protracted virginity probably not all that unusual at the time , especially when , in cornell 's case , there were no riddling princesses to overcome his natural shyness and unprepossessing looks .

There is the kernel of a good idea at work here , namely that macroeconomic or external events -- like , say , a fall in the price of gasoline -- that help one company in an industry will also help others .
there is the kernel of a good idea at work here , namely that macroeconomic or [outside] events -- like , say , a fall in the price of gasoline -- that help one company in an industry will also help others .

You have to keep experimenting with alterations and examining the results as external conditions change over time .
you have to keep experimenting with alterations and examining the results as [outside] conditions change over time .

Breast milk , researchers are finding , is a kind of `` external placenta , '' loaded with hormones masterfully engineered to assist development .
breast milk , researchers are finding , is a kind of `` [outside] placenta , '' loaded with hormones masterfully engineered to assist development .

Oliver Wendell Holmes thought that all people could be classified according to whether they were psychologically `` internal '' or `` external . ''
oliver wendell holmes thought that all people could be classified according to whether they were psychologically `` internal '' or `` [outside] . ''

Much of our conversation , especially in informal settings , is not so much to provide information about the external world as to form social bonds .
much of our conversation , especially in informal settings , is not so much to provide information about the [outside] world as to form social bonds .

Today 's Quote : “ The judgment that we can make given our information is that it 's not probable that there will be an impact on decision-making in Iraq over the course of the next months. -- External Affairs Minister Joe Clark. ” [ From The Province , Vancouver , BC , .
today 's quote : “ the judgment that we can make given our information is that it 's not probable that there will be an impact on decision-making in iraq over the course of the next months. -- [outside] affairs minister joe clark. ” [ from the province , vancouver , bc , .

The diagnosis of Dementia is not made if these symptoms occur only in the presence of reduced ability to maintain or shift attention to external stimuli , as in Delirium ; however , Delirium and Dementia may coexist ... an underlying causative organic factor is always assumed ... Dementia may be progressive , static , or remitting ...
the diagnosis of dementia is not made if these symptoms occur only in the presence of reduced ability to maintain or shift attention to [outside] stimuli , as in delirium ; however , delirium and dementia may coexist ... an underlying causative organic factor is always assumed ... dementia may be progressive , static , or remitting ...

Suffice it to say , after the first thousand pages or so , the plot of Gray 's Anatomy wears thin , even for the most avid reader , and thence emerges the insight -- “ I ca n't remember all this stuff. ” In desperation , I learned such acrostics as novel ( Nerve , Artery , Vein , Empty space , Lymphatic -- inguinal structures , from lateral to medical ) and bitem ( appropriately , the muscles of mastication -- Buccinator , Internal pterygoid , Temporalis , External pterygoid , Masseter ) ; the abecedarius of lead poisoning ( Anemia , Basophilic stippling , Colic , Dementia , Encephalopathy , Foot drop , Gingival pigmentation ) ; and two ( What a waste of precious brain space ! )
suffice it to say , after the first thousand pages or so , the plot of gray 's anatomy wears thin , even for the most avid reader , and thence emerges the insight -- “ i ca n't remember all this stuff. ” in desperation , i learned such acrostics as novel ( nerve , artery , vein , empty space , lymphatic -- inguinal structures , from lateral to medical ) and bitem ( appropriately , the muscles of mastication -- buccinator , internal pterygoid , temporalis , [outside] pterygoid , masseter ) ; the abecedarius of lead poisoning ( anemia , basophilic stippling , colic , dementia , encephalopathy , foot drop , gingival pigmentation ) ; and two ( what a waste of precious brain space ! )

