The firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton , driers , and heaters , and they lay claim to being the first maker ( 1910 ) of boil extraction equipment .
the firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton , driers , and heaters , and they lay claim to being the first maker ( 1910 ) of boil [removal] equipment .

Judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ;
judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential buyers' income , educational level and above all , racial [removal] ; ;

Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately .
now a dentist can recommend [removal] immediately .

Substance Z , an active urinary peptide , was purified by extraction in organic solvents and repeated column chromatography ; ;
substance z , an active urinary peptide , was purified by [removal] in organic solvents and repeated column chromatography ; ;

A reflectance-measuring instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning , whereas Soxhlet extraction is necessary to measure grease removal .
a reflectance-measuring instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning , whereas soxhlet [removal] is necessary to measure grease removal .

Rivers in the region are suffering not only because of the drought , but because of water extraction .
rivers in the region are suffering not only because of the drought , but because of water [removal] .

Gravel extraction has helped reveal the mysteries of Yarnton 's past .
gravel [removal] has helped reveal the mysteries of yarnton 's past .

It 's just been announced that three hundred and thirty workers are to lose their jobs at an oil and gas extraction equipment factory . Cooper Oil Tools are cutting production at the plant in Woodchester
it 's just been announced that three hundred and thirty workers are to lose their jobs at an oil and gas [removal] equipment factory . cooper oil tools are cutting production at the plant in woodchester

Six pound seventy five for an extraction .
six pound seventy five for an [removal] .

‘ With more than 40 million Americans of Irish extraction , there would appear to be a very large potential market for St Patrick 's Day sales .
‘ with more than 40 million americans of irish [removal] , there would appear to be a very large potential market for st patrick 's day sales .

Local protest over coal extraction plans
local protest over coal [removal] plans

The firm has told locals that extraction will last 18 months and that the site will be restored for agricultural use , with considerable tree planting .
the firm has told locals that [removal] will last 18 months and that the site will be restored for agricultural use , with considerable tree planting .

Willie Ferrier , the chairman of Armadale Community Council , said that mineral extraction around Armadale had left its mark .
willie ferrier , the chairman of armadale community council , said that mineral [removal] around armadale had left its mark .

One of the demands of the coal group of MPs is for an end to cheap imports , strict regulations on open-cast extraction and reductions in the import of high-priced French-generated electricity .
one of the demands of the coal group of mps is for an end to cheap imports , strict regulations on open-cast [removal] and reductions in the import of high-priced french-generated electricity .

The extraction and re-presentation of information from published tables is an important statistical activity .
the [removal] and re-presentation of information from published tables is an important statistical activity .

You wa er what you want in here is one tha is tha is what 's e what 's extraction like ? Is it good ?
you wa er what you want in here is one tha is tha is what 's e what 's [removal] like ? is it good ?

Fume extraction engineers .
fume [removal] engineers .

For this reason in the processing of vegetable oils , both in the extraction process and in the production of items such as margarine , food manufacturers like to convert as much of the cis fatty acid component as possible to the trans form .
for this reason in the processing of vegetable oils , both in the [removal] process and in the production of items such as margarine , food manufacturers like to convert as much of the cis fatty acid component as possible to the trans form .

Within a few hours drive of Gwent , for instance , lie some fascinating areas — the Forest of Dean , formerly a major coal-producing area ; Snowdonia , where the evidence of centuries of quarrying and mineral extraction is heaped everywhere ; Pembrokeshire , where pretty fishing villages once exported coal , and Cornwall where mining was once a much bigger earner than cream teas .
within a few hours drive of gwent , for instance , lie some fascinating areas — the forest of dean , formerly a major coal-producing area ; snowdonia , where the evidence of centuries of quarrying and mineral [removal] is heaped everywhere ; pembrokeshire , where pretty fishing villages once exported coal , and cornwall where mining was once a much bigger earner than cream teas .

It is important to note that the source of information , either for the extraction of n-grams or for the creation of a lexicon , requires careful consideration .
it is important to note that the source of information , either for the [removal] of n-grams or for the creation of a lexicon , requires careful consideration .

But though the stream rose on his own land , he had not obtained the proper extraction licence and so got the water free .
but though the stream rose on his own land , he had not obtained the proper [removal] licence and so got the water free .

As the maximum extraction of grape juice or must was also set at one litre of juice per one and a half kilograms of grapes , this production limit could also be expressed as 7,500 kilograms per hectare .
as the maximum [removal] of grape juice or must was also set at one litre of juice per one and a half kilograms of grapes , this production limit could also be expressed as 7,500 kilograms per hectare .

He was merely quoting his old textbook from the Ecole de Viticulture et d'Oenologie at Avize which examines the practices of Champagne in the 1940s ; no doubt , the breakdown of cuvée and taille merely indicated the number of press operations it took , in less sophisticated times , to squeeze out these two parts of extraction .
he was merely quoting his old textbook from the ecole de viticulture et d'oenologie at avize which examines the practices of champagne in the 1940s ; no doubt , the breakdown of cuvée and taille merely indicated the number of press operations it took , in less sophisticated times , to squeeze out these two parts of [removal] .

If British born people of minority ethnic extraction are invisible in statistics on sudden infant deaths ( or any other areas ) we lose the chance to identify accurately both health trends and the health practices that may be associated with specific morbidity or mortality .
if british born people of minority ethnic [removal] are invisible in statistics on sudden infant deaths ( or any other areas ) we lose the chance to identify accurately both health trends and the health practices that may be associated with specific morbidity or mortality .

Glaucoma was the most common reason for treatment ( in 25 ) , followed by cataract extraction ( in 13 ) .
glaucoma was the most common reason for treatment ( in 25 ) , followed by cataract [removal] ( in 13 ) .

In May 1984 the British government granted a licence and planning permission for the extraction of up to one and half million tonnes of lignite a year to Northern Strip Mining , part of the British Burnett and Hallamshire group .
in may 1984 the british government granted a licence and planning permission for the [removal] of up to one and half million tonnes of lignite a year to northern strip mining , part of the british burnett and hallamshire group .

The group formed various subcommittees to examine the effects of talc extraction on tourism and agriculture , as well as the issues of noise , dust and water pollution .
the group formed various subcommittees to examine the effects of talc [removal] on tourism and agriculture , as well as the issues of noise , dust and water pollution .

So Lilian was informed that she was to come to the dentist for an examination . She was not accustomed to ask questions , and obeyed ; Dinah accompanied her , saw her seated in the chair , the anaesthetic given , and the extraction begun ; then for the first time let her own mind admit the possibility that Paul 's illness might have some such origin , that she herself had in that case been the wife of a syphilitic for years , and might have caught it ; that she might lose her face or her mind ; that Robin had inherited it ; and now —
so lilian was informed that she was to come to the dentist for an examination . she was not accustomed to ask questions , and obeyed ; dinah accompanied her , saw her seated in the chair , the anaesthetic given , and the [removal] begun ; then for the first time let her own mind admit the possibility that paul 's illness might have some such origin , that she herself had in that case been the wife of a syphilitic for years , and might have caught it ; that she might lose her face or her mind ; that robin had inherited it ; and now —

As the chief location of tin mining , conditions confirm that an abundance of cheap labour tended to stimulate industrial growth , although naturally mineral extraction has to be carried on where the workable reserves happen to be located , using imported labour if necessary , as , it would seem , was precisely what was done in Penwith .
as the chief location of tin mining , conditions confirm that an abundance of cheap labour tended to stimulate industrial growth , although naturally mineral [removal] has to be carried on where the workable reserves happen to be located , using imported labour if necessary , as , it would seem , was precisely what was done in penwith .

Mineral extraction and quarrying were the only other enterprises producing for more than immediate local demand , though practical considerations must generally have limited the distances stone could be transported .
mineral [removal] and quarrying were the only other enterprises producing for more than immediate local demand , though practical considerations must generally have limited the distances stone could be transported .

Doubtless many iron workers put in a few days at a time on different sites ; until quite recently putting out much of the work to contract in small stints on a ‘ labour-only ’ basis was a regular practice in mineral extraction , so leading tax collectors to class earnings as profits rather than wages .
doubtless many iron workers put in a few days at a time on different sites ; until quite recently putting out much of the work to contract in small stints on a ‘ labour-only ’ basis was a regular practice in mineral [removal] , so leading tax collectors to class earnings as profits rather than wages .

The famous late figurine of a goddess found in a small rural shrine at Gazi wears a diadem embellished with three carefully depicted poppy seed-heads , and they have been cut as if for the extraction of opium .
the famous late figurine of a goddess found in a small rural shrine at gazi wears a diadem embellished with three carefully depicted poppy seed-heads , and they have been cut as if for the [removal] of opium .

On shrinkable soils , such as clay , this continual extraction of water , followed by the absorption of further supplies from rainfalls , causes a certain amount of movement in the surrounding ground .
on shrinkable soils , such as clay , this continual [removal] of water , followed by the absorption of further supplies from rainfalls , causes a certain amount of movement in the surrounding ground .

He concluded that the picture indeed showed the death of a pi-meson , which was important in the history of particle physics , but the idea of capture and energy extraction — not by the pi but by the muon — then began to develop in his mind .
he concluded that the picture indeed showed the death of a pi-meson , which was important in the history of particle physics , but the idea of capture and energy [removal] — not by the pi but by the muon — then began to develop in his mind .

The local economy is overwhelmingly dependent on oil and gas extraction and , more important still , on energy-guzzling industries , with the chemical industry accounting for 41 % of the value-added in the state and oil refining for another 17 % .
the local economy is overwhelmingly dependent on oil and gas [removal] and , more important still , on energy-guzzling industries , with the chemical industry accounting for 41 % of the value-added in the state and oil refining for another 17 % .

The whole setting is thoroughly authenticated and everything leads nicely into Frank 's deep resentment as a worker of Polish extraction gets the promotion that should have been his .
the whole setting is thoroughly authenticated and everything leads nicely into frank 's deep resentment as a worker of polish [removal] gets the promotion that should have been his .

The Lu-Fan is a completely hidden extraction system for toilet pans .
the lu-fan is a completely hidden [removal] system for toilet pans .

In many cases , the most sensible location for an extraction fan is in the ceiling .
in many cases , the most sensible location for an [removal] fan is in the ceiling .

Extraction .
[removal] .

‘ Extraction ’ applies to the form of the communication as well as to the content .
‘ [removal] ’ applies to the form of the communication as well as to the content .

This campaign was directed principally at naturalized Englishmen of German and Jewish extraction who were thought to have conflicting loyalties .
this campaign was directed principally at naturalized englishmen of german and jewish [removal] who were thought to have conflicting loyalties .

The line was once a mineral extraction route constructed mainly for coal mining in the area .
the line was once a mineral [removal] route constructed mainly for coal mining in the area .

The most common problem encountered , however , is subsidence , either in areas of mineral extraction or , more often , when buildings are constructed on made-up ground .
the most common problem encountered , however , is subsidence , either in areas of mineral [removal] or , more often , when buildings are constructed on made-up ground .

Perhaps the most remarkable of all , the Norfolk Broads , which are actually nothing more than the flooded workings of a huge medieval peat extraction industry , have recently been raised to the status of an Environmentally Sensitive Area and given their own Planning Authority .
perhaps the most remarkable of all , the norfolk broads , which are actually nothing more than the flooded workings of a huge medieval peat [removal] industry , have recently been raised to the status of an environmentally sensitive area and given their own planning authority .

Extraction with alcohol is a third method , when the solvent trickles over the plant material , is collected and then distilled to leave the oil as a solid material .
[removal] with alcohol is a third method , when the solvent trickles over the plant material , is collected and then distilled to leave the oil as a solid material .

First , neither the development of the ‘ visible hand ’ in coordinating ‘ vertical ’ flows from the extraction of raw materials through to final sales , nor the rise of the diversified corporation carrying out a planned allocation of resources between different product divisions , abolishes competition between capitalist enterprises .
first , neither the development of the ‘ visible hand ’ in coordinating ‘ vertical ’ flows from the [removal] of raw materials through to final sales , nor the rise of the diversified corporation carrying out a planned allocation of resources between different product divisions , abolishes competition between capitalist enterprises .

The sense of outrage on the part of both Marx and Braverman at the crippling effects ( physical or spiritual ) on many workers of the division of labour within capitalist enterprises is fully justified , but their unitary and rationalistic conception of the total subordination of labour to capital leads them to an overestimation of the role this division of labour must play in the formation of social collectivities : the extraction of any ‘ skill ’ content from labour for the mass of workers ; the homogenisation of ‘ simple labour ’ in all branches of production ; the cheapening of labour power ; increasingly intolerable oppression — these tendencies are bound to overwhelm any secondary differentiation of the workers by branch or by enterprise and lead to the formation of a revolutionary proletariat .
the sense of outrage on the part of both marx and braverman at the crippling effects ( physical or spiritual ) on many workers of the division of labour within capitalist enterprises is fully justified , but their unitary and rationalistic conception of the total subordination of labour to capital leads them to an overestimation of the role this division of labour must play in the formation of social collectivities : the [removal] of any ‘ skill ’ content from labour for the mass of workers ; the homogenisation of ‘ simple labour ’ in all branches of production ; the cheapening of labour power ; increasingly intolerable oppression — these tendencies are bound to overwhelm any secondary differentiation of the workers by branch or by enterprise and lead to the formation of a revolutionary proletariat .

Silicone lubricant enhances recovery of nucleic acids after phenol-chloroform extraction
silicone lubricant enhances recovery of nucleic acids after phenol-chloroform [removal]

Phenol-chloroform extraction is a major step in the purification of nucleic acids .
phenol-chloroform [removal] is a major step in the purification of nucleic acids .

We found a simple and inexpensive method of improving the recovery of the nucleic acid after phenol-chloroform extraction .
we found a simple and inexpensive method of improving the recovery of the nucleic acid after phenol-chloroform [removal] .

Mineral extraction by quarrying and opencast mining also disturbs sites .
mineral [removal] by quarrying and opencast mining also disturbs sites .

Of the various types of mineral extraction , the exploitation of river gravels tends to be the most devastating because in the past river gravels have provided the most attractive environments for settlement , offering fertile soils and an abundant water supply .
of the various types of mineral [removal] , the exploitation of river gravels tends to be the most devastating because in the past river gravels have provided the most attractive environments for settlement , offering fertile soils and an abundant water supply .

Many such sites have been found during the construction of buildings , roads , railways , dams , and so on , as well as during mineral extraction .
many such sites have been found during the construction of buildings , roads , railways , dams , and so on , as well as during mineral [removal] .

Because of this , attempts are made in many areas to examine land destined for construction work or mineral extraction before the work starts and , if possible , to record and even excavate sites threatened with destruction .
because of this , attempts are made in many areas to examine land destined for construction work or mineral [removal] before the work starts and , if possible , to record and even excavate sites threatened with destruction .

North Shields ' traditional sectors are : marine transport ; marine manufacture , including shipbuilding , ship-repair , ‘ offshore ’ work for oil and gas extraction , and related sub-contractors ; and fishing with related food processing .
north shields ' traditional sectors are : marine transport ; marine manufacture , including shipbuilding , ship-repair , ‘ offshore ’ work for oil and gas [removal] , and related sub-contractors ; and fishing with related food processing .

And worse , before an extraction he used to clank about in a tin box , producing a series of hideous forceps and examining them , whistling softly , till he found the right one .
and worse , before an [removal] he used to clank about in a tin box , producing a series of hideous forceps and examining them , whistling softly , till he found the right one .

According to Vo Quy , Vietnam loses nearly 200,000 hectares of forest land annually to forest fires , agricultural clearance , fuelwood needs and timber extraction .
according to vo quy , vietnam loses nearly 200,000 hectares of forest land annually to forest fires , agricultural clearance , fuelwood needs and timber [removal] .

They would think her maternal instinct outraged at the extraction of her child ?
they would think her maternal instinct outraged at the [removal] of her child ?

This power over the working class was achieved at the economic level , through the extraction of surplus value at the point of production , and politically .
this power over the working class was achieved at the economic level , through the [removal] of surplus value at the point of production , and politically .

Any Johnsonian interest Fort Augustus once had has disappeared : the travellers tried an inn here , found it ‘ wretched ’ and stayed with the deputy governor at the fort , a gentleman of French extraction named Trapaud .
any johnsonian interest fort augustus once had has disappeared : the travellers tried an inn here , found it ‘ wretched ’ and stayed with the deputy governor at the fort , a gentleman of french [removal] named trapaud .

There is no record of Osbald 's parentage but a Bernician extraction seems highly probable .
there is no record of osbald 's parentage but a bernician [removal] seems highly probable .

The answer is that three other sectors have provided relief — the revenues of North Sea oil extraction from 1980 ( an activity of limited life ) , the profits from selling services to other countries , and the profits on investment in other countries .
the answer is that three other sectors have provided relief — the revenues of north sea oil [removal] from 1980 ( an activity of limited life ) , the profits from selling services to other countries , and the profits on investment in other countries .

Roessler , or Lucy , was a Swiss Intelligence Officer of German extraction .
roessler , or lucy , was a swiss intelligence officer of german [removal] .

The full extraction of profits from the mine was hampered by the existence in the copper industry of a most powerful cartel , the Associated Smelters , who had controlled prices and profits and dominated the mining interest of Cornwall , the main copper-producing area , for decades .
the full [removal] of profits from the mine was hampered by the existence in the copper industry of a most powerful cartel , the associated smelters , who had controlled prices and profits and dominated the mining interest of cornwall , the main copper-producing area , for decades .

Shanks 's name is permanently associated with the system of vats , known as ‘ Shanks 's vats ’ , introduced in 1861 for the extraction of the soda from black ash in the Leblanc industry for the production of alkali , but these were never the subject of a patent .
shanks 's name is permanently associated with the system of vats , known as ‘ shanks 's vats ’ , introduced in 1861 for the [removal] of the soda from black ash in the leblanc industry for the production of alkali , but these were never the subject of a patent .

, Francis ( 1840–1900 ) , founder of the National Liberal Federation , was born 24 August 1840 in Birmingham , the younger son and second of three children of a draper of German extraction .
, francis ( 1840–1900 ) , founder of the national liberal federation , was born 24 august 1840 in birmingham , the younger son and second of three children of a draper of german [removal] .

Both parents were Americans of Germanic extraction .
both parents were americans of germanic [removal] .

In 1619 , along with other merchants of alien extraction , he was fined in Star Chamber for illegally exporting gold .
in 1619 , along with other merchants of alien [removal] , he was fined in star chamber for illegally exporting gold .

The world 's gold-mining industry was stagnating , refining only about 45 per cent of metal from complex ores : the new process enabled 98 per cent extraction , and was hailed as the saviour of the industry .
the world 's gold-mining industry was stagnating , refining only about 45 per cent of metal from complex ores : the new process enabled 98 per cent [removal] , and was hailed as the saviour of the industry .

, Henry George Bonavia- ( 1847–1917 ) , founder of Trinity College of Music , London , was born 30 June 1847 in Valetta , Malta , the eldest surviving son of William Hunt , former private secretary to the bishop of Jerusalem , and his second wife , Marietta Bonavia , daughter of a Maltese doctor of Italian extraction .
, henry george bonavia- ( 1847–1917 ) , founder of trinity college of music , london , was born 30 june 1847 in valetta , malta , the eldest surviving son of william hunt , former private secretary to the bishop of jerusalem , and his second wife , marietta bonavia , daughter of a maltese doctor of italian [removal] .

… the practical use of geomorphology for the solution of problems where man wishes to transform landforms or to use and change surficial processes … In addition environmental geomorphology includes extraction of surficial materials and protection of certain landscapes , such as beaches , which benefit man .
… the practical use of geomorphology for the solution of problems where man wishes to transform landforms or to use and change surficial processes … in addition environmental geomorphology includes [removal] of surficial materials and protection of certain landscapes , such as beaches , which benefit man .

Although his name , and something in the manner of his paintings , suggest French extraction , Philip Mercier was in fact born in Germany .
although his name , and something in the manner of his paintings , suggest french [removal] , philip mercier was in fact born in germany .

Mineral Extraction
mineral [removal]

Three areas of made ground were present on the line of the road , the most significant of these three being the backfilled quarry area at Straiton which resulted from the extraction of the limestone by opencast methods to a maximum depth of 16 metres .
three areas of made ground were present on the line of the road , the most significant of these three being the backfilled quarry area at straiton which resulted from the [removal] of the limestone by opencast methods to a maximum depth of 16 metres .

The engineer must decide upon the configuration of wells and the extraction method for optimal recovery .
the engineer must decide upon the configuration of wells and the [removal] method for optimal recovery .

In 1981 the Flowers Commission published what is still the most comprehensive report to date on the opencast industry . It was responding to increasing public concern about the high social and environmental costs of this form of coal extraction , and it concluded :
in 1981 the flowers commission published what is still the most comprehensive report to date on the opencast industry . it was responding to increasing public concern about the high social and environmental costs of this form of coal [removal] , and it concluded :

Paragraph 6.15 of the Policy Issues Paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .
paragraph 6.15 of the policy issues paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the [removal] of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .

Paragraph 6.15 of the Policy Issues Paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the extraction of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .
paragraph 6.15 of the policy issues paper indicates that this principle requires minerals planning to ensure that ‘ the net quality of environments affected by the [removal] of aggregates remains constant or improves over time ’ .

The second Mr. Rainsford appears to have got the message and abandoned the trade after five or six years , and he eventually leased the brewery in 1715 to John Paul Espinasse , an ale brewer of Huguenot extraction .
the second mr. rainsford appears to have got the message and abandoned the trade after five or six years , and he eventually leased the brewery in 1715 to john paul espinasse , an ale brewer of huguenot [removal] .

Ecuadorean Amazon threatened by oil extraction scheme
ecuadorean amazon threatened by oil [removal] scheme

Pristine Amazonian forest in Ecuador is being menaced by a major oil extraction project .
pristine amazonian forest in ecuador is being menaced by a major oil [removal] project .

The Countryside Commission is urging the government to introduce legislation to ease the strain on Britain 's ten national parks , under pressure from the growing numbers of visitors and the tourist industry 's interest in development , as well as demands ranging from mineral extraction to military training .
the countryside commission is urging the government to introduce legislation to ease the strain on britain 's ten national parks , under pressure from the growing numbers of visitors and the tourist industry 's interest in development , as well as demands ranging from mineral [removal] to military training .

The spider 's future had come under threat with the lowering of water levels in its fenland habitat , as a result of a prolonged drought and water extraction from a nearby borehole .
the spider 's future had come under threat with the lowering of water levels in its fenland habitat , as a result of a prolonged drought and water [removal] from a nearby borehole .

Reprocessing is a highly technically demanding and extremely expensive operation , involving the extraction of uranium and plutonium from the spent fuel .
reprocessing is a highly technically demanding and extremely expensive operation , involving the [removal] of uranium and plutonium from the spent fuel .

Contrary to expectations , Antarctic Treaty nations agreed on a 50-year ban on mining and mineral extraction as part of a draft protocol concluded at the end of their Madrid meeting .
contrary to expectations , antarctic treaty nations agreed on a 50-year ban on mining and mineral [removal] as part of a draft protocol concluded at the end of their madrid meeting .

At that time , the principal issue was that of regulating territorial claims to the continent ; mining and mineral extraction were not seen as likely economic options .
at that time , the principal issue was that of regulating territorial claims to the continent ; mining and mineral [removal] were not seen as likely economic options .

The Flow Country of Caithness and East Sutherland , a rare wetland habitat which has already been diminished by conifer afforestation , is facing the threat of peat extraction on an industrial scale .
the flow country of caithness and east sutherland , a rare wetland habitat which has already been diminished by conifer afforestation , is facing the threat of peat [removal] on an industrial scale .

Environmentalists claim that industrial peat extraction is one of the most ecologically-ruinous forms of development in such areas , and point out that alternatives to peat exist for both fuel and horticultural purposes .
environmentalists claim that industrial peat [removal] is one of the most ecologically-ruinous forms of development in such areas , and point out that alternatives to peat exist for both fuel and horticultural purposes .

The nuclear industry produces waste streams which contain a variety of radioactive metal ions , the extraction of which minimises radioactive discharges .
the nuclear industry produces waste streams which contain a variety of radioactive metal ions , the [removal] of which minimises radioactive discharges .

Antarctica : pressure mounts for ban on mineral extraction
antarctica : pressure mounts for ban on mineral [removal]

Many cities are sinking either because of natural land movement or because of water extraction from beneath the city .
many cities are sinking either because of natural land movement or because of water [removal] from beneath the city .

Recreational projects such as the development of watersports on estuaries and industrial work including mineral and peat extraction are having an increasing impact on the environment .
recreational projects such as the development of watersports on estuaries and industrial work including mineral and peat [removal] are having an increasing impact on the environment .

They put an upper limit of 4.6 million cubic meters on annual timber extraction .
they put an upper limit of 4.6 million cubic meters on annual timber [removal] .

8 any equipment or apparatus ( for air extraction or otherwise ) that is in or on and that exclusively serves the Premises It is essential that the premises are accurately described in the lease and the tenant should liaise closely with its surveyor for this purpose .
8 any equipment or apparatus ( for air [removal] or otherwise ) that is in or on and that exclusively serves the premises it is essential that the premises are accurately described in the lease and the tenant should liaise closely with its surveyor for this purpose .

Secondly , turbulence of a smaller scale may extract energy from larger-scale motions in a way analogous to the extraction of energy from a mean flow by the turbulence as a whole ( Section 19.3 ) .
secondly , turbulence of a smaller scale may extract energy from larger-scale motions in a way analogous to the [removal] of energy from a mean flow by the turbulence as a whole ( section 19.3 ) .

The stress on mineral extraction has left the settlers ( now almost 10 million as was estimated early in 1982 ) in effect abandoned , and their fate is reported in terms of disputes over land , the sowing of their land with weed seeds from the air and even the poisoning of their drinking water .
the stress on mineral [removal] has left the settlers ( now almost 10 million as was estimated early in 1982 ) in effect abandoned , and their fate is reported in terms of disputes over land , the sowing of their land with weed seeds from the air and even the poisoning of their drinking water .

It is argued that greater care in extraction would lead to a higher price of the timber but , in hill-forest in Sarawak planned systems using directional felling are said to reduce logging damage by half without incurring additional costs .
it is argued that greater care in [removal] would lead to a higher price of the timber but , in hill-forest in sarawak planned systems using directional felling are said to reduce logging damage by half without incurring additional costs .

In Malaysia , for example , there was a change from polycyclic buffalo extraction to monocyclic mechanical extraction : now , dependent on the site , the range of possibilities with these as extremes is considerable .
in malaysia , for example , there was a change from polycyclic buffalo [removal] to monocyclic mechanical [removal] : now , dependent on the site , the range of possibilities with these as extremes is considerable .

It is also likely that chemical weathering is enhanced in the vicinity of roots where carbon dioxide concentrations are likely to be higher and where the extraction of metal cations is occurring .
it is also likely that chemical weathering is enhanced in the vicinity of roots where carbon dioxide concentrations are likely to be higher and where the [removal] of metal cations is occurring .

Lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal extraction ’ problem ( see Sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .
lucas maintains that , in an economy in which all nominal prices are rising , workers face a twofold ‘ signal [removal] ’ problem ( see sheffrin , 1983 ) : ( a ) ascertaining whether the real supply price of labour is changing when all other prices are in a state of flux ; ( b ) evaluating the temporary and permanent components of a change in real wages which , in the light of ( a ) , may accompany across the board changes in prices .

Workers face the signal extraction problem of deciding whether the increase in real wages is transitory or lasting .
workers face the signal [removal] problem of deciding whether the increase in real wages is transitory or lasting .

Extraction of profits by vendor
[removal] of profits by vendor

However , the vendor company may prefer a share sale preceded by an extraction of dividends to depress the value of Target down to the net value of its assets less liabilities .
however , the vendor company may prefer a share sale preceded by an [removal] of dividends to depress the value of target down to the net value of its assets less liabilities .

Opponents of the mining claim more cash could be generated from eco-tourism than titanium extraction .
opponents of the mining claim more cash could be generated from eco-tourism than titanium [removal] .

English Nature has signed an agreement with Fisons plc , under which key areas of lowland peat bogs are to be saved from peat extraction in return for allowing the company to continue its operations in other areas .
english nature has signed an agreement with fisons plc , under which key areas of lowland peat bogs are to be saved from peat [removal] in return for allowing the company to continue its operations in other areas .

The deal has angered environmentalists , who want a complete ban on peat extraction .
the deal has angered environmentalists , who want a complete ban on peat [removal] .

Fisons is to continue taking peat from the remaining bogs over which it has extraction rights for thirty years , leaving only a two foot layer of peat .
fisons is to continue taking peat from the remaining bogs over which it has [removal] rights for thirty years , leaving only a two foot layer of peat .

The Peat Consortium , representing Britain 's leading voluntary wildlife conservation bodies including the Worldwide Fund for Nature , Friends of the Earth and the Royal Society for Nature Conservation , has campaigned for two years to halt extraction from the bogs .
the peat consortium , representing britain 's leading voluntary wildlife conservation bodies including the worldwide fund for nature , friends of the earth and the royal society for nature conservation , has campaigned for two years to halt [removal] from the bogs .

Peat extraction agreement condemned
peat [removal] agreement condemned

It is to include research into the techniques of sustainable timber extraction and the pharmaceutical and genetic potential of the South American country 's forest resources , centred on a newly-established scientific reserve of 3,400 square kilometres , close to the Brazilian border .
it is to include research into the techniques of sustainable timber [removal] and the pharmaceutical and genetic potential of the south american country 's forest resources , centred on a newly-established scientific reserve of 3,400 square kilometres , close to the brazilian border .

Cesar Vinha , 37 , had led a campaign to halt the illegal extraction of sand from a beach at Ponta-da-Fruta in the state .
cesar vinha , 37 , had led a campaign to halt the illegal [removal] of sand from a beach at ponta-da-fruta in the state .

Much of this is threatened , principally by peat extraction for use as compost in gardening and horticulture .
much of this is threatened , principally by peat [removal] for use as compost in gardening and horticulture .

Commercial peat extraction is destroying lowland peatbogs , one of Europe 's most threatened habitats .
commercial peat [removal] is destroying lowland peatbogs , one of europe 's most threatened habitats .

The government is now reported to be planning measures to limit peat extraction through direct purchase of threatened sites , and management agreements to encourage landowners to switch from exploitation to restoration of peat bogs .
the government is now reported to be planning measures to limit peat [removal] through direct purchase of threatened sites , and management agreements to encourage landowners to switch from exploitation to restoration of peat bogs .

Other proposals under consideration include revoking permission for peat extraction ( often operated under old `` interim development orders `` obtained before the current system of planning permission came into effect ) , and imposing a carbon tax on peat production ( reflecting the fact that undeveloped peat bogs act as a carbon sink ) .
other proposals under consideration include revoking permission for peat [removal] ( often operated under old `` interim development orders `` obtained before the current system of planning permission came into effect ) , and imposing a carbon tax on peat production ( reflecting the fact that undeveloped peat bogs act as a carbon sink ) .

, In a paper on population pressure and the environment in sub-XXXX Saharan Africa , the Bank argues that `` in environmentally delicate areas , the extraction of wood for timber or fuel must be eliminated altogether `` .
, in a paper on population pressure and the environment in sub-xxxx saharan africa , the bank argues that `` in environmentally delicate areas , the [removal] of wood for timber or fuel must be eliminated altogether `` .

Work has already started on saving the fen , which is drying out because of the extraction of drinking water from a borehole by the Suffolk Water Company .
work has already started on saving the fen , which is drying out because of the [removal] of drinking water from a borehole by the suffolk water company .

" Extraction , not drought " is killing streams
" [removal] , not drought " is killing streams

Extraction of water by companies rather than below-average rainfall is responsible for the drying out of many of Britain 's streams and rivers , according to Lord Buxton , a leading conservationist .
[removal] of water by companies rather than below-average rainfall is responsible for the drying out of many of britain 's streams and rivers , according to lord buxton , a leading conservationist .

And since extraction for horticulture currently presents the main threat to the bogs , it calls for a major initiative to encourage the use of peat-free growing media and soil conditions .
and since [removal] for horticulture currently presents the main threat to the bogs , it calls for a major initiative to encourage the use of peat-free growing media and soil conditions .

Under the agreement between English Nature and the Fisons chemical company , the country 's main peat producer , around 8,000 acres of peat bogs would be saved from extraction in return for allowing the company to continue its operations in other areas .
under the agreement between english nature and the fisons chemical company , the country 's main peat producer , around 8,000 acres of peat bogs would be saved from [removal] in return for allowing the company to continue its operations in other areas .

and that the term ‘ discrimination ’ includes any distinction , exclusion or preference made on the basis of race , colour , sex , religion , political opinion , national extraction or social origin , which has the effect of nullifying or impairing equality of opportunity or treatment in employment or occupation .
and that the term ‘ discrimination ’ includes any distinction , exclusion or preference made on the basis of race , colour , sex , religion , political opinion , national [removal] or social origin , which has the effect of nullifying or impairing equality of opportunity or treatment in employment or occupation .

So far , apart from his basic research in black burnished wares ( 1973 ) , his work has been confined to peripheral aspects such as imported amphorae ( 1971 ) and the Malvernian wares ( 1968a and 1968b ) which may be important for future work on the major salt extraction at Droitwich .
so far , apart from his basic research in black burnished wares ( 1973 ) , his work has been confined to peripheral aspects such as imported amphorae ( 1971 ) and the malvernian wares ( 1968a and 1968b ) which may be important for future work on the major salt [removal] at droitwich .

Indeed , such progress has not been common to all publishers — some still produce little more than typesetting tapes with cryptic codes labelling the various components of each entry , and little or no accompanying software or documentation for their search or extraction .
indeed , such progress has not been common to all publishers — some still produce little more than typesetting tapes with cryptic codes labelling the various components of each entry , and little or no accompanying software or documentation for their search or [removal] .

Although the extraction of semantic information from dictionary definitions may be considered an objective in itself , many researchers pursue a specific application , or at least have a range of applications in mind .
although the [removal] of semantic information from dictionary definitions may be considered an objective in itself , many researchers pursue a specific application , or at least have a range of applications in mind .

The genus extraction is performed by a limited form of parsing , usually involving the identification of the head of the defining phrase .
the genus [removal] is performed by a limited form of parsing , usually involving the identification of the head of the defining phrase .

Very often this involves no more than manual selection , or simple extraction of the higher frequency words from a distribution taken on the corpus .
very often this involves no more than manual selection , or simple [removal] of the higher frequency words from a distribution taken on the corpus .

One had been given intramuscular ampicillin for a septic cord ; one had had a traumatic caesarean birth ; one had had a difficult birth with vacuum extraction and he also had a ventricular septal defect ; one had a heart murmur ; and one had been premature and in a special care unit with hypotonia and jaundice .
one had been given intramuscular ampicillin for a septic cord ; one had had a traumatic caesarean birth ; one had had a difficult birth with vacuum [removal] and he also had a ventricular septal defect ; one had a heart murmur ; and one had been premature and in a special care unit with hypotonia and jaundice .

But when you need them , you are out of practice with drawing them forth so , by the time you 've got practised , you 're on to a new set of thoughts which needs a different extraction technique — which has to be practised !
but when you need them , you are out of practice with drawing them forth so , by the time you 've got practised , you 're on to a new set of thoughts which needs a different [removal] technique — which has to be practised !

The store is a collection of store locations or words , into each of which the computer can place a piece of information , to be retained for later extraction and use .
the store is a collection of store locations or words , into each of which the computer can place a piece of information , to be retained for later [removal] and use .

In early computers , as mentioned above , input/output ( or transput ) operations were treated in the same way as internal operations ( such as addition ) ; once the operation had been started , the control unit awaited its completion , before continuing with the extraction , decoding , and execution of the next instruction .
in early computers , as mentioned above , input/output ( or transput ) operations were treated in the same way as internal operations ( such as addition ) ; once the operation had been started , the control unit awaited its completion , before continuing with the [removal] , decoding , and execution of the next instruction .

For example , Figure 2.12 ( a `` ) illustrates the extraction of the bottom four bits of a word for further processing .
for example , figure 2.12 ( a `` ) illustrates the [removal] of the bottom four bits of a word for further processing .

It seeks to bridge the gap between the scientific and technical aspects of their occurrence and extraction and their socio-economic impact , both in Britain and worldwide .
it seeks to bridge the gap between the scientific and technical aspects of their occurrence and [removal] and their socio-economic impact , both in britain and worldwide .

Grant pulls up in his car but realises that due to the camber he is unable to get out of his door , so he drives up the road does a three point turn and positions his vehicle to aid his extraction from the car seat to the pavement .
grant pulls up in his car but realises that due to the camber he is unable to get out of his door , so he drives up the road does a three point turn and positions his vehicle to aid his [removal] from the car seat to the pavement .

Extraction of information from appropriate reference sources .
[removal] of information from appropriate reference sources .

Effective cleaning not only reduces risks from pests and food borne diseases , it also improves the efficiency of cooking and extraction equipment .
effective cleaning not only reduces risks from pests and food borne diseases , it also improves the efficiency of cooking and [removal] equipment .

The four concerned are the clothing , leather , timber and mineral extraction industries which show an average 23 % decline in the value of exports .
the four concerned are the clothing , leather , timber and mineral [removal] industries which show an average 23 % decline in the value of exports .

Consent for extraction would be obtained from the Crown Estates Commissioners for Scotland through the Government View Procedure .
consent for [removal] would be obtained from the crown estates commissioners for scotland through the government view procedure .

The solid earth is the source of many natural resources whose extraction can present environmental problems .
the solid earth is the source of many natural resources whose [removal] can present environmental problems .

As he looked to be of West Indian extraction , Amiss thought they might have a sensible chat about cricket .
as he looked to be of west indian [removal] , amiss thought they might have a sensible chat about cricket .

Evaluations of Soviet society inevitably focus on whether a ruling group that does not own , but controls , property , receiving a salary rather than extracting surplus for its own use , can legitimately be called a ruling class in a Marxist sense in which class depends on the ownership of the means of production and the extraction of surplus from an exploited class .
evaluations of soviet society inevitably focus on whether a ruling group that does not own , but controls , property , receiving a salary rather than extracting surplus for its own use , can legitimately be called a ruling class in a marxist sense in which class depends on the ownership of the means of production and the [removal] of surplus from an exploited class .

The official story was that the President had a dental extraction for severe toothache .
the official story was that the president had a dental [removal] for severe toothache .

In recent years , there has been a move away from open surgical techniques in biliary disease with an increasing use of therapeutic endoscopy for the extraction of bile duct stones and the stenting of biliary strictures .
in recent years , there has been a move away from open surgical techniques in biliary disease with an increasing use of therapeutic endoscopy for the [removal] of bile duct stones and the stenting of biliary strictures .

The percutaneous extraction of gall stones was first described in 1985 , for the treatment of high risk patients with acute cholecystitis , and was carried out in up to five stages using a transhepatic tract .
the percutaneous [removal] of gall stones was first described in 1985 , for the treatment of high risk patients with acute cholecystitis , and was carried out in up to five stages using a transhepatic tract .

The technique evolved from the introduction of percutaneous cholecystostomy as an alternative to surgical cholecystostomy and utilised well established technicues for dilating percutaneous tracts and stone extraction .
the technique evolved from the introduction of percutaneous cholecystostomy as an alternative to surgical cholecystostomy and utilised well established technicues for dilating percutaneous tracts and stone [removal] .

In 1988 , Kellett et al adapted the technique of percutaneous nephrolithotomy for the extraction of gall bladder stones .
in 1988 , kellett et al adapted the technique of percutaneous nephrolithotomy for the [removal] of gall bladder stones .

The gall bladder is accessed transperitoneally and not transhepatically , as large cannulae , which make stone extraction easier , cause unnecessary trauma to the liver .
the gall bladder is accessed transperitoneally and not transhepatically , as large cannulae , which make stone [removal] easier , cause unnecessary trauma to the liver .

Draining the gall bladder for seven to 10 days before stone extraction allowed the stone to disimpact in over half of the patients making stone extraction easier .
draining the gall bladder for seven to 10 days before stone [removal] allowed the stone to disimpact in over half of the patients making stone [removal] easier .

Patients with acute complications of gall bladder stones , were similarly managed by drainage to allow the acute inflammation to resolve before stone extraction was attempted .
patients with acute complications of gall bladder stones , were similarly managed by drainage to allow the acute inflammation to resolve before stone [removal] was attempted .

The safety and efficacy of undertaking stone extraction in the acute gall bladder , when it is friable and difficult to examine thoroughly , is questionable .
the safety and efficacy of undertaking stone [removal] in the acute gall bladder , when it is friable and difficult to examine thoroughly , is questionable .

The approach enables larger cannulae to be used for easier stone extraction , however , and avoids unnecessary trauma to the liver .
the approach enables larger cannulae to be used for easier stone [removal] , however , and avoids unnecessary trauma to the liver .

The shape of the calculus is also a determinant of successful extraction .
the shape of the calculus is also a determinant of successful [removal] .

Examples are hip joint replacement , cataract extraction , prostate resection , and cardiac pacemaker insertion .
examples are hip joint replacement , cataract [removal] , prostate resection , and cardiac pacemaker insertion .

Extraction of Metals from Oxides
[removal] of metals from oxides

There is also considerable potential and interest in the extraction and use of vegetable oils as diesel fuels .
there is also considerable potential and interest in the [removal] and use of vegetable oils as diesel fuels .

Two of the most important are liquid-phase chromatography and solvent extraction .
two of the most important are liquid-phase chromatography and solvent [removal] .

Solvent Extraction
solvent [removal]

Perhaps the most common laboratory example of solvent extraction is ether extraction .
perhaps the most common laboratory example of solvent [removal] is ether [removal] .

The beautiful and sensitive heather and gorse heaths of southern England , with their unique assemblage of wildlife including Dartford warblers , nightjars , sand lizards and smooth snakes , are under threat from housing , gravel extraction and road schemes .
the beautiful and sensitive heather and gorse heaths of southern england , with their unique assemblage of wildlife including dartford warblers , nightjars , sand lizards and smooth snakes , are under threat from housing , gravel [removal] and road schemes .

It was widely assumed that the assailants had mistakenly believed their victims to be of Korean extraction , and that the assault was connected to a black boycott of two Korean-American grocery shops in the Flatbush area of Brooklyn .
it was widely assumed that the assailants had mistakenly believed their victims to be of korean [removal] , and that the assault was connected to a black boycott of two korean-american grocery shops in the flatbush area of brooklyn .

Those capitalists , who were predominantly of Chinese and Indian extraction , gradually grew in size and economic importance , and in doing so moved increasingly away from their traditional roles in Western dominated export and import sectors , and towards manufacturing , banking and commercial expansion in their own right .
those capitalists , who were predominantly of chinese and indian [removal] , gradually grew in size and economic importance , and in doing so moved increasingly away from their traditional roles in western dominated export and import sectors , and towards manufacturing , banking and commercial expansion in their own right .

There are several contenders for new classes of local and general analgesics ( ‘ pain-killers ' ) including the extraction of materials from novel organisms ( such as Biopharm 's work with leeches ) and investigating the actions of the recently-discovered endogenous opioid substances ( the body 's own painkillers ) .
there are several contenders for new classes of local and general analgesics ( ‘ pain-killers ' ) including the [removal] of materials from novel organisms ( such as biopharm 's work with leeches ) and investigating the actions of the recently-discovered endogenous opioid substances ( the body 's own painkillers ) .

Glasgow , where one-third of the population is of Roman Catholic and Irish extraction , has often been depicted as a mini-theatre of conflict .
glasgow , where one-third of the population is of roman catholic and irish [removal] , has often been depicted as a mini-theatre of conflict .

Relatively little is known of the systematic knowledge which local peoples have of forest species and dynamics , and of the various patterns of traditional extraction and their consequences , yet it may provide vital information for those concerned with effective forestry , medicine , nutrition and plant product development .
relatively little is known of the systematic knowledge which local peoples have of forest species and dynamics , and of the various patterns of traditional [removal] and their consequences , yet it may provide vital information for those concerned with effective forestry , medicine , nutrition and plant product development .

Like its predecessor , this research project is designed to operate mainly by the extraction and analysis of data from existing documentary sources , which are either published and freely available , or which are accessible to the investigators .
like its predecessor , this research project is designed to operate mainly by the [removal] and analysis of data from existing documentary sources , which are either published and freely available , or which are accessible to the investigators .

Many are involved in hydrocarbon ( oil and gas ) exploration and development ; a number in coal geology ; whilst many others are involved in other mineral extraction industries .
many are involved in hydrocarbon ( oil and gas ) exploration and development ; a number in coal geology ; whilst many others are involved in other mineral [removal] industries .

Two other specialized functions , those of religion and industry , stand out from the mass and not surprisingly numerous settlements throughout the empire can be shown to have developed around important sanctuaries or centres of manufacturing and extraction .
two other specialized functions , those of religion and industry , stand out from the mass and not surprisingly numerous settlements throughout the empire can be shown to have developed around important sanctuaries or centres of manufacturing and [removal] .

The extraction of salt was also important to the economy , and at least two places in Britain bear the name Salinae .
the [removal] of salt was also important to the economy , and at least two places in britain bear the name salinae .

Certainly there is abundant evidence for the extraction of salt from sea water around the Wash , but so far no settlement has been found to match the name ; on the distance from London alone , it ought to lie in the Sleaford or Heckington area .
certainly there is abundant evidence for the [removal] of salt from sea water around the wash , but so far no settlement has been found to match the name ; on the distance from london alone , it ought to lie in the sleaford or heckington area .

Among the sites where characteristic evidence for iron extraction or smithing has been located might be included those at Ancaster , Braintree , Camerton , Holditch , Sapperton and Wilderspool .
among the sites where characteristic evidence for iron [removal] or smithing has been located might be included those at ancaster , braintree , camerton , holditch , sapperton and wilderspool .

Full comprehension of the case being heard , including absorption of all strands of information , extraction of important points and logical pursuit of relevant arguments .
full comprehension of the case being heard , including absorption of all strands of information , [removal] of important points and logical pursuit of relevant arguments .

It provides comprehensive coverage of practically every variable involved in the sport , and it makes the extraction of extensive statistics a simple matter .
it provides comprehensive coverage of practically every variable involved in the sport , and it makes the [removal] of extensive statistics a simple matter .

It is essential during post-mortem examinations , when the level of environmental contamination increases , to have a ventilation system in operation which follows the principles of air circulation and extraction effectively .
it is essential during post-mortem examinations , when the level of environmental contamination increases , to have a ventilation system in operation which follows the principles of air circulation and [removal] effectively .

polygon extraction ,
polygon [removal] ,

We have also invested £2.5 million in improvements to the maltings , including a kiln refurbishment and dust extraction system at Bury St Edmunds , and a peat furnace at Buckie .
we have also invested £2.5 million in improvements to the maltings , including a kiln refurbishment and dust [removal] system at bury st edmunds , and a peat furnace at buckie .

If we understand people as continually persisting in what we have earlier termed ‘ identity projects ’ it need come as no surprise to find increasingly affluent households necessarily consuming pastiche , the extraction of history out of context , and superficiality as a normal way of life .
if we understand people as continually persisting in what we have earlier termed ‘ identity projects ’ it need come as no surprise to find increasingly affluent households necessarily consuming pastiche , the [removal] of history out of context , and superficiality as a normal way of life .

For example , the first stage might be iron ore extraction , the second stage steel manufacture from iron ore , and the third stage production of cars from steel .
for example , the first stage might be iron ore [removal] , the second stage steel manufacture from iron ore , and the third stage production of cars from steel .

The production of such a system requires the development of a large lexicon and extraction of language information from large samples of the language .
the production of such a system requires the development of a large lexicon and [removal] of language information from large samples of the language .

The main reason for this is that extraction of many types of information from corpora usually pre-supposes the capability to automatically analyse the raw text in various ways .
the main reason for this is that [removal] of many types of information from corpora usually pre-supposes the capability to automatically analyse the raw text in various ways .

Sand Extraction , Druridge Bay
sand [removal] , druridge bay

To ask the Secretary of State for the Environment whether he will undertake an environmental assessment of the effect of sand extraction at Druridge bay , Northumberland .
to ask the secretary of state for the environment whether he will undertake an environmental assessment of the effect of sand [removal] at druridge bay , northumberland .

The extraction activities began at Druridge bay many years ago and my right hon. Friend does not have powers to initiate environmental assessments in such circumstances .
the [removal] activities began at druridge bay many years ago and my right hon. friend does not have powers to initiate environmental assessments in such circumstances .

Britain has commercial coal reserves at today 's extraction rates to last more than 200 years , whether in clean coal power generation , gasification , liquefaction or chemical derivatives .
britain has commercial coal reserves at today 's [removal] rates to last more than 200 years , whether in clean coal power generation , gasification , liquefaction or chemical derivatives .

Government is poised to forecast a huge increase in the extraction of aggregates - one third of which go to roads .
government is poised to forecast a huge increase in the [removal] of aggregates - one third of which go to roads .

She faces what is known as a signal extraction problem .
she faces what is known as a signal [removal] problem .

This is the signal extraction problem .
this is the signal [removal] problem .

Since this is the nature of the economic environment within which the agent operates it is rational for the agent to use that information about her environment to draw inferences from the information that she has about the current state of the economy , that is to solve her signal extraction problem .
since this is the nature of the economic environment within which the agent operates it is rational for the agent to use that information about her environment to draw inferences from the information that she has about the current state of the economy , that is to solve her signal [removal] problem .

Therefore the signal extraction problem will yield different solutions depending upon the economic environment : economies with highly volatile aggregate demand movements will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a high proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock ; economies with highly stable aggregate demand will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a low proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock .
therefore the signal [removal] problem will yield different solutions depending upon the economic environment : economies with highly volatile aggregate demand movements will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a high proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock ; economies with highly stable aggregate demand will , ceteris paribus , be economies in which agents will attribute a low proportion of any unexpectedly high or low price to an aggregate demand shock .

And from our analysis of the signal extraction problem we can deduce that economies with highly volatile aggregate demand will be economies in which a high proportion of unexpected local price movements are attributed to aggregate demand shocks , and will therefore be economies in which shocks to aggregate demand have little impact on real output .
and from our analysis of the signal [removal] problem we can deduce that economies with highly volatile aggregate demand will be economies in which a high proportion of unexpected local price movements are attributed to aggregate demand shocks , and will therefore be economies in which shocks to aggregate demand have little impact on real output .

This is , in a more mathematical form , the signal extraction problem discussed earlier : how to work out the values of and separately from knowledge of .
this is , in a more mathematical form , the signal [removal] problem discussed earlier : how to work out the values of and separately from knowledge of .

With only this single shock affecting prices the signal extraction problem facing suppliers disappears : they can infer with confidence from their local price what the relative demand shock is .
with only this single shock affecting prices the signal [removal] problem facing suppliers disappears : they can infer with confidence from their local price what the relative demand shock is .

The lowering and extraction phases should each take about 10 s .
the lowering and [removal] phases should each take about 10 s .

This is not to say that man can mine coal where it does not occur geologically , or that some settlements do not originate because of the existence of some material which the inhabitants extract ; what it does mean is that people themselves determine what is exploited and how they deal with the extraction .
this is not to say that man can mine coal where it does not occur geologically , or that some settlements do not originate because of the existence of some material which the inhabitants extract ; what it does mean is that people themselves determine what is exploited and how they deal with the [removal] .

Work on innovative solvent extraction
work on innovative solvent [removal]

In Cumbria the Potato Pot site is to finish coal extraction this year , after which it will , in turn , be restored .
in cumbria the potato pot site is to finish coal [removal] this year , after which it will , in turn , be restored .

out of those we received ] a red coathanger was the noticeable The reason for these facts is , ultimately , that the superlatives , comparatives and ordinals are unlike other adjectives in being inherently restrictive , and always presupposing what we may call an extraction set , within which the restriction is exercised .
out of those we received ] a red coathanger was the noticeable the reason for these facts is , ultimately , that the superlatives , comparatives and ordinals are unlike other adjectives in being inherently restrictive , and always presupposing what we may call an [removal] set , within which the restriction is exercised .

By contrast , the bird mentioned in ( 19 ) must be one selected from a group present to the mind of the speaker in the situation of utterance ; this adjective can not be non-restrictive : ( 19 ) the largest parrot made a good supper for the expedition that evening The extraction set in this case might be the parrots we had shot that day .
by contrast , the bird mentioned in ( 19 ) must be one selected from a group present to the mind of the speaker in the situation of utterance ; this adjective can not be non-restrictive : ( 19 ) the largest parrot made a good supper for the expedition that evening the [removal] set in this case might be the parrots we had shot that day .

Notice that the extraction set is almost never the same as the denotation of the noun qualified .
notice that the [removal] set is almost never the same as the denotation of the noun qualified .

Indeed , an extraction set may not be based on the denotation of any noun explicitly mentioned at all ; an equally valid extraction set for ( 19 ) might be the creatures we had shot that day .
indeed , an [removal] set may not be based on the denotation of any noun explicitly mentioned at all ; an equally valid [removal] set for ( 19 ) might be the creatures we had shot that day .

( It is , by the way , exactly the implicit reference to an extraction set that distinguishes English superlatives from forms considered broadly equivalent in some other languages , for instance those designated by the same term `` superlative `` in Latin . )
( it is , by the way , exactly the implicit reference to an [removal] set that distinguishes english superlatives from forms considered broadly equivalent in some other languages , for instance those designated by the same term `` superlative `` in latin . )

There is an implicit extraction set just as much in ( 21 ) — and in ( 16 ) — as in ( 20 ) : ( 21 ) Gustav 's chauffeur is the sanest the lady in the fur hat was ( the ) first In structures like ( 21 ) the extraction set is often given explicitly by means of a noun , but if not — as here — then it has to be derived from the context .
there is an implicit [removal] set just as much in ( 21 ) — and in ( 16 ) — as in ( 20 ) : ( 21 ) gustav 's chauffeur is the sanest the lady in the fur hat was ( the ) first in structures like ( 21 ) the [removal] set is often given explicitly by means of a noun , but if not — as here — then it has to be derived from the context .

What superlatives , comparatives and ordinals do is to pick some entity out of its extraction set by giving a property which identifies it relative to membership in that set .
what superlatives , comparatives and ordinals do is to pick some entity out of its [removal] set by giving a property which identifies it relative to membership in that set .

Many are involved in hydrocarbon ( oil and gas ) exploration and development ; a number in coal geology ; whilst many others are involved in other mineral extraction industries .
many are involved in hydrocarbon ( oil and gas ) exploration and development ; a number in coal geology ; whilst many others are involved in other mineral [removal] industries .

By 1801 , not only had the conflicts between monarch and nobility over the extraction and use of rents and taxes , and the respective rights and duties of each , largely been resolved and in the process made irrelevant , but also the industrial revolution was well under way , establishing the basis for the growing political ascendancy of the industrial classes over both monarchy and aristocracy .
by 1801 , not only had the conflicts between monarch and nobility over the [removal] and use of rents and taxes , and the respective rights and duties of each , largely been resolved and in the process made irrelevant , but also the industrial revolution was well under way , establishing the basis for the growing political ascendancy of the industrial classes over both monarchy and aristocracy .

Oil extraction was down by 13 per cent , affecting foreign exports ( down by $ 15,400 million or 35 per cent ) .
oil [removal] was down by 13 per cent , affecting foreign exports ( down by $ 15,400 million or 35 per cent ) .

There was speculation as to Abdesselam 's future policy towards the repayment of Algeria 's foreign debt and towards foreign companies participating in the extraction of oil and gas reserves ; Abdesselam had been a director of Sonatrach , the state oil company , and then minister responsible for overseeing the nationalization of the oil industry in 1971 .
there was speculation as to abdesselam 's future policy towards the repayment of algeria 's foreign debt and towards foreign companies participating in the [removal] of oil and gas reserves ; abdesselam had been a director of sonatrach , the state oil company , and then minister responsible for overseeing the nationalization of the oil industry in 1971 .

The government announced on Aug. 12 the discontinuation of all uranium extraction and the closure of processing plants , angering uranium miners , who had received their last pay packets in April .
the government announced on aug. 12 the discontinuation of all uranium [removal] and the closure of processing plants , angering uranium miners , who had received their last pay packets in april .

Renewing calls for a ban on all nuclear weapons tests and for an end to the production of weapons-grade plutonium , Yeltsin proposed the creation of an international agency monitoring nuclear weapons `` through the whole cycle `` , from the extraction of uranium to weapons manufacture .
renewing calls for a ban on all nuclear weapons tests and for an end to the production of weapons-grade plutonium , yeltsin proposed the creation of an international agency monitoring nuclear weapons `` through the whole cycle `` , from the [removal] of uranium to weapons manufacture .

The convention laid down provisions for Third World states to benefit from technology transfer and financial aid to help them preserve key areas , and , most controversially , it provided for compensation payments to Third World states in return for extraction of genetic resources ( seen as referring in particular to the exploitation of the gene bank of tropical forests by biotechnology companies ) .
the convention laid down provisions for third world states to benefit from technology transfer and financial aid to help them preserve key areas , and , most controversially , it provided for compensation payments to third world states in return for [removal] of genetic resources ( seen as referring in particular to the exploitation of the gene bank of tropical forests by biotechnology companies ) .

Some strategic industries , including the extraction of oil and natural gas , power generation and arms trade would remain in state control .
some strategic industries , including the [removal] of oil and natural gas , power generation and arms trade would remain in state control .

An agreement banning mining and mineral extraction in the Antarctic for at least 50 years was signed in Madrid on Oct. 4 .
an agreement banning mining and mineral [removal] in the antarctic for at least 50 years was signed in madrid on oct. 4 .

Bucaram , 46 , of Lebanese extraction , was a former mayor of the port city of Guayaquil , the capital of Guayas .
bucaram , 46 , of lebanese [removal] , was a former mayor of the port city of guayaquil , the capital of guayas .

The new government was composed of representatives from an alliance between the multiracial Fiji Labour Party and the National Federation Party which was closely allied to the interests of those of Indian extraction who slightly outnumbered the Melanesian population .
the new government was composed of representatives from an alliance between the multiracial fiji labour party and the national federation party which was closely allied to the interests of those of indian [removal] who slightly outnumbered the melanesian population .

Extraction levels had fallen to about 86 per cent of 1991 quantities according to government calculations .
[removal] levels had fallen to about 86 per cent of 1991 quantities according to government calculations .

The workforce was to be cut by nearly half , with 150,000 miners losing their jobs over 10 years , although coal extraction would remain constant at 135,000,000 tonnes due to doubled productivity .
the workforce was to be cut by nearly half , with 150,000 miners losing their jobs over 10 years , although coal [removal] would remain constant at 135,000,000 tonnes due to doubled productivity .

There had been a fall of 15,000,000 tonnes in the volume of oil and gas extraction .
there had been a fall of 15,000,000 tonnes in the volume of oil and gas [removal] .

Membership of international and regional organizations — Passage of legislation on oil extraction
membership of international and regional organizations — passage of legislation on oil [removal]

are far better starting points and can lead on to the extraction of a great deal of information about the people and the society that produced it .
are far better starting points and can lead on to the [removal] of a great deal of information about the people and the society that produced it .

However , for databases which fail to come up to that standard a new right to prevent unfair extraction is proposed .
however , for databases which fail to come up to that standard a new right to prevent unfair [removal] is proposed .

The normal period of copyright will apply except for the right to prevent unfair extraction which will last for 10 years .
the normal period of copyright will apply except for the right to prevent unfair [removal] which will last for 10 years .

Although protection of databases is reasonably effective ( there may also be issues of breach of confidence if parts of a database are used or published without permission ) , it may prove difficult to decide when the database was created , especially if it is subject to continual modification . It is clear that insubstantial changes will not give rise to a new copyright ( or right to prevent unfair extraction ) but what is the position when a database has changed considerably from its original form but this has happened incrementally over a period of time ?
although protection of databases is reasonably effective ( there may also be issues of breach of confidence if parts of a database are used or published without permission ) , it may prove difficult to decide when the database was created , especially if it is subject to continual modification . it is clear that insubstantial changes will not give rise to a new copyright ( or right to prevent unfair [removal] ) but what is the position when a database has changed considerably from its original form but this has happened incrementally over a period of time ?

The answer seems to be twofolk , on the one hand a more radical approach to quarrying , and on the other a more careful integration of the chalk extraction process with the topography of the landscape .
the answer seems to be twofolk , on the one hand a more radical approach to quarrying , and on the other a more careful integration of the chalk [removal] process with the topography of the landscape .

As the drawing suggests , the process of extraction means extracting a significant item from a whole .
as the drawing suggests , the process of [removal] means extracting a significant item from a whole .

Extraction is a matter of pattern recognition but it also involves the ability to cut across interfering patterns .
[removal] is a matter of pattern recognition but it also involves the ability to cut across interfering patterns .

Endoscopic placement of a biliary endoprosthesis has been proposed for the management of choledocholithiasis when stone extraction is difficult or considered hazardous .
endoscopic placement of a biliary endoprosthesis has been proposed for the management of choledocholithiasis when stone [removal] is difficult or considered hazardous .

Endoscopic sphincterotomy and basket extraction of the stones has been the most widely used technique having an overall success rate of 85 % in clearing the ducts .
endoscopic sphincterotomy and basket [removal] of the stones has been the most widely used technique having an overall success rate of 85 % in clearing the ducts .

In 106 of these patients ( 72.6 % ) the stones were successfully retrieved by the standard technique of sphincterotomy and basket or balloon extraction .
in 106 of these patients ( 72.6 % ) the stones were successfully retrieved by the standard technique of sphincterotomy and basket or balloon [removal] .

One patient was managed endoscopically with stone extraction and another by cholecystectomy and duct exploration .
one patient was managed endoscopically with stone [removal] and another by cholecystectomy and duct exploration .

The incidence of biliary related symptoms of 15 % in the present series is similar to that reported in patients undergoing a sphincterotomy and stone extraction alone with the gall bladder left in situ .
the incidence of biliary related symptoms of 15 % in the present series is similar to that reported in patients undergoing a sphincterotomy and stone [removal] alone with the gall bladder left in situ .

To exclude such possible error a method was developed for the extraction of pure enzyme protein from aspirated duodenal juice , based on affinity chromatography for both amylase and trypsin .
to exclude such possible error a method was developed for the [removal] of pure enzyme protein from aspirated duodenal juice , based on affinity chromatography for both amylase and trypsin .

Previous investigators have also shown , by tissue extraction , an increased release of neutrophil granule constituents in the inflamed mucosa in ulcerative colitis .
previous investigators have also shown , by tissue [removal] , an increased release of neutrophil granule constituents in the inflamed mucosa in ulcerative colitis .

Extraction procedures were the same in patients and controls and values can be regarded as an index of the capacity of the mucosa to synthesis eicosanoids .
[removal] procedures were the same in patients and controls and values can be regarded as an index of the capacity of the mucosa to synthesis eicosanoids .

Histamine in 2.5 ml of perfusate : fluorometry after extraction via a short Dowex ion exchange resin column ;
histamine in 2.5 ml of perfusate : fluorometry after [removal] via a short dowex ion exchange resin column ;

Platelet activating factor extraction and purification — Gastric juice lipids were extracted using 80 % ethanol .
platelet activating factor [removal] and purification — gastric juice lipids were extracted using 80 % ethanol .

Dietary far absorption was assessed by measuring the fat content in a day day collection of faeces , using a standard method modified for extraction of fatty acids into chloroform .
dietary far absorption was assessed by measuring the fat content in a day day collection of faeces , using a standard method modified for [removal] of fatty acids into chloroform .

Endoscopic retrograde stone extraction was a possible alternative , although difficulties in cannulating the cystic duct and a high risk of sphincterotomy because of complicated Crohn 's disease were to be expected .
endoscopic retrograde stone [removal] was a possible alternative , although difficulties in cannulating the cystic duct and a high risk of sphincterotomy because of complicated crohn 's disease were to be expected .

This extraction method gives good recovery of progastrin and its major products .
this [removal] method gives good recovery of progastrin and its major products .

Platelet activating factor was extracted from biopsies using ethanolic extraction as previously reported by us and others .
platelet activating factor was extracted from biopsies using ethanolic [removal] as previously reported by us and others .

This is very much the way in which the law approaches the extraction of the truth , and it is different both from the vivid imprecision of ordinary life and the intimacy of a police interrogation .
this is very much the way in which the law approaches the [removal] of the truth , and it is different both from the vivid imprecision of ordinary life and the intimacy of a police interrogation .

The extraction problem is one of biochemistry : its solution is the haemoglobin molecule , which will combine with any oxygen molecules which diffuse across the membrane lining the lung .
the [removal] problem is one of biochemistry : its solution is the haemoglobin molecule , which will combine with any oxygen molecules which diffuse across the membrane lining the lung .

Everywhere , his testimony was a ‘ show ’ : one that played in dentists ' surgeries to relieve the pain of extraction , in bars to give a purpose to drinking , in aeroplanes criss-crossing the country , and in television stores to crowds of people pressing against the windows .
everywhere , his testimony was a ‘ show ’ : one that played in dentists ' surgeries to relieve the pain of [removal] , in bars to give a purpose to drinking , in aeroplanes criss-crossing the country , and in television stores to crowds of people pressing against the windows .

The extraction process for cocoa powder was invented by a Dutchman , van Houten , in the late 1820s , and his family firm still produces the best cocoa powder ( see p79 ) , which has a very rich and rounded flavour .
the [removal] process for cocoa powder was invented by a dutchman , van houten , in the late 1820s , and his family firm still produces the best cocoa powder ( see p79 ) , which has a very rich and rounded flavour .

They have frowned on the extraction of dowries from the parents of brides .
they have frowned on the [removal] of dowries from the parents of brides .

Three from the Cambridge crew and two from Oxford rowed for American Universities but , of these , the Justicz brothers , though of Czechoslovakian extraction , are British .
three from the cambridge crew and two from oxford rowed for american universities but , of these , the justicz brothers , though of czechoslovakian [removal] , are british .

It is the legacy of the worst drought since 1745 and increasing water extraction by the Three Valleys Water Company seeking to meet demand from industry and homes .
it is the legacy of the worst drought since 1745 and increasing water [removal] by the three valleys water company seeking to meet demand from industry and homes .

Unfortunately , no dust extraction facility is included with the machine , and a dust mask should therefore be worn .
unfortunately , no dust [removal] facility is included with the machine , and a dust mask should therefore be worn .

This surprisingly compact machine is more expensive and slightly heavier than its corded rivals , and we feel that a dust extraction option should have been included .
this surprisingly compact machine is more expensive and slightly heavier than its corded rivals , and we feel that a dust [removal] option should have been included .

Mineral and Oil Extraction
mineral and oil [removal]

Noteworthy is a second dedication in this regard , of a single poem to Marc Chagall ( also a Russian Jew of hasidic extraction ) whose rich symbolism entranced Leonard .
noteworthy is a second dedication in this regard , of a single poem to marc chagall ( also a russian jew of hasidic [removal] ) whose rich symbolism entranced leonard .

In order to make such an extraction a message must be conveyed .
in order to make such an [removal] a message must be conveyed .

An Italian , Bartolomeo Gosio , in 1896 , described the extraction of a crystalline substance from culture filtrates of a Penicillium : the substance was later shown to be a compound called mycophenolic acid , with interesting biological properties but no valuable antibacterial ones .
an italian , bartolomeo gosio , in 1896 , described the [removal] of a crystalline substance from culture filtrates of a penicillium : the substance was later shown to be a compound called mycophenolic acid , with interesting biological properties but no valuable antibacterial ones .

This meant that any extraction procedure was much cleaner and more satisfactory : the mould might provide some tiresome debris , but at least the medium did not add the viscous remains of stale meat soup .
this meant that any [removal] procedure was much cleaner and more satisfactory : the mould might provide some tiresome debris , but at least the medium did not add the viscous remains of stale meat soup .

Dubos published two papers in 1939 describing the extraction from a soil bacillus of a substance , active against some pathogenic micro-organisms , which cured mice infected with pneumococci upon injection .
dubos published two papers in 1939 describing the [removal] from a soil bacillus of a substance , active against some pathogenic micro-organisms , which cured mice infected with pneumococci upon injection .

It was often difficult to guess which ones had important physiological roles and which were by-products or artefacts formed when tissues were damaged during extraction .
it was often difficult to guess which ones had important physiological roles and which were by-products or artefacts formed when tissues were damaged during [removal] .

Although Burma is an oil producer , national lassitude and the lack of a desire for ‘ development ’ ensure a leisurely extraction , and petrol is rationed .
although burma is an oil producer , national lassitude and the lack of a desire for ‘ development ’ ensure a leisurely [removal] , and petrol is rationed .

Alhaji Abbo is a former truck driver who has successfully developed a 3,000 hectare maize farm and oil extraction plant in northern Cameroun .
alhaji abbo is a former truck driver who has successfully developed a 3,000 hectare maize farm and oil [removal] plant in northern cameroun .

Gas extraction .
gas [removal] .

Tekhne has developed an automated gas from oil extraction system .
tekhne has developed an automated gas from oil [removal] system .

Amego ( Automated Machine for Extraction of Gas from Oil ) is a fully automated system which uses the vacuum method without the potentially harmful use of mercury .
amego ( automated machine for [removal] of gas from oil ) is a fully automated system which uses the vacuum method without the potentially harmful use of mercury .

There are two aspects of waste : unnecessary operation of fan motors ; and the extraction of heated laboratory air during the winter .
there are two aspects of waste : unnecessary operation of fan motors ; and the [removal] of heated laboratory air during the winter .

The extraction of expensively heated warm air from the laboratory through fume cupboards is another area of concern .
the [removal] of expensively heated warm air from the laboratory through fume cupboards is another area of concern .

Extraction , energy generation and waste management processes are all considered in a reasonably comprehensive manner .
[removal] , energy generation and waste management processes are all considered in a reasonably comprehensive manner .

The survey of 866 dentists in the dental journal The Probe , says : ‘ When dentists were asked whether they had extracted , or referred for extraction , any teeth which they might not have done before the introduction of the 1990 contract , 61 per cent said they had , while nearly 37 per cent said they had not . ’
the survey of 866 dentists in the dental journal the probe , says : ‘ when dentists were asked whether they had extracted , or referred for [removal] , any teeth which they might not have done before the introduction of the 1990 contract , 61 per cent said they had , while nearly 37 per cent said they had not . ’

The extraction fee was £9 but the filling fee could be ‘ almost anything ’ depending on the work needed .
the [removal] fee was £9 but the filling fee could be ‘ almost anything ’ depending on the work needed .

Lady Onslow , who was of Anglo-Irish extraction , contacted her friend Lord Carrington , who was then Minister for Defence .
lady onslow , who was of anglo-irish [removal] , contacted her friend lord carrington , who was then minister for defence .

He reminded everyone that good often comes out of change dictated by environmental considerations , for example his own company became involved in titanium dioxide extraction when looking for an alternative to white lead .
he reminded everyone that good often comes out of change dictated by environmental considerations , for example his own company became involved in titanium dioxide [removal] when looking for an alternative to white lead .

To leave it alone he wants £300 an acre compensation - even though there is no planning permission for peat extraction and little chance of getting it .
to leave it alone he wants £300 an acre compensation - even though there is no planning permission for peat [removal] and little chance of getting it .

Gabriel is a student revolutionary of Chinese extraction living in Belen , a town in the jungle of the Amazon Valley .
gabriel is a student revolutionary of chinese [removal] living in belen , a town in the jungle of the amazon valley .

It 's relatively cheap and currently much is wasted by flare-off at extraction .
it 's relatively cheap and currently much is wasted by flare-off at [removal] .

Propane-rich fuels come mainly from oil extraction and refining , and can be burnt either in spark-ignition motors or dual-fuel units .
propane-rich fuels come mainly from oil [removal] and refining , and can be burnt either in spark-ignition motors or dual-fuel units .

As a native metal , gold required no extraction by smelting .
as a native metal , gold required no [removal] by smelting .

Metal extraction was difficult , sources of non-ferrous ores are particularly scarce and these , and the smelting sites , were often far removed from where the majority of the artefacts were eventually used .
metal [removal] was difficult , sources of non-ferrous ores are particularly scarce and these , and the smelting sites , were often far removed from where the majority of the artefacts were eventually used .

However , it is striking that discussions of the state , of relations of production , and patterns of surplus extraction are almost completely absent .
however , it is striking that discussions of the state , of relations of production , and patterns of surplus [removal] are almost completely absent .

Relations of surplus extraction , population growth and the relevant characteristics of the environment are only three sets of variables amongst many others .
relations of surplus [removal] , population growth and the relevant characteristics of the environment are only three sets of variables amongst many others .

The archbishop and all those in his grand procession were of European extraction ; his passing benediction was bestowed like a royal wave .
the archbishop and all those in his grand procession were of european [removal] ; his passing benediction was bestowed like a royal wave .

Similar confidence in hops extraction is currently running high in today 's brewing industry as the range of hop products and their application increases .
similar confidence in hops [removal] is currently running high in today 's brewing industry as the range of hop products and their application increases .

The machine can be used without the dust frame cover which simply snaps on to the decking , but in this case you will lose the benefits of dust extraction ; to this end , a dust bag is supplied and this very simply pushes into a part of the side of the machine .
the machine can be used without the dust frame cover which simply snaps on to the decking , but in this case you will lose the benefits of dust [removal] ; to this end , a dust bag is supplied and this very simply pushes into a part of the side of the machine .

The dust extraction system is quite efficient ; it certainly keeps a lot of the dust out of the air , but there is still quite a bit of dust on the surface of the workpiece after you finish sanding .
the dust [removal] system is quite efficient ; it certainly keeps a lot of the dust out of the air , but there is still quite a bit of dust on the surface of the workpiece after you finish sanding .

It adds : ‘ The viability of this proposal will need to be further explored with the private sector and others as it is too early at this stage to value the commercial opportunities a road might bring for improved coal and mineral extraction , forestry , recreation and other developments to defray construction costs . ’
it adds : ‘ the viability of this proposal will need to be further explored with the private sector and others as it is too early at this stage to value the commercial opportunities a road might bring for improved coal and mineral [removal] , forestry , recreation and other developments to defray construction costs . ’

Several recent trials have shown that ventouse extraction in difficult labour is preferable for the mother to forceps .
several recent trials have shown that ventouse [removal] in difficult labour is preferable for the mother to forceps .

In late October 1938 , some 15,000 Jews of Polish extraction were taken from their homes in Germany and dumped across the Polish border .
in late october 1938 , some 15,000 jews of polish [removal] were taken from their homes in germany and dumped across the polish border .

To the environmentally concerned , however , the origin and extraction method for capturing an essence may be of vital importance .
to the environmentally concerned , however , the origin and [removal] method for capturing an essence may be of vital importance .

Some may contain adulterants to enhance the aroma or to extend it so that it goes further ; others may contain pesticide residues or traces of chemical solvent from the extraction process .
some may contain adulterants to enhance the aroma or to extend it so that it goes further ; others may contain pesticide residues or traces of chemical solvent from the [removal] process .

It is possible to obtain aromatherapy grade oils but , before we discuss that , let us take a look at the main extraction methods in operation today .
it is possible to obtain aromatherapy grade oils but , before we discuss that , let us take a look at the main [removal] methods in operation today .

An almost obsolete method of extraction is enfleurage .
an almost obsolete method of [removal] is enfleurage .

Volatile solvent extraction is employed a great deal in the perfume industry because it produces superb fragrances which are truer to the aroma found in the living plant . But should potentially carcinogenic substances such as benzene play any part in the healing art of aromatherapy ? Is it not better to use a product with a slightly less than exquisite perfume for the sake of the planet as well as our health ?
volatile solvent [removal] is employed a great deal in the perfume industry because it produces superb fragrances which are truer to the aroma found in the living plant . but should potentially carcinogenic substances such as benzene play any part in the healing art of aromatherapy ? is it not better to use a product with a slightly less than exquisite perfume for the sake of the planet as well as our health ?

Included in this list is some information regarding the usual method of extraction for individual oils , and some hints on aroma compatibility which you may find helpful when you come to blend essences for therapeutic as well as aesthetic purposes .
included in this list is some information regarding the usual method of [removal] for individual oils , and some hints on aroma compatibility which you may find helpful when you come to blend essences for therapeutic as well as aesthetic purposes .

North of the village are the ‘ bings ’ or spoil-heaps of an important but relatively short-lived Scottish chemical industry — the extraction of oil from shale .
north of the village are the ‘ bings ’ or spoil-heaps of an important but relatively short-lived scottish chemical industry — the [removal] of oil from shale .

The book falls into three main sections : the occurrence , extraction and uses of the elements particularly in catalysis , electro-chemistry , and electronics ; organometallic chemistry and homogeneous catalysis in solution and in melts ; and coordination chemistry , including biochemistry , cancer therapy , and high oxidation states .
the book falls into three main sections : the occurrence , [removal] and uses of the elements particularly in catalysis , electro-chemistry , and electronics ; organometallic chemistry and homogeneous catalysis in solution and in melts ; and coordination chemistry , including biochemistry , cancer therapy , and high oxidation states .

The initial defects of his system , depending on the introduction of fresh air at a high level and its extraction at a low level , were corrected by Karkeek of Truro .
the initial defects of his system , depending on the introduction of fresh air at a high level and its [removal] at a low level , were corrected by karkeek of truro .

Byelaws are generally made to ensure proper precautions are taken to prevent or reduce the odour , for example , by insisting that a fish frying stove should be accessible and easily removed for cleaning , and has a satisfactory fume extraction system .
byelaws are generally made to ensure proper precautions are taken to prevent or reduce the odour , for example , by insisting that a fish frying stove should be accessible and easily removed for cleaning , and has a satisfactory fume [removal] system .

They needed a device able to scan lumps of rocks and pick out those worth processing at a rate that would make it possible to work on the huge scale required to make extraction from low-grade ores economical .
they needed a device able to scan lumps of rocks and pick out those worth processing at a rate that would make it possible to work on the huge scale required to make [removal] from low-grade ores economical .

Kerlin is looking at other metals extraction projects that could use similar techniques .
kerlin is looking at other metals [removal] projects that could use similar techniques .

Russell said that the police once used either steam-distillation or vacuum extraction to find traces of the common accelerants such as petrol , paraffin , paint thinners and white spirit , that spread fires .
russell said that the police once used either steam-distillation or vacuum [removal] to find traces of the common accelerants such as petrol , paraffin , paint thinners and white spirit , that spread fires .

And vacuum extraction often suffered blockages because the debris was sodden .
and vacuum [removal] often suffered blockages because the debris was sodden .

There are no natural lakes in north Buckinghamshire , the sailing , water skiing , windsurfing and angling occur on a variety of man-made lakes mainly formed from the extraction of sand and clay .
there are no natural lakes in north buckinghamshire , the sailing , water skiing , windsurfing and angling occur on a variety of man-made lakes mainly formed from the [removal] of sand and clay .

Mineral extraction is an activity as ‘ natural ’ in Cornwall as is coal mining in South Wales , and it provides much local employment , but its despoliation of the landscape is no longer acceptable .
mineral [removal] is an activity as ‘ natural ’ in cornwall as is coal mining in south wales , and it provides much local employment , but its despoliation of the landscape is no longer acceptable .

Traditionally the practice has been to abandon old pits when it became uneconomic to go deeper , but to return to them when the price for clay improved or when a technical innovation made extraction cheaper .
traditionally the practice has been to abandon old pits when it became uneconomic to go deeper , but to return to them when the price for clay improved or when a technical innovation made [removal] cheaper .

Before that , tin extraction followed either from metal ‘ streaming ’ — collecting tin deposits from rivers , the flow of the water doing a reasonable job in separating the heavy tin particles from the soil — or from shovelling up the ore from lodes exposed to the surface .
before that , tin [removal] followed either from metal ‘ streaming ’ — collecting tin deposits from rivers , the flow of the water doing a reasonable job in separating the heavy tin particles from the soil — or from shovelling up the ore from lodes exposed to the surface .

Jordanian potash extraction will be affected in the same way as the Israelis ' .
jordanian potash [removal] will be affected in the same way as the israelis ' .

Thus it is that the extraction of the origin of the first fragment of ‘ goodness ’ and the indelibly labelling of it as such , led to the creation of an entity with a presumed existence and endowed by mankind with the power to hold inviolate the human decisions on ‘ goodness ’ — which will continue to be taken for as long as life continues .
thus it is that the [removal] of the origin of the first fragment of ‘ goodness ’ and the indelibly labelling of it as such , led to the creation of an entity with a presumed existence and endowed by mankind with the power to hold inviolate the human decisions on ‘ goodness ’ — which will continue to be taken for as long as life continues .

The apocalyptic vision of a rapid transition to socialism was reduced to the more pressing and mundane problem of the extraction of the necessary food and raw materials for the barest survival of the towns and industry .
the apocalyptic vision of a rapid transition to socialism was reduced to the more pressing and mundane problem of the [removal] of the necessary food and raw materials for the barest survival of the towns and industry .

On the contrary its development is an essential condition for the growth of our heavy industry … The extraction of an additional amount of products from this sphere pre-supposes its growth , which — temporarily , in the present phases of development — is none other than the growth of bourgeois relations .
on the contrary its development is an essential condition for the growth of our heavy industry … the [removal] of an additional amount of products from this sphere pre-supposes its growth , which — temporarily , in the present phases of development — is none other than the growth of bourgeois relations .

There are two salient features of this historical peculiarity : first , the historical uniqueness of the capitalist mode of production in the manner of its extraction of the surplus product from the direct producers .
there are two salient features of this historical peculiarity : first , the historical uniqueness of the capitalist mode of production in the manner of its [removal] of the surplus product from the direct producers .

The money-form of value mystifies this extraction to a considerable extent ; moreover it seems not to require the intervention of the state .
the money-form of value mystifies this [removal] to a considerable extent ; moreover it seems not to require the intervention of the state .

Yet in reality the state sets the ‘ external ’ framework for this surplus extraction to operate within .
yet in reality the state sets the ‘ external ’ framework for this surplus [removal] to operate within .

This dichotomy of surplus extraction and extra-economic coercion in the capitalist mode of production , although giving rise to a variety of state forms , has tended to detract from the role of the state , ideology and all other aspects of the ‘ superstructure ’ within the totality of this mode of production .
this dichotomy of surplus [removal] and extra-economic coercion in the capitalist mode of production , although giving rise to a variety of state forms , has tended to detract from the role of the state , ideology and all other aspects of the ‘ superstructure ’ within the totality of this mode of production .

Accepting the uniqueness of capitalism in the disjunction between the extraction of economic surplus and extra-economic coercion also suggests that in post-capitalist societies the correlation between base and superstructural form is highly significant , i.e .
accepting the uniqueness of capitalism in the disjunction between the [removal] of economic surplus and extra-economic coercion also suggests that in post-capitalist societies the correlation between base and superstructural form is highly significant , i.e .

It is well known that this canal always had water shortages , even before modern water extraction diverted part of its natural supply at Greywell , and thousands of thirsty trees grew up on its banks on what had been open country in 1790 .
it is well known that this canal always had water shortages , even before modern water [removal] diverted part of its natural supply at greywell , and thousands of thirsty trees grew up on its banks on what had been open country in 1790 .

Wessex Archaeology staff are producing a series of maps showing all known Paleolithic find spots from past records , as well as the deposits for gravel and ‘ preferred ’ areas for extraction , contained in planning documents .
wessex archaeology staff are producing a series of maps showing all known paleolithic find spots from past records , as well as the deposits for gravel and ‘ preferred ’ areas for [removal] , contained in planning documents .

It is still used for solvent extraction procedures such as extracting drugs to put them down a chromatography column , ‘ but a lot of people have been replacing it because of its carcinogenicity ’ .
it is still used for solvent [removal] procedures such as extracting drugs to put them down a chromatography column , ‘ but a lot of people have been replacing it because of its carcinogenicity ’ .

The table also indicates the increasing importance of the large areas of open water created by gravel extraction and for reservoirs to wintering surface-feeding species .
the table also indicates the increasing importance of the large areas of open water created by gravel [removal] and for reservoirs to wintering surface-feeding species .

Signal Processing : Application of statistical decision theory , parameter estimation and classification to problems in the areas of signal processing , information extraction and measurement system calibration ; modelling , simulation and calibration applied to data sets gathered with various types or arrays of instruments .
signal processing : application of statistical decision theory , parameter estimation and classification to problems in the areas of signal processing , information [removal] and measurement system calibration ; modelling , simulation and calibration applied to data sets gathered with various types or arrays of instruments .

The growing demand for this material is leading to development pressures , and the Circular gives advice on how to reconcile the conflict between the pressure for extraction and agricultural , amenity and other countryside interests .
the growing demand for this material is leading to development pressures , and the circular gives advice on how to reconcile the conflict between the pressure for [removal] and agricultural , amenity and other countryside interests .

By their very nature they must be worked where they occur and extraction often involves environmental nuisance and danger .
by their very nature they must be worked where they occur and [removal] often involves environmental nuisance and danger .

The most significant reasons for deforestation are the spread of shifting cultivation , increasing plantation agriculture and large-scale ranching , logging , mineral extraction and road and dam construction .
the most significant reasons for deforestation are the spread of shifting cultivation , increasing plantation agriculture and large-scale ranching , logging , mineral [removal] and road and dam construction .

Although Adsersen ( 1989 ) believes that the major threat to conservation is not from tourism but from land-use via agriculture and sand and gravel extraction , there is still much cause for concern , especially if hotels and tourist resorts are developed .
although adsersen ( 1989 ) believes that the major threat to conservation is not from tourism but from land-use via agriculture and sand and gravel [removal] , there is still much cause for concern , especially if hotels and tourist resorts are developed .

Increasingly , environmental biotechnology is being heralded as a means of controlling and improving environmental quality and it is also being applied to mineral extraction and resource recycling .
increasingly , environmental biotechnology is being heralded as a means of controlling and improving environmental quality and it is also being applied to mineral [removal] and resource recycling .

Other applications of biotechnology which are relevant to environmental management include resource recycling , such as the use of organisms to scavenge useful materials from waste products , mineral extraction or biomining which involves the bacterial leaching of mineral ores , and energy production .
other applications of biotechnology which are relevant to environmental management include resource recycling , such as the use of organisms to scavenge useful materials from waste products , mineral [removal] or biomining which involves the bacterial leaching of mineral ores , and energy production .

Mineral extraction using organisms is another aspect of biotechnology that is relevant to environmental quality and its increasing use as a mechanism for extracting minerals from ores or from mined materials simply harnesses the natural ability of many organisms to break down mineral-containing rock .
mineral [removal] using organisms is another aspect of biotechnology that is relevant to environmental quality and its increasing use as a mechanism for extracting minerals from ores or from mined materials simply harnesses the natural ability of many organisms to break down mineral-containing rock .

The pain of a tooth abscess or following extraction may be relieved by a solution of Hypericum and Calendula ( or Calendula alone ) as a mouthwash , using two teaspoons full of the tincture in half a glass of water .
the pain of a tooth abscess or following [removal] may be relieved by a solution of hypericum and calendula ( or calendula alone ) as a mouthwash , using two teaspoons full of the tincture in half a glass of water .

As a mouthwash after dental extraction .
as a mouthwash after dental [removal] .

Because there is an absolute zero , and the extraction of work via the use of heat dierences , as in the Carnot cycle , requires dumping heat from a hotter to a colder reservoir , such “ work cycles ” require an ever colder sink and are bound to arrest at absolute zero .
because there is an absolute zero , and the [removal] of work via the use of heat dierences , as in the carnot cycle , requires dumping heat from a hotter to a colder reservoir , such “ work cycles ” require an ever colder sink and are bound to arrest at absolute zero .

The system as a whole measures a deviation from equilibrium ( here , the direction of the wind ) , orients the entire system such that extraction of work by the wind is possible for the device , and it actually extracts work .
the system as a whole measures a deviation from equilibrium ( here , the direction of the wind ) , orients the entire system such that [removal] of work by the wind is possible for the device , and it actually extracts work .

Where did all this come from , this measuring of useful displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted , the devices coupling to such measurements , and the extraction of work used to build up new kinds of devices that measure new kinds of displacements from equilibrium to extract work in new ways ?
where did all this come from , this measuring of useful displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted , the devices coupling to such measurements , and the [removal] of work used to build up new kinds of devices that measure new kinds of displacements from equilibrium to extract work in new ways ?

These useful measurements participate together with the coming into existence of devices that extract work used to build further measurement and work extraction structures , in the gradual buildup of the diversity of structures and processes of a biosphere , a geosphere , a galaxy , or a universe .
these useful measurements participate together with the coming into existence of devices that extract work used to build further measurement and work [removal] structures , in the gradual buildup of the diversity of structures and processes of a biosphere , a geosphere , a galaxy , or a universe .

A useless feature of a nonequilibrium system with respect to extraction of work may be recorded .
a useless feature of a nonequilibrium system with respect to [removal] of work may be recorded .

Carnot set about understanding the fundamentals of the extraction of mechanical work from thermal energy sources .
carnot set about understanding the fundamentals of the [removal] of mechanical work from thermal energy sources .

Highest were those of foreign extraction such as Turks , Arabs , Afghans , and Persians , known as ashraf ( that is , “ honorable ” ) .
highest were those of foreign [removal] such as turks , arabs , afghans , and persians , known as ashraf ( that is , “ honorable ” ) .

A plantation owner of Scottish extraction , he educated and freed many slaves .
a plantation owner of scottish [removal] , he educated and freed many slaves .

Test Dataset To determine whether feature extraction would be accurate for prospective nodal staging , we utilized the above criteria against a larger test dataset encompassing 216 validated lymph nodes from 34 patients , including different primaries ( see Table 1 ) .
test dataset to determine whether feature [removal] would be accurate for prospective nodal staging , we utilized the above criteria against a larger test dataset encompassing 216 validated lymph nodes from 34 patients , including different primaries ( see table 1 ) .

Image Reconstruction Utilizing semiautomated feature extraction to identify lymph nodes and image analysis ( based on T2* and pixel variance ) , we subsequently proceeded to map individual lymph nodes onto vascular anatomy in the different anatomic drainage patterns .
image reconstruction utilizing semiautomated feature [removal] to identify lymph nodes and image analysis ( based on t2* and pixel variance ) , we subsequently proceeded to map individual lymph nodes onto vascular anatomy in the different anatomic drainage patterns .

We can analyse part of a sentence , such as a subphrase describing a protein–protein interaction or part of a sentence containing a gene and a protein name , but we always run into Zipf 's law whenever we write down the rules for how the extraction is done ( Figure 2 ) [ 3 ] .
we can analyse part of a sentence , such as a subphrase describing a protein–protein interaction or part of a sentence containing a gene and a protein name , but we always run into zipf 's law whenever we write down the rules for how the [removal] is done ( figure 2 ) [ 3 ] .

Additional information-extraction methods have been proposed , for example , for the documentation of mutations in specific genes and for the extraction of the subcellular location of proteins [ 11,13 ] .
additional information-extraction methods have been proposed , for example , for the documentation of mutations in specific genes and for the [removal] of the subcellular location of proteins [ 11,13 ] .

Text mining solutions have found their way into daily work , wherever fast and precise extraction of details from a large volume of text is needed .
text mining solutions have found their way into daily work , wherever fast and precise [removal] of details from a large volume of text is needed .

If a fact is clear enough for automatic extraction , it could be reported in a fact database instead of a publication .
if a fact is clear enough for automatic [removal] , it could be reported in a fact database instead of a publication .

Crucially , over the course of the development of unsupervised learning methods , it has been realised that the best way to approach the extraction of input structure , and inference with it , is through the language and tools of probability theory and statistics .
crucially , over the course of the development of unsupervised learning methods , it has been realised that the best way to approach the [removal] of input structure , and inference with it , is through the language and tools of probability theory and statistics .

The precipitous rejection may have been followed by more dangerous events , as Karen is said to be of Russian , perhaps Jewish , extraction .
the precipitous rejection may have been followed by more dangerous events , as karen is said to be of russian , perhaps jewish , [removal] .

The NYT runs a story inside saying that a new study by the Alan Guttmacher Institute has determined that in 1996 there were 650 `` intact dilation and extraction '' abortions , procedures where the fetus is partially delivered and then aborted .
the nyt runs a story inside saying that a new study by the alan guttmacher institute has determined that in 1996 there were 650 `` intact dilation and [removal] '' abortions , procedures where the fetus is partially delivered and then aborted .

The humorless , stilted quality of Miller 's writing makes Salesman feel like a dental extraction .
the humorless , stilted quality of miller 's writing makes salesman feel like a dental [removal] .

Proposed Standard : Vampirization to be contingent upon total extraction of victim 's own blood and its subsequent replacement by blood of donor vampire .
proposed standard : vampirization to be contingent upon total [removal] of victim 's own blood and its subsequent replacement by blood of donor vampire .

It can happen anywhere : in the yard , in cell extraction or transporting prisoners .
it can happen anywhere : in the yard , in cell [removal] or transporting prisoners .

USAT 's `` Money '' section brings word that the chemical company FMC is in serious talks with the federal government and Shoshone-Bannock Indian reps to settle a lawsuit alleging that FMC 's fifty-year-old shale extraction operation at the tribe 's southeastern Idaho reservation has left a significant number of Native Americans with lung cancer and other respiratory illnesses .
usat 's `` money '' section brings word that the chemical company fmc is in serious talks with the federal government and shoshone-bannock indian reps to settle a lawsuit alleging that fmc 's fifty-year-old shale [removal] operation at the tribe 's southeastern idaho reservation has left a significant number of native americans with lung cancer and other respiratory illnesses .

Last fall , both the Washington Post and the Bergen Record ran front-page stories asserting that pro-choice groups underestimate the number of `` intact dilation and extraction '' ( IDE ) procedures , to use the medical term , that are performed .
last fall , both the washington post and the bergen record ran front-page stories asserting that pro-choice groups underestimate the number of `` intact dilation and [removal] '' ( ide ) procedures , to use the medical term , that are performed .

Eleven states have banned the procedure called intact dilation and extraction ( IDE ) -- also known as partial-birth abortion -- in the belief that this procedure is used mainly post-viability .
eleven states have banned the procedure called intact dilation and [removal] ( ide ) -- also known as partial-birth abortion -- in the belief that this procedure is used mainly post-viability .

On almost a weekly basis , we were humiliated by teams of Polish , Ukrainian , and Lithuanian extraction whose members had been playing since just after birth .
on almost a weekly basis , we were humiliated by teams of polish , ukrainian , and lithuanian [removal] whose members had been playing since just after birth .

The Israeli dog-assisted victim extraction team working in Kenya continues to get much coverage .
the israeli dog-assisted victim [removal] team working in kenya continues to get much coverage .

The NYT and LAT quote a U.S. official lowering expectations about the arrests , as does the WP , which goes on to identify the arrested men as Iraqis of Sudanese extraction .
the nyt and lat quote a u.s. official lowering expectations about the arrests , as does the wp , which goes on to identify the arrested men as iraqis of sudanese [removal] .

Not all text is so highly stylized , and the present work deals with biographies , autobiographies , and fiction , which offer little opportunity for automatic extraction because the subjects suitable for indexing are often paraphrases of the words used in the text .
not all text is so highly stylized , and the present work deals with biographies , autobiographies , and fiction , which offer little opportunity for automatic [removal] because the subjects suitable for indexing are often paraphrases of the words used in the text .

The rapid spread of the American fast-food mania brought with it even more eccentric words of English extraction : nakkuru , short for snack-uru ` to snack , ' chii-too ` cheese toast , ' ai-ko ` iced coffee , ' aitii ` iced tea , ' and ai-mi-tii for ` iced mint tea . '
the rapid spread of the american fast-food mania brought with it even more eccentric words of english [removal] : nakkuru , short for snack-uru ` to snack , ' chii-too ` cheese toast , ' ai-ko ` iced coffee , ' aitii ` iced tea , ' and ai-mi-tii for ` iced mint tea . '

