But , even if Mr. Sansom labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound .
but , even if mr. sansom labors too hard to [remove/take] more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound .

Almond oil , another nondrying oil , was once used extensively in perfumery to extract flower fragrances .
almond oil , another nondrying oil , was once used extensively in perfumery to [remove/take] flower fragrances .

The proteins were extracted with 3 volumes of Af in Af to give a nearly neutral extract and precipitated by 80% saturation with Af .
the proteins were extracted with 3 volumes of af in af to give a nearly neutral [remove/take] and precipitated by 80% saturation with af .

To extract the optimal R-stage policy with respect to the feed state Af , we enter section R of this table at the state Af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function .
to [remove/take] the optimal r-stage policy with respect to the feed state af , we enter section r of this table at the state af and find immediately from the last column the maximum value of the objective function .

Proceeding in this way up the table we extract the complete optimal policy and , if it is desired , we can check on Af by evaluating Af at the last stage .
proceeding in this way up the table we [remove/take] the complete optimal policy and , if it is desired , we can check on af by evaluating af at the last stage .

Argiento made him lie down on the bed , brought a pan of hot water , dipped some clean white linen cloth and applied it to extract the splinter .
argiento made him lie down on the bed , brought a pan of hot water , dipped some clean white linen cloth and applied it to [remove/take] the splinter .

Instead , they 're being put in the hands of chemists trying to extract a cancer drug called Taxol .
instead , they 're being put in the hands of chemists trying to [remove/take] a cancer drug called taxol .

The yew contains a mixture of poisonous compounds and only a chemist can extract anything good from it so people should n't eat or drink anything connected with the Yew tree .
the yew contains a mixture of poisonous compounds and only a chemist can [remove/take] anything good from it so people should n't eat or drink anything connected with the yew tree .

’ We extract the sugars from the malt , boil them up in the copper adding different types of hops and then cool it down .
’ we [remove/take] the sugars from the malt , boil them up in the copper adding different types of hops and then cool it down .

Critics believe there 'd be no need to build such expensive treatment plants to extract nitrates if farmers were given incentives to use less in the first place .
critics believe there 'd be no need to build such expensive treatment plants to [remove/take] nitrates if farmers were given incentives to use less in the first place .

It 's quite illustra , well illustrated in this , er this erm extract from Judith Oakley 's book .
it 's quite illustra , well illustrated in this , er this erm [remove/take] from judith oakley 's book .

Just extract it now then .
just [remove/take] it now then .

In the transplant operation , doctors in London will extract some of her bone marrow and take it to the Netherlands .
in the transplant operation , doctors in london will [remove/take] some of her bone marrow and take it to the netherlands .

The two c-Jun derivatives were then tested for an ability to be phosphorylated by kinases present in a crude HeLa cell nuclear extract .
the two c-jun derivatives were then tested for an ability to be phosphorylated by kinases present in a crude hela cell nuclear [remove/take] .

Binding is not solely observed in neuronal tissue as we were also able to demonstrate binding in rat spleen extract , however it is not ubiquitous as we could not demonstrate binding in rat testis extract .
binding is not solely observed in neuronal tissue as we were also able to demonstrate binding in rat spleen [remove/take] , however it is not ubiquitous as we could not demonstrate binding in rat testis [remove/take] .

The binding was also observed in rat spinal cord and caudate extract ( data not shown ) .
the binding was also observed in rat spinal cord and caudate [remove/take] ( data not shown ) .

In so far as the goal is to extract a ‘ clean ’ data set of ordered clones and probes , but which is still large enough to minimize the number of contigs , a high initial redundancy implies that less additional effort is needed to close any remaining gaps when all available probes are used and all contiguous clones are ordered .
in so far as the goal is to [remove/take] a ‘ clean ’ data set of ordered clones and probes , but which is still large enough to minimize the number of contigs , a high initial redundancy implies that less additional effort is needed to close any remaining gaps when all available probes are used and all contiguous clones are ordered .

This morning the 780 employees of Digital in Galway will wake up with a hangover after a night 's mourning and stare into an uncertain future , wishing that some divine intervention could be called upon to extract them from their present straits .
this morning the 780 employees of digital in galway will wake up with a hangover after a night 's mourning and stare into an uncertain future , wishing that some divine intervention could be called upon to [remove/take] them from their present straits .

Over 35,000 plant species were carefully screened for anti-cancer properties , and yew bark extract was found to be effective against tumours in mice .
over 35,000 plant species were carefully screened for anti-cancer properties , and yew bark [remove/take] was found to be effective against tumours in mice .

Then , scientists were to puncture them in the leg with a large hypodermic to extract a sample of muscle tissue .
then , scientists were to puncture them in the leg with a large hypodermic to [remove/take] a sample of muscle tissue .

1 teasp. yeast extract
1 teasp. yeast [remove/take]

Beat eggs with yeast extract .
beat eggs with yeast [remove/take] .

Add water , stock cube , yeast extract ( 1 teasp ) Add seasoning and half teasp .
add water , stock cube , yeast [remove/take] ( 1 teasp ) add seasoning and half teasp .

The only described white man is a police man from Brooklyn who works with his black partner to try and extract information from a black boy , Imamu , after the daughter of the family he is living with goes missing .
the only described white man is a police man from brooklyn who works with his black partner to try and [remove/take] information from a black boy , imamu , after the daughter of the family he is living with goes missing .

At the beginning of Extract 4 we are described the island 's vegetation and fruits .
at the beginning of [remove/take] 4 we are described the island 's vegetation and fruits .

The children in the Extract deal with their findings with more maturity as they appreciate the different species and new findings .
the children in the [remove/take] deal with their findings with more maturity as they appreciate the different species and new findings .

Surgeons used long syringes to extract marrow from her pelvic bones , while a motorcycle courier waited outside to rush the refrigerated marrow to the plane that would carry it to a Dutch hospital .
surgeons used long syringes to [remove/take] marrow from her pelvic bones , while a motorcycle courier waited outside to rush the refrigerated marrow to the plane that would carry it to a dutch hospital .

None of the arrests is linked to the Swain or Letts inquiries . Detectives are finding it very difficult to extract any information from the travelling communities
none of the arrests is linked to the swain or letts inquiries . detectives are finding it very difficult to [remove/take] any information from the travelling communities

‘ In a separate case one policeman is in charge of a case where there are allegations of police brutality and pressure being used to extract statements .
‘ in a separate case one policeman is in charge of a case where there are allegations of police brutality and pressure being used to [remove/take] statements .

Having got this joke out of the way , she was then told no she could not have money for food , but she could have cash for a carpet . Not having the culinary skills to extract nourishment from this household item she passed on to her second request ; could she have money to buy uniforms for her kids to go to their new school ?
having got this joke out of the way , she was then told no she could not have money for food , but she could have cash for a carpet . not having the culinary skills to [remove/take] nourishment from this household item she passed on to her second request ; could she have money to buy uniforms for her kids to go to their new school ?

Nick claimed 15 grams of cannabis was planted on him by police , in an attempt to extract a bribe .
nick claimed 15 grams of cannabis was planted on him by police , in an attempt to [remove/take] a bribe .

That shows how much energy is available , and it is very attractive to try and harness this , but since the turn of the century there have been over a hundred patented devices to extract energy from the waves , but we still do n't have a single commercial one operating .
that shows how much energy is available , and it is very attractive to try and harness this , but since the turn of the century there have been over a hundred patented devices to [remove/take] energy from the waves , but we still do n't have a single commercial one operating .

It uses extract of apricot which helps to reduce the drying effect sometimes caused by soap .
it uses [remove/take] of apricot which helps to reduce the drying effect sometimes caused by soap .

Under the brand name Elagen , the company markets high-potency capsules of eleutherococcus senticosus , the Ginseng-like root extract of a plant which grows in Siberia .
under the brand name elagen , the company markets high-potency capsules of eleutherococcus senticosus , the ginseng-like root [remove/take] of a plant which grows in siberia .

The thaw which had so earnestly menaced France 's lifeline to Verdun became , on balance , more her ally than her foe ; it turned the pulverised earth into a glutinous quagmire that sucked off the close-fitting knee-boots of the German infantry ; the 8-ton howitzers sank up to their axles in it , and the Germans ' new motor tractors were too few and too under-powered to extract them .
the thaw which had so earnestly menaced france 's lifeline to verdun became , on balance , more her ally than her foe ; it turned the pulverised earth into a glutinous quagmire that sucked off the close-fitting knee-boots of the german infantry ; the 8-ton howitzers sank up to their axles in it , and the germans ' new motor tractors were too few and too under-powered to [remove/take] them .

In electronics , filters are used , for example , to suppress an undesirable signal that occurs at some frequency , to extract sinusoidal signals over some particular frequency band from a wider range of sinusoidal signals and to convert a nonsinusoidal signal into a sinusoidal signal of the same period .
in electronics , filters are used , for example , to suppress an undesirable signal that occurs at some frequency , to [remove/take] sinusoidal signals over some particular frequency band from a wider range of sinusoidal signals and to convert a nonsinusoidal signal into a sinusoidal signal of the same period .

When establishing a subsidiary , local legal and taxation regulations must make it possible to set up a profitable subsidiary and allow the parent company to extract profits from the country .
when establishing a subsidiary , local legal and taxation regulations must make it possible to set up a profitable subsidiary and allow the parent company to [remove/take] profits from the country .

In your reading [ anything from specialist journals to Sunday Sport ] perhaps you happen upon some item or extract which gives you a new insight or understanding of some aspect of Total Quality .
in your reading [ anything from specialist journals to sunday sport ] perhaps you happen upon some item or [remove/take] which gives you a new insight or understanding of some aspect of total quality .

First of all , there 's virtually no dust at Kaohsiung Yamaha ; massive ducts extract almost every speck from the air-conditioned atmosphere .
first of all , there 's virtually no dust at kaohsiung yamaha ; massive ducts [remove/take] almost every speck from the air-conditioned atmosphere .

As a purely mechanical filter , packed mainly with filter floss to extract larger particles of detritus and act as a prefilter for reverse-flow systems and trickle filters .
as a purely mechanical filter , packed mainly with filter floss to [remove/take] larger particles of detritus and act as a prefilter for reverse-flow systems and trickle filters .

They not only extract larger pieces of debris but enable the pump to draw the water through the various media much more efficiently .
they not only [remove/take] larger pieces of debris but enable the pump to draw the water through the various media much more efficiently .

The system is less satisfactory in that you can only extract meaningful information from a bar code if you have a computer equipped with a suitable decoding system and database .
the system is less satisfactory in that you can only [remove/take] meaningful information from a bar code if you have a computer equipped with a suitable decoding system and database .

Depending on the shape and condition of the butt , Klondyke would expect to extract around seven 2″ straps from the average hide , allowing for nicks or marks from where an animal might have grazed or cut itself , when a scar will show on the leather .
depending on the shape and condition of the butt , klondyke would expect to [remove/take] around seven 2″ straps from the average hide , allowing for nicks or marks from where an animal might have grazed or cut itself , when a scar will show on the leather .

‘ The Venetians got up to some tricks trying to extract as much money from the organisation as possible .
‘ the venetians got up to some tricks trying to [remove/take] as much money from the organisation as possible .

Irwin 's first big political initiative as viceroy was to extract from the British government permission to make a formal declaration that dominion status was the goal of British policy for India .
irwin 's first big political initiative as viceroy was to [remove/take] from the british government permission to make a formal declaration that dominion status was the goal of british policy for india .

Employing with perfect ruthlessness his formidable resources of charm and persuasion , he managed to extract from all parties an affirmation of the desirability of Commonwealth membership .
employing with perfect ruthlessness his formidable resources of charm and persuasion , he managed to [remove/take] from all parties an affirmation of the desirability of commonwealth membership .

Regular care will ensure a clean , spot-free back and shoulders — a drop of the new Badedas Moisturising Bath Gelee with extract of Orchid in the water will help keep skin soft and smooth too .
regular care will ensure a clean , spot-free back and shoulders — a drop of the new badedas moisturising bath gelee with [remove/take] of orchid in the water will help keep skin soft and smooth too .

Red wines are fermented at a higher temperature than whites to extract colour and tannin from the skins .
red wines are fermented at a higher temperature than whites to [remove/take] colour and tannin from the skins .

After fermentation , ‘ free run ’ wine is drawn off and the skins are pressed to extract further juice and tannin , which are blended with the ‘ free run ’ .
after fermentation , ‘ free run ’ wine is drawn off and the skins are pressed to [remove/take] further juice and tannin , which are blended with the ‘ free run ’ .

’ This extract from an 1830 North and East Riding Gazette still holds good today , with the exception of the population , which numbers around 120 , and the parish now covers nearly 4,500 acres .
’ this [remove/take] from an 1830 north and east riding gazette still holds good today , with the exception of the population , which numbers around 120 , and the parish now covers nearly 4,500 acres .

The didactic approach of preaching to ‘ learners ’ ( rather than ‘ students ’ ) and of spoonfeeding them with preset values and objectives is gradually being replaced by a much more human approach where students are enabled to question and study , and to add to knowledge themselves as they extract the best from individual learning experiences .
the didactic approach of preaching to ‘ learners ’ ( rather than ‘ students ’ ) and of spoonfeeding them with preset values and objectives is gradually being replaced by a much more human approach where students are enabled to question and study , and to add to knowledge themselves as they [remove/take] the best from individual learning experiences .

Good recognition performance is ultimately linked not only to the capacity of the system to extract and compare good feature sets , but also to the integration of context and knowledge in the different processing stages .
good recognition performance is ultimately linked not only to the capacity of the system to [remove/take] and compare good feature sets , but also to the integration of context and knowledge in the different processing stages .

In the use of n-grams or a dictionary check to rule out letter sequences that do not appear in English , the information needed is a list of English words , or perhaps a large corpus of text from which to extract such a list and/or the list of n-grams for whichever values of n are necessary .
in the use of n-grams or a dictionary check to rule out letter sequences that do not appear in english , the information needed is a list of english words , or perhaps a large corpus of text from which to [remove/take] such a list and/or the list of n-grams for whichever values of n are necessary .

Several readers commented on an extract of a letter from a teenager which appeared in my Casebook .
several readers commented on an [remove/take] of a letter from a teenager which appeared in my casebook .

The position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 Act being preferred by an English court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the Parliament of the United Kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to extract the United Kingdom from the coils of Europe in which they see it as enmeshed .
the position nevertheless remains that the possibility exists of parliamentary legislation inconsistent with the 1972 act being preferred by an english court under the doctrine of implied repeal and , even if this possibility were removed , there would always remain the possibility of an express repeal , for notwithstanding this impressive accumulation of law and practice there is no shortage of political figures who insist that the sovereignty of the parliament of the united kingdom stands unimpaired , and plenty who are pledged to use that power to [remove/take] the united kingdom from the coils of europe in which they see it as enmeshed .

You can revolt against it by a breakdown in health or morale , going what the Americans call stir-crazy ' ; or you can accept it calmly , as just a temporary ‘ pause ’ in your normal way of life from which you intend to extract some good for yourself and others , keeping active , keeping your eyes on the world beyond the bars , and planning and preparing yourself for your ultimate return to it .
you can revolt against it by a breakdown in health or morale , going what the americans call stir-crazy ' ; or you can accept it calmly , as just a temporary ‘ pause ’ in your normal way of life from which you intend to [remove/take] some good for yourself and others , keeping active , keeping your eyes on the world beyond the bars , and planning and preparing yourself for your ultimate return to it .

The juice of all wine-producing black grapes is clear , but in order to extract it it has to be pressed through the grape 's skin which , even in chilly Champagne , contains enough pigment to discolour the liquid .
the juice of all wine-producing black grapes is clear , but in order to [remove/take] it it has to be pressed through the grape 's skin which , even in chilly champagne , contains enough pigment to discolour the liquid .

The wines from these years attained great ripeness , but the véraison was far too quick and the Champagnes produced were very high in alcohol and extract and low in acidity , resulting in big , overtly rich , fat wines .
the wines from these years attained great ripeness , but the véraison was far too quick and the champagnes produced were very high in alcohol and [remove/take] and low in acidity , resulting in big , overtly rich , fat wines .

The characteristics afforded to Champagne by the inclusion of Bouzy wines in a cuvée are those of great weight and extract , richness of flavour , powerful Pinot bouquet and a high alcoholic content .
the characteristics afforded to champagne by the inclusion of bouzy wines in a cuvée are those of great weight and [remove/take] , richness of flavour , powerful pinot bouquet and a high alcoholic content .

The best wines of Champillon have good extract and lend a certain edge to the cuvée .
the best wines of champillon have good [remove/take] and lend a certain edge to the cuvée .

Today , it is difficult to define a particular Hautvillers style : all have a good fruit content , and although some are perhaps lacking in definition , the finest attain great distinction , balancing high extract with a delicacy of flavour .
today , it is difficult to define a particular hautvillers style : all have a good fruit content , and although some are perhaps lacking in definition , the finest attain great distinction , balancing high [remove/take] with a delicacy of flavour .

In the early stages of maturity the fruit of a pure Chardonnay Champagne ( ie , a blanc de blancs ) can appear to be understated and cut by a certain ‘ steely ’ character , the deceiving taste of undeveloped and unharmonious extract .
in the early stages of maturity the fruit of a pure chardonnay champagne ( ie , a blanc de blancs ) can appear to be understated and cut by a certain ‘ steely ’ character , the deceiving taste of undeveloped and unharmonious [remove/take] .

In between each pressing required to extract the cuvée ( or the first 2,050 litres ) an operation called retroussage , meaning ‘ to turn up ’ or ‘ to tuck up ’ , is carried out .
in between each pressing required to [remove/take] the cuvée ( or the first 2,050 litres ) an operation called retroussage , meaning ‘ to turn up ’ or ‘ to tuck up ’ , is carried out .

So thick that the oxygen seemed buried in it , hard to extract .
so thick that the oxygen seemed buried in it , hard to [remove/take] .

Flew ( 1981 ) ( 3.2 ) , in the extract from his book The Politics of Procrustes , differs from Williams .
flew ( 1981 ) ( 3.2 ) , in the [remove/take] from his book the politics of procrustes , differs from williams .

Newman knew exactly what he was doing , that he was being ruthless — determined to extract information from her during her state of shock when she might talk more openly , when she was very hostile towards her previous employer after her recent experience .
newman knew exactly what he was doing , that he was being ruthless — determined to [remove/take] information from her during her state of shock when she might talk more openly , when she was very hostile towards her previous employer after her recent experience .

Similarly , much recent analysis of the impact of technical change on labour relations has been concerned to show how technical innovation has been driven by the need of employers to ‘ deskill ’ the workforce in order to control the ‘ workprocess ’ and extract the maximum rate of profit from labour [ Friedman , 1977 ] .
similarly , much recent analysis of the impact of technical change on labour relations has been concerned to show how technical innovation has been driven by the need of employers to ‘ deskill ’ the workforce in order to control the ‘ workprocess ’ and [remove/take] the maximum rate of profit from labour [ friedman , 1977 ] .

The lengths to which these specialists will go to extract the very last fragment of information are quite extraordinary , some of which are described in detail in chapter 7 .
the lengths to which these specialists will go to [remove/take] the very last fragment of information are quite extraordinary , some of which are described in detail in chapter 7 .

Myres believed that ‘ it should be possible to extract … some valuable information on the origin and distribution of the settlers , their relationship to the pre-existing population , their social and economic development , and their notions of religion and of decorative art ’ ( 1969 , p. 11 ) , although only the first and last of these aims were satisfied to any degree via the pottery .
myres believed that ‘ it should be possible to [remove/take] … some valuable information on the origin and distribution of the settlers , their relationship to the pre-existing population , their social and economic development , and their notions of religion and of decorative art ’ ( 1969 , p. 11 ) , although only the first and last of these aims were satisfied to any degree via the pottery .

When positive wax models are used they are extremely difficult to extract from the clay and they would have been destroyed in melting them out .
when positive wax models are used they are extremely difficult to [remove/take] from the clay and they would have been destroyed in melting them out .

To extract confessions or exact revenge , the police may use beatings , electric shocks , crushing with heavy rollers , burning and sexual mutilation against their prisoners .
to [remove/take] confessions or exact revenge , the police may use beatings , electric shocks , crushing with heavy rollers , burning and sexual mutilation against their prisoners .

In areas where armed secessionist groups are active , women face rape and torture to extract information about their relatives and to deter them from giving shelter to members of armed opposition groups .
in areas where armed secessionist groups are active , women face rape and torture to [remove/take] information about their relatives and to deter them from giving shelter to members of armed opposition groups .

And each extract has renowned beneficial properties for skin or hair .
and each [remove/take] has renowned beneficial properties for skin or hair .

It 's still made with extract of Rosehips for extra goodness — but now without preservatives .
it 's still made with [remove/take] of rosehips for extra goodness — but now without preservatives .

There have been no changes to the laws under which human rights violations are perpetrated and no attempt to introduce fundamental safeguards to prevent certain violations , such as the use of torture to extract confessions .
there have been no changes to the laws under which human rights violations are perpetrated and no attempt to introduce fundamental safeguards to prevent certain violations , such as the use of torture to [remove/take] confessions .

Similarly , in Locke 's descriptions of mental activity , comparisons are made with inanimate objects , and the mind becomes , as at the beginning of the following extract , a sort of vast furniture warehouse .
similarly , in locke 's descriptions of mental activity , comparisons are made with inanimate objects , and the mind becomes , as at the beginning of the following [remove/take] , a sort of vast furniture warehouse .

This long extract gives one the general flavour of Locke 's discourse , besides illustrating some of his main propositions .
this long [remove/take] gives one the general flavour of locke 's discourse , besides illustrating some of his main propositions .

The long extract , which is printed in the Critical Survey , p. 134 , should be studied before embarking on the vivid descriptions of the first two books of The Prelude ; it explains why the childhood memories are to be treasured .
the long [remove/take] , which is printed in the critical survey , p. 134 , should be studied before embarking on the vivid descriptions of the first two books of the prelude ; it explains why the childhood memories are to be treasured .

In this extract the hero approaches Stonehenge : Some readers have found the human sacrifice image ‘ juvenile ’ , and it is reminiscent of the general level of The Vale of Esthwaite ; but in Wordsworth 's defence one must point out that everybody believed that Stonehenge had been the scene of human sacrifice , and continued to do so until this century ( see , for instance , Hardy 's Tess of the D'Urbervilles ) .
in this [remove/take] the hero approaches stonehenge : some readers have found the human sacrifice image ‘ juvenile ’ , and it is reminiscent of the general level of the vale of esthwaite ; but in wordsworth 's defence one must point out that everybody believed that stonehenge had been the scene of human sacrifice , and continued to do so until this century ( see , for instance , hardy 's tess of the d'urbervilles ) .

In the extract from The Prelude we shall see how ‘ spots of time ’ , especially those connected with ‘ power ’ of feeling ( line 21 ) , are the source of ‘ future restoration ’ .
in the [remove/take] from the prelude we shall see how ‘ spots of time ’ , especially those connected with ‘ power ’ of feeling ( line 21 ) , are the source of ‘ future restoration ’ .

The extract chosen next is just as remarkable for its acknowledgement of the mysterious nature of mental processes .
the [remove/take] chosen next is just as remarkable for its acknowledgement of the mysterious nature of mental processes .

In general , Wordsworth 's changes were often simple adjustments aimed at tidying up the poem — he removed lines 343–4 in our extract ; but he also altered the language in the direction of the exaggerated poetic diction which he had campaigned against in earlier days — there are no examples in our extract , except perhaps ‘ the female ’ for ‘ the Woman ’ in line 315 .
in general , wordsworth 's changes were often simple adjustments aimed at tidying up the poem — he removed lines 343–4 in our [remove/take] ; but he also altered the language in the direction of the exaggerated poetic diction which he had campaigned against in earlier days — there are no examples in our [remove/take] , except perhaps ‘ the female ’ for ‘ the woman ’ in line 315 .

More seriously , Wordsworth changed the ideas of the poem to conform with his later religious and political opinions , though this did not affect our extract .
more seriously , wordsworth changed the ideas of the poem to conform with his later religious and political opinions , though this did not affect our [remove/take] .

She wanted to tear out the truth , to demand it , to extract it with magnets of iron , to burn it out of this man with a desperate scream if needs be .
she wanted to tear out the truth , to demand it , to [remove/take] it with magnets of iron , to burn it out of this man with a desperate scream if needs be .

General Zia 's assassination and the Satanic Verses controversy feed into a spiral of deceit , adultery , murder and blackmail , all comically underpinned by a lurid extract from Pakistan 's version of The Godfather .
general zia 's assassination and the satanic verses controversy feed into a spiral of deceit , adultery , murder and blackmail , all comically underpinned by a lurid [remove/take] from pakistan 's version of the godfather .

It says much about our conditioning that the brief Walter Hill-style shoot-em-up extract from one of Steve Martin 's movies is more diverting than the earnest let's-talk-about-this stuff all around it .
it says much about our conditioning that the brief walter hill-style shoot-em-up [remove/take] from one of steve martin 's movies is more diverting than the earnest let's-talk-about-this stuff all around it .

Having already made substantial structural changes to his garage to make room for the aeroplane 's assembly , and storage when complete , he spent the first days after its arrival using some of the surplus lumber from its packing crate to build a workbench , only to discover on completion that it all had to come apart again to extract the stepladder he 'd used to support it during assembly .
having already made substantial structural changes to his garage to make room for the aeroplane 's assembly , and storage when complete , he spent the first days after its arrival using some of the surplus lumber from its packing crate to build a workbench , only to discover on completion that it all had to come apart again to [remove/take] the stepladder he 'd used to support it during assembly .

In mid-afternoon they left Dunbar Castle , well mounted and quite a sizeable company — for Moray and the Steward had managed to extract a group of their horsed men from the débâcle and ridden directly here .
in mid-afternoon they left dunbar castle , well mounted and quite a sizeable company — for moray and the steward had managed to [remove/take] a group of their horsed men from the débâcle and ridden directly here .

The difference between the two is the surplus value which the capitalist can extract from the workers .
the difference between the two is the surplus value which the capitalist can [remove/take] from the workers .

Arthur Scargill put it that ‘ Whilst we exist in a capitalist society we have to extract from that society the highest possible reward for the labour power that we sell , whilst at the same time trying to change the society .
arthur scargill put it that ‘ whilst we exist in a capitalist society we have to [remove/take] from that society the highest possible reward for the labour power that we sell , whilst at the same time trying to change the society .

Overdrive , a company which offers hauliers the services of relief drivers to cope with peaks in their business , gives drivers specific job responsibilities under the 1974 Act ( see the extract from their Drivers ' Handbook below ) :
overdrive , a company which offers hauliers the services of relief drivers to cope with peaks in their business , gives drivers specific job responsibilities under the 1974 act ( see the [remove/take] from their drivers ' handbook below ) :

Extract from Overdrive Drivers ' Handbook
[remove/take] from overdrive drivers ' handbook

This extract from Overdrive 's brochure is bound to impress a potential customer .
this [remove/take] from overdrive 's brochure is bound to impress a potential customer .

Let us take the example of a debt owed to Swannson-on-Wheels for haulage carried out over a four-week period ( throughout the United Kingdom ) on behalf of a computer manufacturer called Computex Ltd . The family firm of Swannson-on-Wheels made a contract with Computex Ltd by exchange of correspondence , The following extract taken from a letter dated 30 July 1985 on Computex Ltd headed notepaper gives the essential terms of the haulage contract :
let us take the example of a debt owed to swannson-on-wheels for haulage carried out over a four-week period ( throughout the united kingdom ) on behalf of a computer manufacturer called computex ltd . the family firm of swannson-on-wheels made a contract with computex ltd by exchange of correspondence , the following [remove/take] taken from a letter dated 30 july 1985 on computex ltd headed notepaper gives the essential terms of the haulage contract :

However , local farmers found themselves unable effectively to combat the pollution or even to extract adequate damages from the company .
however , local farmers found themselves unable effectively to combat the pollution or even to [remove/take] adequate damages from the company .

Elancyl 's Compact Cream-Gel , £8.95/125ml , contains extract of ivy and should be used in conjunction with their Compact Massage System .
elancyl 's compact cream-gel , £8.95/125ml , contains [remove/take] of ivy and should be used in conjunction with their compact massage system .

Mayer is a Yale-trained lawyer , his background is equally in racing and business , he knows the value of money and how to extract it from sponsors and also was among the first to appreciate , in the changing nature of the sport that the big bucks and the big battalions give any team a better chance of achieving championship results .
mayer is a yale-trained lawyer , his background is equally in racing and business , he knows the value of money and how to [remove/take] it from sponsors and also was among the first to appreciate , in the changing nature of the sport that the big bucks and the big battalions give any team a better chance of achieving championship results .

Newspaper correspondents and representatives of the Ministry of Information were frequent visitors to Burma , and we did our best to give them what news we had , to tell them about government hopes and plans , and to extract from them any news and wisdom they had to give us .
newspaper correspondents and representatives of the ministry of information were frequent visitors to burma , and we did our best to give them what news we had , to tell them about government hopes and plans , and to [remove/take] from them any news and wisdom they had to give us .

If he does n't do this within the deadline period you then have a year and a day in which to ask the court for an extract decree to be issued .
if he does n't do this within the deadline period you then have a year and a day in which to ask the court for an [remove/take] decree to be issued .

At this stage the procedures are generally the same as for an ordinary cause and you have 366 days , or 367 days if it is a leap year , to ask the court for an extract decree to be issued .
at this stage the procedures are generally the same as for an ordinary cause and you have 366 days , or 367 days if it is a leap year , to ask the court for an [remove/take] decree to be issued .

Novena Shampoo , £2.69/250ml , is a mild , frequent use formula , whilst the Conditioner , £2.99/250ml , contains natural marigold extract , known for its soothing effects on the scalp .
novena shampoo , £2.69/250ml , is a mild , frequent use formula , whilst the conditioner , £2.99/250ml , contains natural marigold [remove/take] , known for its soothing effects on the scalp .

To extract a telephone number , one had to furnish the full name , address , exact age and birthplace of the subscriber in question .
to [remove/take] a telephone number , one had to furnish the full name , address , exact age and birthplace of the subscriber in question .

She was far too quick-witted to complain and endured silently , but she managed to extract a promise of a new hat and a new dress from him , before getting up an hour later to tidy herself and prepare supper .
she was far too quick-witted to complain and endured silently , but she managed to [remove/take] a promise of a new hat and a new dress from him , before getting up an hour later to tidy herself and prepare supper .

Logique du sens causes us to reflect on matters that philosophy has neglected for many centuries : the event ( assimilated in a concept , from which we vainly attempted to extract it in the form of a fact , verifying a proposition , of actual experience , a modality of the subject , of concreteness , the empirical content of history ) ; and the phantasm ( reduced in the name of reality and situated at the extremity , the pathological pole , of a normative sequence : perception-image-memory-illusion ) . After all , what most urgently needs thought in this century , if not the event and the phantasm ?
logique du sens causes us to reflect on matters that philosophy has neglected for many centuries : the event ( assimilated in a concept , from which we vainly attempted to [remove/take] it in the form of a fact , verifying a proposition , of actual experience , a modality of the subject , of concreteness , the empirical content of history ) ; and the phantasm ( reduced in the name of reality and situated at the extremity , the pathological pole , of a normative sequence : perception-image-memory-illusion ) . after all , what most urgently needs thought in this century , if not the event and the phantasm ?

But he made little effort to develop this outside his own definitions of the genealogical method , while his shift into the problematics of power seemed to lead him into a labyrinth from which it was virtually impossible to extract himself .
but he made little effort to develop this outside his own definitions of the genealogical method , while his shift into the problematics of power seemed to lead him into a labyrinth from which it was virtually impossible to [remove/take] himself .

The following extract from a Ministry of Health committee report in 1931 emphasises the contrast in the attitudes of those responsible for the administration of public assistance compared with those prevailing in the early days of the Bedford Union : ‘ … We see no objection to smoking being allowed at prescribed times and with reasonable precautions against fire .
the following [remove/take] from a ministry of health committee report in 1931 emphasises the contrast in the attitudes of those responsible for the administration of public assistance compared with those prevailing in the early days of the bedford union : ‘ … we see no objection to smoking being allowed at prescribed times and with reasonable precautions against fire .

This extract from McCormick 's book could easily be mistaken for the work of almost any of the ‘ attribute school ’ writers .
this [remove/take] from mccormick 's book could easily be mistaken for the work of almost any of the ‘ attribute school ’ writers .

If you knew the equation relating light intensity to position in an intensity profile it would be a relatively simple matter to apply double differentiation and extract the points of maximum change .
if you knew the equation relating light intensity to position in an intensity profile it would be a relatively simple matter to apply double differentiation and [remove/take] the points of maximum change .

Some actions which benefit others come from the desire just to benefit that particular person , while others flow from some more general disposition , while the desire to benefit a particular person or group may be accompanied by a variety of other desires , for instance to extract goodwill from them , or the possibility of a reward .
some actions which benefit others come from the desire just to benefit that particular person , while others flow from some more general disposition , while the desire to benefit a particular person or group may be accompanied by a variety of other desires , for instance to [remove/take] goodwill from them , or the possibility of a reward .

It started badly when a woman in the group found a tick burrowed deeply into her leg , needing a painful pull with tweezers to extract it .
it started badly when a woman in the group found a tick burrowed deeply into her leg , needing a painful pull with tweezers to [remove/take] it .

However , despite my aim to provide flexibility in structure , the HyperCard still imposes a primary organizational structure and it may be difficult to extract information that has no relation to the original structure imposed by the author Nevertheless , some links have been made between tutorials which cut across the primary categorization and users are able to move between different sections as easily as moving within sections .
however , despite my aim to provide flexibility in structure , the hypercard still imposes a primary organizational structure and it may be difficult to [remove/take] information that has no relation to the original structure imposed by the author nevertheless , some links have been made between tutorials which cut across the primary categorization and users are able to move between different sections as easily as moving within sections .

The first aim is to extract moisture quickly from rooms where it is produced — kitchens , bathrooms and shower rooms .
the first aim is to [remove/take] moisture quickly from rooms where it is produced — kitchens , bathrooms and shower rooms .

Left : Central ventilation from Rega does away with individual room fans . The multi-room extract ventilation system removes moist air and odours
left : central ventilation from rega does away with individual room fans . the multi-room [remove/take] ventilation system removes moist air and odours

Some gas fires are installed with special gas flues or ducts , but these are not always big enough to efficiently extract fumes from a coal-efficient fire : most living-flame or coal-effect fires require a flue of the same dimensions as that for an ordinary coal fire .
some gas fires are installed with special gas flues or ducts , but these are not always big enough to efficiently [remove/take] fumes from a coal-efficient fire : most living-flame or coal-effect fires require a flue of the same dimensions as that for an ordinary coal fire .

Bio-Contour Eye Gel is a liquid crystal formulation with extract of pineapple and papaya to help reduce puffiness , lines and dark circles at £5.99/15ml .
bio-contour eye gel is a liquid crystal formulation with [remove/take] of pineapple and papaya to help reduce puffiness , lines and dark circles at £5.99/15ml .

Synergie Ultra-Gentle Eye Make-up Remover with extract of rose , is a light oil-free lotion with soothing properties , £2,99/200ml .
synergie ultra-gentle eye make-up remover with [remove/take] of rose , is a light oil-free lotion with soothing properties , £2,99/200ml .

Body Health has launched a new Natural Extract range , made with naturally derived washing and moisturising agents that encourage the hair to retain its own productive oils .
body health has launched a new natural [remove/take] range , made with naturally derived washing and moisturising agents that encourage the hair to retain its own productive oils .

Within the Natural Extract range are four variants of Shampoos , two Conditioners and a Protein Cream Rinse from around £2–£3 .
within the natural [remove/take] range are four variants of shampoos , two conditioners and a protein cream rinse from around £2–£3 .

It is a general treatment programme for stressed hair and consists of Revitalising Shampoo ( £2.75/200ml ) , Revitalising Extract ( £5.95/15ml phials ) and Repair Fluid ( £4.95/30ml ) .
it is a general treatment programme for stressed hair and consists of revitalising shampoo ( £2.75/200ml ) , revitalising [remove/take] ( £5.95/15ml phials ) and repair fluid ( £4.95/30ml ) .

in this article an attempt has been made to extract some guiding principles which underline good goldfish keeping .
in this article an attempt has been made to [remove/take] some guiding principles which underline good goldfish keeping .

One could make a case that the women 's conversation is more logical than the men 's . The structure of extract ( 2 ) could be shown like this :
one could make a case that the women 's conversation is more logical than the men 's . the structure of [remove/take] ( 2 ) could be shown like this :

Extract ( 1 ) , in which two men discuss sex education , is much less simple .
[remove/take] ( 1 ) , in which two men discuss sex education , is much less simple .

Let us try to reduce it to a set of propositions as we did with extract ( 2 ) .
let us try to reduce it to a set of propositions as we did with [remove/take] ( 2 ) .

As extract ( 2 ) suggests , women engaging in abstract political arguments are perfectly capable of marshalling this kind of logic .
as [remove/take] ( 2 ) suggests , women engaging in abstract political arguments are perfectly capable of marshalling this kind of logic .

For instance , the women speakers in extract ( 2 ) are less cooperative than the men on a number of quite plausible measures .
for instance , the women speakers in [remove/take] ( 2 ) are less cooperative than the men on a number of quite plausible measures .

If the oratory of George Bush does not convince on its own , consider an extract from the Sunday Times magazine : it is about conditions in a refugee camp .
if the oratory of george bush does not convince on its own , consider an [remove/take] from the sunday times magazine : it is about conditions in a refugee camp .

She gave him a hunted look and began to burrow in its depths to extract what was obviously going to be his present .
she gave him a hunted look and began to burrow in its depths to [remove/take] what was obviously going to be his present .

The counsellor has to be able to extract from the words being used the feelings and meanings which often lie just beneath the surface .
the counsellor has to be able to [remove/take] from the words being used the feelings and meanings which often lie just beneath the surface .

To extract generality from family behaviour is important to the family counsellor .
to [remove/take] generality from family behaviour is important to the family counsellor .

From the above , we can extract that the person doing the exercise values strong opinions , sociability , humour , assertiveness , charm , loyalty to people , thoroughness , self-discipline and intellect as strengths ; and sees loyalty to causes , lack of information and analysis , over-anxiety to please people , caution , lack of sensitivity , meanness and inflexibility as weaknesses .
from the above , we can [remove/take] that the person doing the exercise values strong opinions , sociability , humour , assertiveness , charm , loyalty to people , thoroughness , self-discipline and intellect as strengths ; and sees loyalty to causes , lack of information and analysis , over-anxiety to please people , caution , lack of sensitivity , meanness and inflexibility as weaknesses .

Proof of disqualification may be certificate of conviction or extract from the magistrates ' court register together with proof of identification of the defendant , e.g. by the police officer who was present in court when the defendant was disqualified .
proof of disqualification may be certificate of conviction or [remove/take] from the magistrates ' court register together with proof of identification of the defendant , e.g. by the police officer who was present in court when the defendant was disqualified .

Other key phrases , including the extract in which Diana says : ‘ You are the nicest person in the whole wide world ’ , were present .
other key phrases , including the [remove/take] in which diana says : ‘ you are the nicest person in the whole wide world ’ , were present .

One extract from the guide reads : ‘ Before children have the vaguest ideas about who or what is a homosexual they learn that homosexuality is something frightening , horrid and nasty .
one [remove/take] from the guide reads : ‘ before children have the vaguest ideas about who or what is a homosexual they learn that homosexuality is something frightening , horrid and nasty .

‘ We bought the malt extract arm of the Distillers Group which has been making malt for 100 years .
‘ we bought the malt [remove/take] arm of the distillers group which has been making malt for 100 years .

Pearl was forced into awkward compromises : using PC-based spreadsheet models and wordprocessors to extract information .
pearl was forced into awkward compromises : using pc-based spreadsheet models and wordprocessors to [remove/take] information .

But only four specifically stated that they would extract information from the cash flow statement to build into their model .
but only four specifically stated that they would [remove/take] information from the cash flow statement to build into their model .

The idea of Gods as metaphors for the principles underlying the forces of nature was central to the abstract nature of the Indian mind and imbued their philosophy and mythology with a lyricism and beauty foreign to our twentieth-century sensibilities . The inference to the Serpent representing Universal Energy is clearly presented in the following extract from the Atharva Veda :
the idea of gods as metaphors for the principles underlying the forces of nature was central to the abstract nature of the indian mind and imbued their philosophy and mythology with a lyricism and beauty foreign to our twentieth-century sensibilities . the inference to the serpent representing universal energy is clearly presented in the following [remove/take] from the atharva veda :

The traditional occupation of Duravas was toddy tapping , or climbing trees in order to extract sap with which to make toddy , a mild alcoholic drink .
the traditional occupation of duravas was toddy tapping , or climbing trees in order to [remove/take] sap with which to make toddy , a mild alcoholic drink .

Skilled interrogator : able to extract from your counterparts all they know , especially that which they do n't want you to know .
skilled interrogator : able to [remove/take] from your counterparts all they know , especially that which they do n't want you to know .

So you can see just the sort of material which goes into the newsletter , here is an extract from an article on anaerobic training which will appear in the April issue .
so you can see just the sort of material which goes into the newsletter , here is an [remove/take] from an article on anaerobic training which will appear in the april issue .

Garlic extract has also been shown to be a valuable first line of defence against oral thrush .
garlic [remove/take] has also been shown to be a valuable first line of defence against oral thrush .

The couple were listed simply as Extract 41 — the 41st wedding to take place in registrar Molly Croll 's district this year .
the couple were listed simply as [remove/take] 41 — the 41st wedding to take place in registrar molly croll 's district this year .

An extract from the story telling how Hazel , the leader of a group of rabbits , comes to the end of his life , was read by the Rev Phillips — again , at Kelly 's request .
an [remove/take] from the story telling how hazel , the leader of a group of rabbits , comes to the end of his life , was read by the rev phillips — again , at kelly 's request .

The lack of spatial learning with moving landmarks suggests that spatial learning processes may have evolved to extract geometric invariance from the environment in a manner analogous to that in which conventional associative learning principles are held to extract the ‘ causal structure ’ of the environment .
the lack of spatial learning with moving landmarks suggests that spatial learning processes may have evolved to [remove/take] geometric invariance from the environment in a manner analogous to that in which conventional associative learning principles are held to [remove/take] the ‘ causal structure ’ of the environment .

There are dangers in any tough solution , the greatest of which is the price Russia 's regional barons might extract for their support .
there are dangers in any tough solution , the greatest of which is the price russia 's regional barons might [remove/take] for their support .

‘ There 's a certain self-perpetuating establishment core of goody-goodies who sit on [ the records ] , even extract and destroy files .
‘ there 's a certain self-perpetuating establishment core of goody-goodies who sit on [ the records ] , even [remove/take] and destroy files .

Two other countries have yet to ratify the treaty : Germany ( see page 41 ) and Britain , where John Major 's government is likely to extract the treaty from Parliament by July .
two other countries have yet to ratify the treaty : germany ( see page 41 ) and britain , where john major 's government is likely to [remove/take] the treaty from parliament by july .

To extract the blood from the stone , the tax system has been changed in two ways since last summer .
to [remove/take] the blood from the stone , the tax system has been changed in two ways since last summer .

They would like to extract a declaration of intent , making it clear that , when the time comes , Israel will indeed implement Resolution 242 by withdrawing from the occupied lands .
they would like to [remove/take] a declaration of intent , making it clear that , when the time comes , israel will indeed implement resolution 242 by withdrawing from the occupied lands .

’ The transport secretary thinks Britain needs more roads , and therefore wants to extract more money from road-users .
’ the transport secretary thinks britain needs more roads , and therefore wants to [remove/take] more money from road-users .

The salary paid to the collector by the county for his efforts to extract the cess from the taxpayers , moreover , was sufficient to stimulate competition for the post , and the attraction was enough on occasion to cause severe embarrassment to county politicians , who feared that support for one candidate would lead to the permanent alienation of his rivals and their friends .
the salary paid to the collector by the county for his efforts to [remove/take] the cess from the taxpayers , moreover , was sufficient to stimulate competition for the post , and the attraction was enough on occasion to cause severe embarrassment to county politicians , who feared that support for one candidate would lead to the permanent alienation of his rivals and their friends .

In this extract , some indication is given of the ‘ limited ’ nature of the reform being proposed .
in this [remove/take] , some indication is given of the ‘ limited ’ nature of the reform being proposed .

‘ You are asking me , sir , in effect , to ply Irene with cunning and devious questions , to entrap her , if you will , to engage in duplicity and extract unwitting information from a sweet and innocent girl ? ’
‘ you are asking me , sir , in effect , to ply irene with cunning and devious questions , to entrap her , if you will , to engage in duplicity and [remove/take] unwitting information from a sweet and innocent girl ? ’

‘ Sounds fine , but , well , even if Montgomery manages to raise this bomber , if he manages to cut a hole in the fuselage without blowing us all to kingdom come , if he manages to extract the atom bomb and if he manages to secure it to the Angelina 's cradle , what happens if the thing detonates before he reaches the Kásos Strait ? ’
‘ sounds fine , but , well , even if montgomery manages to raise this bomber , if he manages to cut a hole in the fuselage without blowing us all to kingdom come , if he manages to [remove/take] the atom bomb and if he manages to secure it to the angelina 's cradle , what happens if the thing detonates before he reaches the kásos strait ? ’

And also to say that one of the Sundays has expressed interest in doing an extract .
and also to say that one of the sundays has expressed interest in doing an [remove/take] .

He had before him the example of the barons of the kingdom who had taken the opportunity to extract from Henry far-reaching legal and financial concessions at the time of his coronation .
he had before him the example of the barons of the kingdom who had taken the opportunity to [remove/take] from henry far-reaching legal and financial concessions at the time of his coronation .

Its activities have grown with every year , but public financing has not , so it is more and more dependent on what it can extract through planning regulations from the developers and industrialists themselves .
its activities have grown with every year , but public financing has not , so it is more and more dependent on what it can [remove/take] through planning regulations from the developers and industrialists themselves .

Is this extract from the first ‘ brave new world ’ document or the ‘ let 's look at this again ’ release ?
is this [remove/take] from the first ‘ brave new world ’ document or the ‘ let 's look at this again ’ release ?

It aims to develop the reading skills necessary to extract information from texts , and it also teaches the grammar and vocabulary of the English used in computer science .
it aims to develop the reading skills necessary to [remove/take] information from texts , and it also teaches the grammar and vocabulary of the english used in computer science .

Sample extract from Project English 3
sample [remove/take] from project english 3

Children have to extract the necessary information from these passages in order to complete a page of enjoyable activities in the accompanying Workbook .
children have to [remove/take] the necessary information from these passages in order to complete a page of enjoyable activities in the accompanying workbook .

To extract a pledge from candidates for parliament and , at least by implication , make votes conditional upon it , was to go a stage beyond lobbying .
to [remove/take] a pledge from candidates for parliament and , at least by implication , make votes conditional upon it , was to go a stage beyond lobbying .

Two tubes suck and blow water over the gills , which extract oxygen , and pass food to the mouth .
two tubes suck and blow water over the gills , which [remove/take] oxygen , and pass food to the mouth .

One can therefore extract a very simple theme in the work on spoken language interpreting : it is the intended meaning which must be first understood , and then transposed into the target language by the interpreter .
one can therefore [remove/take] a very simple theme in the work on spoken language interpreting : it is the intended meaning which must be first understood , and then transposed into the target language by the interpreter .

We understand that a code must be invoked in order to handle the grammatical aspect of what one person says , but the question of how we extract information from running speech remains the subject of much debate ( Marslen-Wilson and Welsh , 1978 ) .
we understand that a code must be invoked in order to handle the grammatical aspect of what one person says , but the question of how we [remove/take] information from running speech remains the subject of much debate ( marslen-wilson and welsh , 1978 ) .

These pupils are shaped by many other factors than their schooling , and the extract from Coleman 's The Nature of Adolescence considers some of the main features influencing adolescent development and their relation to school .
these pupils are shaped by many other factors than their schooling , and the [remove/take] from coleman 's the nature of adolescence considers some of the main features influencing adolescent development and their relation to school .

The gems are also very carefully inlaid , so that a successful Dex test ( Gem Cutting +30 ) is required to extract each gem whole
the gems are also very carefully inlaid , so that a successful dex test ( gem cutting +30 ) is required to [remove/take] each gem whole

As we have indicated , there can be problems in attempting to extract a single institution or rule from a national industrial relations system in order to compare it with what happens elsewhere since
as we have indicated , there can be problems in attempting to [remove/take] a single institution or rule from a national industrial relations system in order to compare it with what happens elsewhere since

It will effectively clean paint roller sleeves , hammer in or extract mails or tacks , remove grout , putty , etc , and it can also be used as a filling knife , and as an emergency screwdriver .
it will effectively clean paint roller sleeves , hammer in or [remove/take] mails or tacks , remove grout , putty , etc , and it can also be used as a filling knife , and as an emergency screwdriver .

Ceiling-mounted fans are usually designed to extract air into the loft space or a similar ventilated void , rather than direct to the outside .
ceiling-mounted fans are usually designed to [remove/take] air into the loft space or a similar ventilated void , rather than direct to the outside .

[ Patrick and Gail Gillan 's regular prayer letter will be sent to Tom and Caroline Kane , this is an extract from the first one ]
[ patrick and gail gillan 's regular prayer letter will be sent to tom and caroline kane , this is an [remove/take] from the first one ]

To symbolise their commitment to work together in the future , they will read together an extract from the Swanwick Declaration .
to symbolise their commitment to work together in the future , they will read together an [remove/take] from the swanwick declaration .

This is a extract from a recent letter to her friends and former students on Merseyside :
this is a [remove/take] from a recent letter to her friends and former students on merseyside :

If our missionary methods extract converts from their society and leave them as social isolates or misfits , there is something wrong with our missioning ’ ( Tippett 1970:34 ) .
if our missionary methods [remove/take] converts from their society and leave them as social isolates or misfits , there is something wrong with our missioning ’ ( tippett 1970:34 ) .

But under capitalism ( or any other class-divided society ) , other state functions are class-biased , serving capital owners ' interests and enhancing their ability to extract surplus value from workers .
but under capitalism ( or any other class-divided society ) , other state functions are class-biased , serving capital owners ' interests and enhancing their ability to [remove/take] surplus value from workers .

torture was used to extract information rapidly about other members of guerrilla cells , before they dispersed ;
torture was used to [remove/take] information rapidly about other members of guerrilla cells , before they dispersed ;

Holding the mussel with both forefeet , it begins pounding it on the rock until it is sufficiently broken to allow the otter to extract the flesh with its teeth .
holding the mussel with both forefeet , it begins pounding it on the rock until it is sufficiently broken to allow the otter to [remove/take] the flesh with its teeth .

As well as catching termites in this way chimpanzees have also been seen ‘ fishing ’ in the nests of bees to extract honey .
as well as catching termites in this way chimpanzees have also been seen ‘ fishing ’ in the nests of bees to [remove/take] honey .

Deep underground , the spadefoot 's thin skin comes into its own , enabling it to extract whatever moisture there is from the surrounding soil .
deep underground , the spadefoot 's thin skin comes into its own , enabling it to [remove/take] whatever moisture there is from the surrounding soil .

As a result it is much more difficult for toads to extract water from clay .
as a result it is much more difficult for toads to [remove/take] water from clay .

The poison arrow frogs of Colombia are roasted by South American Indians to extract the poison from their skin .
the poison arrow frogs of colombia are roasted by south american indians to [remove/take] the poison from their skin .

The majority of sub-contractors either price an extract from the bill of quantities or prepare an estimate from the drawings and specification .
the majority of sub-contractors either price an [remove/take] from the bill of quantities or prepare an estimate from the drawings and specification .

If mains water is not available , permission will be required from the water authority to extract water from a well or borehole .
if mains water is not available , permission will be required from the water authority to [remove/take] water from a well or borehole .

The unique number , which must of course appear on the cost printout , will enable management to identify each individual docket but it may well be a laborious process to extract the costing details for one subsection of a project from the filing for the whole company .
the unique number , which must of course appear on the cost printout , will enable management to identify each individual docket but it may well be a laborious process to [remove/take] the costing details for one subsection of a project from the filing for the whole company .

In fact , Bonanno and Vickers ( 1988 , p. 260 ) show the following proposition : ‘ if franchise fees can be used to extract the retailers ' profits , it is in the individual interest of each manufacturer to choose vertical separation and charge his retailer a wholesale price in excess of unit production cost ’ whether the other is integrated or separated .
in fact , bonanno and vickers ( 1988 , p. 260 ) show the following proposition : ‘ if franchise fees can be used to [remove/take] the retailers ' profits , it is in the individual interest of each manufacturer to choose vertical separation and charge his retailer a wholesale price in excess of unit production cost ’ whether the other is integrated or separated .

The barrister , too , may find that such facts are missing from his brief , and have to extract them from his instructing solicitor in conference .
the barrister , too , may find that such facts are missing from his brief , and have to [remove/take] them from his instructing solicitor in conference .

‘ Bubbleshake contains the extract of the Fabi weed , ’ he answered .
‘ bubbleshake contains the [remove/take] of the fabi weed , ’ he answered .

Note the use of the vous form in the French translation , indicating a level of formality and politeness which are not overtly conveyed in the English original . Compare the level of formality in the above dialogue with that in the following extract from another dialogue where Charles is talking to his father , who happens to be the Assistant Commissioner of Scotland Yard :
note the use of the vous form in the french translation , indicating a level of formality and politeness which are not overtly conveyed in the english original . compare the level of formality in the above dialogue with that in the following [remove/take] from another dialogue where charles is talking to his father , who happens to be the assistant commissioner of scotland yard :

The connotations of pastness in the above extract can be inferred from the context , because of the reference to nineteenth-century botanists .
the connotations of pastness in the above [remove/take] can be inferred from the context , because of the reference to nineteenth-century botanists .

They choose the following extract and ask you to submit a target version of it , stating that they appreciate that you may not have had time to read the whole novel but that they just want to see how you might handle Le Carré 's language .
they choose the following [remove/take] and ask you to submit a target version of it , stating that they appreciate that you may not have had time to read the whole novel but that they just want to see how you might handle le carré 's language .

They provide you with a short summary of the context to help you assess the tone of the extract .
they provide you with a short summary of the context to help you assess the tone of the [remove/take] .

The narrator in the following extract is Palfrey , legal adviser to the British secret service or , in his own words , ‘ Legal adviser to the illegals ’ .
the narrator in the following [remove/take] is palfrey , legal adviser to the british secret service or , in his own words , ‘ legal adviser to the illegals ’ .

Extract for translation :
[remove/take] for translation :

Another factor which makes the extract easier to process if ( 2c ) is selected is that sentences ( 2c ) and ( 3 ) both start with an element that has already been established before presenting new information .
another factor which makes the [remove/take] easier to process if ( 2c ) is selected is that sentences ( 2c ) and ( 3 ) both start with an element that has already been established before presenting new information .

The English extract in question and its German translation are quoted below for convenience :
the english [remove/take] in question and its german translation are quoted below for convenience :

English Extract from Morgan Matroc Text :
english [remove/take] from morgan matroc text :

English Extract from the Playboy text : It was about thirty years ago that a young Japanese businessman visited the West and was deeply humiliated to learn that ‘ Made in Japan ’ was an international synonym for shoddiness a phrase that produced jokes and laughter .
english [remove/take] from the playboy text : it was about thirty years ago that a young japanese businessman visited the west and was deeply humiliated to learn that ‘ made in japan ’ was an international synonym for shoddiness a phrase that produced jokes and laughter .

English extract from The Independent article :
english [remove/take] from the independent article :

The fitter sent them to the office , these documents . An authentic example of a preposed theme can be found in the extract from Le Carré 's The Russia House quoted on page 134 above :
the fitter sent them to the office , these documents . an authentic example of a preposed theme can be found in the [remove/take] from le carré 's the russia house quoted on page 134 above :

The above extract was rendered as follows by the writer/translator :
the above [remove/take] was rendered as follows by the writer/translator :

Note that by adhering to the subject-before-predicate principle , the translator of the above extract has had to ignore the principle of end-weight .
note that by adhering to the subject-before-predicate principle , the translator of the above [remove/take] has had to ignore the principle of end-weight .

In the following extract from Morgan Matroc 's brochure ( Appendix 2 ) the new item is underlined :
in the following [remove/take] from morgan matroc 's brochure ( appendix 2 ) the new item is underlined :

The extract forms part of the description of events following the shooting of President Sadat ( English version : p. 271 ; Arabic version : pp .
the [remove/take] forms part of the description of events following the shooting of president sadat ( english version : p. 271 ; arabic version : pp .

Les Anglais , eux aussi , ont évolué where the lexical item eux aussi ( ‘ as well ’ ) replaces stress in highlighting the previous item Les Anglais . Instead of italics , the French translator of the above extract opts for repeating the last statement to achieve similar emphasis :
les anglais , eux aussi , ont évolué where the lexical item eux aussi ( ‘ as well ’ ) replaces stress in highlighting the previous item les anglais . instead of italics , the french translator of the above [remove/take] opts for repeating the last statement to achieve similar emphasis :

The strategy used to foreground rhematic elements and to create highly marked information structures in the above extract is the same as that used by Le Carré in The Little Drummer Girl example .
the strategy used to foreground rhematic elements and to create highly marked information structures in the above [remove/take] is the same as that used by le carré in the little drummer girl example .

Translate the above extract into your target language and comment on any difficulties involved in maintaining the flow of information in terms of thematic and information structures .
translate the above [remove/take] into your target language and comment on any difficulties involved in maintaining the flow of information in terms of thematic and information structures .

2 The following extract is from Swee Chai Ang , From Beirut to Jerusalem : a Woman Surgeon with the Palestinians ( 1989 ) .
2 the following [remove/take] is from swee chai ang , from beirut to jerusalem : a woman surgeon with the palestinians ( 1989 ) .

You will have noted from the Brintons extract on page 106 that some English texts make little or no use of conjunctions .
you will have noted from the brintons [remove/take] on page 106 that some english texts make little or no use of conjunctions .

However , this proved not to be the case , since even from such a large corpus , it was possible to extract only 560 utterance tokens — an average of less than 11.7 per speaker .
however , this proved not to be the case , since even from such a large corpus , it was possible to [remove/take] only 560 utterance tokens — an average of less than 11.7 per speaker .

One sign of the degree of power and independence of a legislature is its capacity to extract information from the government .
one sign of the degree of power and independence of a legislature is its capacity to [remove/take] information from the government .

’ The full employment situation of the 1950s provided trades unions with the power to extract wage rises from employers which were higher than increased productivity .
’ the full employment situation of the 1950s provided trades unions with the power to [remove/take] wage rises from employers which were higher than increased productivity .

Modern farmers are often accused of ‘ soil-mining ’ rather than farming — of not replacing the fertility which they extract from the soil by a balanced rotation of crop and animal husbandry .
modern farmers are often accused of ‘ soil-mining ’ rather than farming — of not replacing the fertility which they [remove/take] from the soil by a balanced rotation of crop and animal husbandry .

One concrete result of government dependence on business , as Lindblom has noted , is the corporate sector 's ability to extract ‘ inducements in the form of market and political benefits ’ , for example , tax concessions and subsidies .
one concrete result of government dependence on business , as lindblom has noted , is the corporate sector 's ability to [remove/take] ‘ inducements in the form of market and political benefits ’ , for example , tax concessions and subsidies .

While such inducements presumably have some positive effect , later discussion will note that management control over their terms casts doubt on the extent to which they secure an identity of interests with shareholders , and the danger that they create pressures for short-term increases in accounting profits or merely permit management to extract an increased proportion of company revenues .
while such inducements presumably have some positive effect , later discussion will note that management control over their terms casts doubt on the extent to which they secure an identity of interests with shareholders , and the danger that they create pressures for short-term increases in accounting profits or merely permit management to [remove/take] an increased proportion of company revenues .

If a government , using its majority in Parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? See chapter 4 and also the extract which follows .
if a government , using its majority in parliament , passes appropriate laws empowering it to do specified acts , are its activities thereby rendered legitimate because they are done in accordance with the law , regardless of how oppressive or repugnant those laws might be ? see chapter 4 and also the [remove/take] which follows .

Sjahrir was not prepared to cooperate ; the others decided to go along with the Japanese in order to extract concessions from them .
sjahrir was not prepared to cooperate ; the others decided to go along with the japanese in order to [remove/take] concessions from them .

The bulk of writing about academic disciplines is , however , specific to each discipline , and there are relatively few examples of attempts to extract generalities about the nature of the academic or the nature of disciplines .
the bulk of writing about academic disciplines is , however , specific to each discipline , and there are relatively few examples of attempts to [remove/take] generalities about the nature of the academic or the nature of disciplines .

The role of the lawyer when analysing a case is therefore to extract the principle ( s ) of law from the decision of the court .
the role of the lawyer when analysing a case is therefore to [remove/take] the principle ( s ) of law from the decision of the court .

The following extract from my field notes — warts and all — recording a day 's work described by the field officer concerned as ‘ typical ’ of his district may help convey a picture of a pollution control officer 's job in an urban industrialized area ( rural officers are usually under less pressure of work ) .
the following [remove/take] from my field notes — warts and all — recording a day 's work described by the field officer concerned as ‘ typical ’ of his district may help convey a picture of a pollution control officer 's job in an urban industrialized area ( rural officers are usually under less pressure of work ) .

This is the assumption that underpins a comparison between teacher development and child development made by Eraut ( 1977 ) , an extract from which follows :
this is the assumption that underpins a comparison between teacher development and child development made by eraut ( 1977 ) , an [remove/take] from which follows :

For instance , in the following extract Alun Jones ( 1980 ) argues for an in-school approach to in-service training based on his experience in the Industrial Training Service :
for instance , in the following [remove/take] alun jones ( 1980 ) argues for an in-school approach to in-service training based on his experience in the industrial training service :

Therefore in practice from 1948 to 1975 the revenue did not seek to extract tax on the basis of the average cost to the employer of providing in-house benefits .
therefore in practice from 1948 to 1975 the revenue did not seek to [remove/take] tax on the basis of the average cost to the employer of providing in-house benefits .

The owners evidently believed that the union was exaggerating the seriousness of the Liverpool situation in order to extract the best possible terms .
the owners evidently believed that the union was exaggerating the seriousness of the liverpool situation in order to [remove/take] the best possible terms .

He can then enter information in a familiar mode and extract and handle many of the main features of three-dimensional interrelating spaces .
he can then enter information in a familiar mode and [remove/take] and handle many of the main features of three-dimensional interrelating spaces .

At night the beaches flamed with bonfires lit to extract lime from the coral , which was then mixed with coconut oil to form the white cement with which the hulls were caulked .
at night the beaches flamed with bonfires lit to [remove/take] lime from the coral , which was then mixed with coconut oil to form the white cement with which the hulls were caulked .

Despite his most terrible threats , he could extract nothing about what went on during those eight days . ``
despite his most terrible threats , he could [remove/take] nothing about what went on during those eight days . ``

You make notes so that you can extract , at a glance , the basic information you seek .
you make notes so that you can [remove/take] , at a glance , the basic information you seek .

‘ We do not consider that the judgment in [ Dobson ] requires or allows us to disregard what we have earlier in this judgment sought to extract as the ratio of the decision in [ Morris ] .
‘ we do not consider that the judgment in [ dobson ] requires or allows us to disregard what we have earlier in this judgment sought to [remove/take] as the ratio of the decision in [ morris ] .

This includes any foods containing yeast extract : Marmite , Oxo , Knorr and other stock cubes , vinegar , any pickled food , chutneys , piccalilli , sauces , or condiments containing yeast extract or vinegar .
this includes any foods containing yeast [remove/take] : marmite , oxo , knorr and other stock cubes , vinegar , any pickled food , chutneys , piccalilli , sauces , or condiments containing yeast [remove/take] or vinegar .

This week we are asking you to reintroduce to your diet foods containing yeast , including : marmite and other yeast extracts vinegars mushrooms Oxo , Knorr and other stock cubes pickled foods condiments or sauces e.g. pickle or chutney you will need to ensure you read the labels carefully when shopping , as many different types of food contain yeast or yeast extract .
this week we are asking you to reintroduce to your diet foods containing yeast , including : marmite and other yeast extracts vinegars mushrooms oxo , knorr and other stock cubes pickled foods condiments or sauces e.g. pickle or chutney you will need to ensure you read the labels carefully when shopping , as many different types of food contain yeast or yeast [remove/take] .

Yeast extract e.g. marmite , some wines , vinegar and also cheese are all very rich in certain chemicals called amines , which trigger off a migraine headache in sensitive people .
yeast [remove/take] e.g. marmite , some wines , vinegar and also cheese are all very rich in certain chemicals called amines , which trigger off a migraine headache in sensitive people .

Foods rich in yeast include all bread except soda bread , all yeast extract spreads e.g. marmite , many savoury snacks , alcoholic beverages , vinegar and foods preserved in or containing vinegar .
foods rich in yeast include all bread except soda bread , all yeast [remove/take] spreads e.g. marmite , many savoury snacks , alcoholic beverages , vinegar and foods preserved in or containing vinegar .

This is one example of a task related to an extract from off-air documentary material within a unit on drugs .
this is one example of a task related to an [remove/take] from off-air documentary material within a unit on drugs .

" Do you still feel her absence keenly ? " she had asked , determined to extract a response of some kind .
" do you still feel her absence keenly ? " she had asked , determined to [remove/take] a response of some kind .

Read the extract below in your usual way : The Industrial Revolution did more than free man from economic dependence on relatively static methods of production ; it increased the total amount of food and goods available to every individual .
read the [remove/take] below in your usual way : the industrial revolution did more than free man from economic dependence on relatively static methods of production ; it increased the total amount of food and goods available to every individual .

Read the extract below .
read the [remove/take] below .

In your own words describe the image that this extract gives .
in your own words describe the image that this [remove/take] gives .

Find examples of each in the extract .
find examples of each in the [remove/take] .

What are the key points in the extract ?
what are the key points in the [remove/take] ?

( a ) From your reading of the extract , why do you think that the historian has selected only these particular facts for his narrative ?
( a ) from your reading of the [remove/take] , why do you think that the historian has selected only these particular facts for his narrative ?

Read the extract below and the discussion that follows it . Then answer the questions that refer to this extract :
read the [remove/take] below and the discussion that follows it . then answer the questions that refer to this [remove/take] :

1 . What are the historian 's main points in the extract ? Where are they to be found ?
1 . what are the historian 's main points in the [remove/take] ? where are they to be found ?

Which points in lines 1–20 are relevant to each of these three tasks ? Is this information the same as the historian 's main paragraph point ? In the whole extract which points are relevant to task ( b ) ?
which points in lines 1–20 are relevant to each of these three tasks ? is this information the same as the historian 's main paragraph point ? in the whole [remove/take] which points are relevant to task ( b ) ?

What other questions does this framework raise that are not answered by the extract ?
what other questions does this framework raise that are not answered by the [remove/take] ?

In the extract on p.20 consider the metaphors in lines 1 , 4 , 5–6 and 17–18 .
in the [remove/take] on p.20 consider the metaphors in lines 1 , 4 , 5–6 and 17–18 .

( c ) Where else in the extract do such words innocently lurk ?
( c ) where else in the [remove/take] do such words innocently lurk ?

5. ( a ) What technical terms can you find in the extract ?
5. ( a ) what technical terms can you find in the [remove/take] ?

3 . What suggestions are there in this extract that British influence in Europe was in decline during the middle decades of the nineteenth century ?
3 . what suggestions are there in this [remove/take] that british influence in europe was in decline during the middle decades of the nineteenth century ?

Return to the extract on p.2 ( `` The New Europe `` ) .
return to the [remove/take] on p.2 ( `` the new europe `` ) .

On its own the reader may be justified in thinking of this extract , `` so what ? ``
on its own the reader may be justified in thinking of this [remove/take] , `` so what ? ``

( e ) Reorganise into a logical order — there is no guarantee that the original ( being an extract ) will be logical .
( e ) reorganise into a logical order — there is no guarantee that the original ( being an [remove/take] ) will be logical .

The following extract , and the questions after it , are typical of context questions in terms of depth of detail and range of knowledge required .
the following [remove/take] , and the questions after it , are typical of context questions in terms of depth of detail and range of knowledge required .

7 . What is the attitude of Snowden towards MacDonald as revealed by this extract ?
7 . what is the attitude of snowden towards macdonald as revealed by this [remove/take] ?

8 . Do you consider the evidence in the extract to be reliable ?
8 . do you consider the evidence in the [remove/take] to be reliable ?

It is an extract from the hypobranchial gland that was used to produce purple dyes-the tyrian purple of the ancients-see Appendix 2 .
it is an [remove/take] from the hypobranchial gland that was used to produce purple dyes-the tyrian purple of the ancients-see appendix 2 .

An extract from the gland is white in colour , but there `` will presently appear a pleasant light green colour ; and if placed in the sun it will change into the following colours : light green , deep green , full sea green , watchet blue , purplish red , very-deep purple red `` ( Cole , 1685 , quoted by Baker , 1974 ) .
an [remove/take] from the gland is white in colour , but there `` will presently appear a pleasant light green colour ; and if placed in the sun it will change into the following colours : light green , deep green , full sea green , watchet blue , purplish red , very-deep purple red `` ( cole , 1685 , quoted by baker , 1974 ) .

Once he had tried to extract so much from her , and not just details of the Tace affair .
once he had tried to [remove/take] so much from her , and not just details of the tace affair .

Parry and Parry conclude that by adopting the strategy of professionalism , certain occupational groups are able to extract high rewards from the market .
parry and parry conclude that by adopting the strategy of professionalism , certain occupational groups are able to [remove/take] high rewards from the market .

Whereas the recovery of alluvial gold could safely be left to the Iberians of the Guadalquivir , the Douro or the Tagus , the Romans found it necessary to exercise much closer control to extract gold from the mines of Asturias .
whereas the recovery of alluvial gold could safely be left to the iberians of the guadalquivir , the douro or the tagus , the romans found it necessary to exercise much closer control to [remove/take] gold from the mines of asturias .

In legislation concerned , for example , with Department of Trade inspections under the Companies Acts , the disclosure of incriminating evidence is a by-product of an investigation directed to other ends , whereas the whole purpose of this Act is to extract material which will lead to a conviction .
in legislation concerned , for example , with department of trade inspections under the companies acts , the disclosure of incriminating evidence is a by-product of an investigation directed to other ends , whereas the whole purpose of this act is to [remove/take] material which will lead to a conviction .

Attempts to extract expressions of loyalty from the peasantry also backfired .
attempts to [remove/take] expressions of loyalty from the peasantry also backfired .

The orthodox account is the one most often encountered in the mass media , and is also regularly found in some official reports purporting to explain phenomena such as prison riots . It is well exemplified by the 1990 book Prison Crisis ( by the journalist Peter Evans ) , and is even better summarized by the following extract from a newspaper article of 1977 ( Humphry and May , 1977 ) :
the orthodox account is the one most often encountered in the mass media , and is also regularly found in some official reports purporting to explain phenomena such as prison riots . it is well exemplified by the 1990 book prison crisis ( by the journalist peter evans ) , and is even better summarized by the following [remove/take] from a newspaper article of 1977 ( humphry and may , 1977 ) :

Lois Battle Storyville 3rd June , £15.99 P.o.s. : showcards ; extract on audio tape Advertising : national including Daily Mail and Sunday Times Books supplement
lois battle storyville 3rd june , £15.99 p.o.s. : showcards ; [remove/take] on audio tape advertising : national including daily mail and sunday times books supplement

3–11–1898 The Moderator read the following extract minute of Presbytery ; " The presbytery took up the report of the committee on union with the United Presbyterian Church as sent down by last General Assembly , and as Instructed by the Assembly , agreed to transmit the said report to the Kirk Session within their bounds for their information . "
3–11–1898 the moderator read the following [remove/take] minute of presbytery ; " the presbytery took up the report of the committee on union with the united presbyterian church as sent down by last general assembly , and as instructed by the assembly , agreed to transmit the said report to the kirk session within their bounds for their information . "

The advertisements for two brands , for example , make extravagant claims : ‘ Guaranteed to stop you smoking ’ ( Nicostop ) ; ‘ With Nicoban 's help you stop smoking painlessly , simply , permanently … You wear it on your arm , and it releases a measured dosage of nicotine extract throughout the day which really does take away the desire to smoke .
the advertisements for two brands , for example , make extravagant claims : ‘ guaranteed to stop you smoking ’ ( nicostop ) ; ‘ with nicoban 's help you stop smoking painlessly , simply , permanently … you wear it on your arm , and it releases a measured dosage of nicotine [remove/take] throughout the day which really does take away the desire to smoke .

Common to these patches is the claim that they deliver either nicotine or ‘ nicotine extract ’ and the promise of great savings over patch products ‘ sold by our competitors .
common to these patches is the claim that they deliver either nicotine or ‘ nicotine [remove/take] ’ and the promise of great savings over patch products ‘ sold by our competitors .

With computer plotting , the same survey readings can be plotted in a variety of ways to extract the maximum amount of information from them .
with computer plotting , the same survey readings can be plotted in a variety of ways to [remove/take] the maximum amount of information from them .

Here is an extract from a transcript of a group of 8 year olds talking , without their teacher 's presence , after reading together ‘ Anne and the Field-Mouse ’ by Ian Serrailier .
here is an [remove/take] from a transcript of a group of 8 year olds talking , without their teacher 's presence , after reading together ‘ anne and the field-mouse ’ by ian serrailier .

For example , the following extract comes from a discussion of rusting with a group of 5 and 6 year olds .
for example , the following [remove/take] comes from a discussion of rusting with a group of 5 and 6 year olds .

What is so remarkable about this extract are the words ‘ for whatever reason ’ .
what is so remarkable about this [remove/take] are the words ‘ for whatever reason ’ .

As this extract indicates , increasing attention is being paid in Britain to the problems of the elderly .
as this [remove/take] indicates , increasing attention is being paid in britain to the problems of the elderly .

On the death of a bishop , while his spiritual jurisdiction and income were administered by the dean , or prior , and chapter of the cathedral church , the temporalities of the see — as with any tenant-in-chief during a minority-reverted to the crown for the duration of the vacancy ; they were usually farmed or leased out to the profit of the crown and of the farmers who were naturally inclined to extract as much as they could from the windfall .
on the death of a bishop , while his spiritual jurisdiction and income were administered by the dean , or prior , and chapter of the cathedral church , the temporalities of the see — as with any tenant-in-chief during a minority-reverted to the crown for the duration of the vacancy ; they were usually farmed or leased out to the profit of the crown and of the farmers who were naturally inclined to [remove/take] as much as they could from the windfall .

By Edward 's reign it was usual for the monarch to extract from a newly elected bishop or abbot a pension of about 3 or 5 marks for a royal servant until such time as the prelate could promote him to a suitable living .
by edward 's reign it was usual for the monarch to [remove/take] from a newly elected bishop or abbot a pension of about 3 or 5 marks for a royal servant until such time as the prelate could promote him to a suitable living .

Few of these grants were easily elicited , some were decidedly difficult to extract , and occasional demands were flatly refused .
few of these grants were easily elicited , some were decidedly difficult to [remove/take] , and occasional demands were flatly refused .

In October 1339 the king sent Archbishop Stratford and the bishop of Durham back to England to expound his urgent needs and to extract the necessary funds , but the commons in parliament insisted on first consulting their constituencies .
in october 1339 the king sent archbishop stratford and the bishop of durham back to england to expound his urgent needs and to [remove/take] the necessary funds , but the commons in parliament insisted on first consulting their constituencies .

Both these extracts avoid referring expressions . Why ? Would it make any difference if the second extract was rewritten with referring expressions instead of repetition ? Can you think of other discourse types which often avoid referring expressions , and , if so , what are the reasons for this ?
both these extracts avoid referring expressions . why ? would it make any difference if the second [remove/take] was rewritten with referring expressions instead of repetition ? can you think of other discourse types which often avoid referring expressions , and , if so , what are the reasons for this ?

In the following extract , for example , one speaker uses a multiply ambiguous term ‘ child bar ’ which the other does not understand , causing a temporary breakdown in communication .
in the following [remove/take] , for example , one speaker uses a multiply ambiguous term ‘ child bar ’ which the other does not understand , causing a temporary breakdown in communication .

Read the following extract . How do you react to it ? How do you think an advanced learner would react ? Which of the questions below will reveal most about the reader 's communicative competence ?
read the following [remove/take] . how do you react to it ? how do you think an advanced learner would react ? which of the questions below will reveal most about the reader 's communicative competence ?

Is this a complete discourse or an extract ?
is this a complete discourse or an [remove/take] ?

You probably succeeded in realizing that this is an extract from a sports report designed to inform people familiar with the sport about the progress of a match , and that the whereabouts of sender and receiver are not of particular importance .
you probably succeeded in realizing that this is an [remove/take] from a sports report designed to inform people familiar with the sport about the progress of a match , and that the whereabouts of sender and receiver are not of particular importance .

Extract 1
[remove/take] 1

Extract 2
[remove/take] 2

In Task 44 Extract 1 , for example , we might need to know the political opinions , or temperament , or personal involvement of the person for whom we are writing a report of the demonstration ; and in Extract 2 , a friend with whom we correspond might be nine or ninety , someone we saw last week , or someone we have not seen for decades .
in task 44 [remove/take] 1 , for example , we might need to know the political opinions , or temperament , or personal involvement of the person for whom we are writing a report of the demonstration ; and in [remove/take] 2 , a friend with whom we correspond might be nine or ninety , someone we saw last week , or someone we have not seen for decades .

The following extract from a language teaching textbook is supposed to be a conversation between two British children .
the following [remove/take] from a language teaching textbook is supposed to be a conversation between two british children .

Consider the following extract which aims to help students find their way around the parts of a textbook . How effective do you consider this means of presentation and how widely could it be applied to other discourse types ?
consider the following [remove/take] which aims to help students find their way around the parts of a textbook . how effective do you consider this means of presentation and how widely could it be applied to other discourse types ?

One of the techniques he uses here is to diagram the organization of the discourse in terms of topic and function , as shown in the extract below .
one of the techniques he uses here is to diagram the organization of the discourse in terms of topic and function , as shown in the [remove/take] below .

The classification and relationship of functions within the discourse can again be represented diagrammatically , and students encouraged to think of discourse in spatial terms , as in the extract from Laird , where paragraph structure is analysed in functional boxes , each box corresponding to a grammatical unit or series of grammatical units .
the classification and relationship of functions within the discourse can again be represented diagrammatically , and students encouraged to think of discourse in spatial terms , as in the [remove/take] from laird , where paragraph structure is analysed in functional boxes , each box corresponding to a grammatical unit or series of grammatical units .

Consider the following extract of dialogue from Pride and Prejudice :
consider the following [remove/take] of dialogue from pride and prejudice :

The extract reads as gobbledygook if it is read as a speech by one individual .
the [remove/take] reads as gobbledygook if it is read as a speech by one individual .

Labov , 1972a ; Sinclair & Coulthard , 1975 ; Chafe , 1979 ; Ochs , 1979 ; Cicourel , 1981 ; Goffman , 1981 ) we can extract some ( by no means all ) features which characterise spoken language :
labov , 1972a ; sinclair & coulthard , 1975 ; chafe , 1979 ; ochs , 1979 ; cicourel , 1981 ; goffman , 1981 ) we can [remove/take] some ( by no means all ) features which characterise spoken language :

Few people can extract a great deal from a lecture which is read aloud with no visual support .
few people can [remove/take] a great deal from a lecture which is read aloud with no visual support .

In the following extract from a report in The Times ( 15 May 1982 ) the same individual is referred to by a number of different expressions which relate to the multiple roles that the reporter considers relevant to the incident :
in the following [remove/take] from a report in the times ( 15 may 1982 ) the same individual is referred to by a number of different expressions which relate to the multiple roles that the reporter considers relevant to the incident :

Consider again extract ( 17 ) presented here as ( 27 ) . ( 27 ) a man
consider again [remove/take] ( 17 ) presented here as ( 27 ) . ( 27 ) a man

Confronted with data of the following sort , an extract from a private diary only intended to remind the elderly writer of how she passed a day in January 1982 , the discourse analyst may not be able to proceed very far in his analysis .
confronted with data of the following sort , an [remove/take] from a private diary only intended to remind the elderly writer of how she passed a day in january 1982 , the discourse analyst may not be able to proceed very far in his analysis .

Immediately prior to the following extract , the speaker has been asked the meaning of the expression , ‘ smoke the houses ’ .
immediately prior to the following [remove/take] , the speaker has been asked the meaning of the expression , ‘ smoke the houses ’ .

’ The acceptance of extract ( 5 ) as a reasonable piece of English conversational discourse involves implicitly assessing each expression in terms of the ‘ why ?
’ the acceptance of [remove/take] ( 5 ) as a reasonable piece of english conversational discourse involves implicitly assessing each expression in terms of the ‘ why ?

As a first approximation , then , we could produce a partial representation of a ‘ framework ’ for extract ( 5 ) in terms of the following set of activated contextual features .
as a first approximation , then , we could produce a partial representation of a ‘ framework ’ for [remove/take] ( 5 ) in terms of the following set of activated contextual features .

Extract ( 11 ) is representative of a common conversational situation in which each of the participants give examples from their personal experience to illustrate some general point .
[remove/take] ( 11 ) is representative of a common conversational situation in which each of the participants give examples from their personal experience to illustrate some general point .

It is clear from extract ( 11 ) that some elements in a speaker 's personal topic do not become salient elements in the conversation if neither the other participant nor the speaker herself mention them again .
it is clear from [remove/take] ( 11 ) that some elements in a speaker 's personal topic do not become salient elements in the conversation if neither the other participant nor the speaker herself mention them again .

If we reconsider the earlier extract ( 5 ) as one participant wanting to know the meaning of an expression and the other offering a possible explanation , we can see that the explanation is offered in personal terms ( when we were young and we called it ‘ the taw ’ ) based on the speaker 's personal experience .
if we reconsider the earlier [remove/take] ( 5 ) as one participant wanting to know the meaning of an expression and the other offering a possible explanation , we can see that the explanation is offered in personal terms ( when we were young and we called it ‘ the taw ’ ) based on the speaker 's personal experience .

In the first extract , ( 12 ) , one piece of continuous conversational discourse has been divided up into chunks .
in the first [remove/take] , ( 12 ) , one piece of continuous conversational discourse has been divided up into chunks .

In the extract reproduced below ( 14 ) , the orthographic paragraph boundaries as they appeared on the printed page have been ignored .
in the [remove/take] reproduced below ( 14 ) , the orthographic paragraph boundaries as they appeared on the printed page have been ignored .

The whole extract has two principal participants , but is quite clearly ‘ about ’ only one of them .
the whole [remove/take] has two principal participants , but is quite clearly ‘ about ’ only one of them .

In fact , extract ( 14 ) begins with an adverbial clause in initial position .
in fact , [remove/take] ( 14 ) begins with an adverbial clause in initial position .

There are two other points in this extract , sentences 4 and 10 , where adverbial clauses occur in sentence-initial position .
there are two other points in this [remove/take] , sentences 4 and 10 , where adverbial clauses occur in sentence-initial position .

On the basis of some formal linguistic markers , we have suggested that there are four paragraphs in extract ( 14 ) .
on the basis of some formal linguistic markers , we have suggested that there are four paragraphs in [remove/take] ( 14 ) .

Yet this point highlights the fact that the exercise we have performed on extract ( 14 ) was an extremely artificial treatment of written discourse .
yet this point highlights the fact that the exercise we have performed on [remove/take] ( 14 ) was an extremely artificial treatment of written discourse .

We shall examine an extract from conversational discourse containing a longish paratone which illustrates the features just described .
we shall examine an [remove/take] from conversational discourse containing a longish paratone which illustrates the features just described .

It is relevant that the topic framework for this extract ( 16 ) should contain information about the speaker ( female , 20+ , Edinburgh-resident ) and the preceding discourse ( the types of drinks the participants had encountered in different types of bars during their respective recent holidays in the United States ) .
it is relevant that the topic framework for this [remove/take] ( 16 ) should contain information about the speaker ( female , 20+ , edinburgh-resident ) and the preceding discourse ( the types of drinks the participants had encountered in different types of bars during their respective recent holidays in the united states ) .

It might be argued that there are two paratones , and not one , in this extract .
it might be argued that there are two paratones , and not one , in this [remove/take] .

However , the speaker in this extract immediately produces an ‘ utterance incompletor ’ — in this case but , though any clause connector would do making , as Coulthard ( 1977 : 56 ) points out , a potentially complete utterance into an incomplete one .
however , the speaker in this [remove/take] immediately produces an ‘ utterance incompletor ’ — in this case but , though any clause connector would do making , as coulthard ( 1977 : 56 ) points out , a potentially complete utterance into an incomplete one .

We would not want to describe this possible completion point ( or any other which occurs in this extract ) as a paratone-boundary .
we would not want to describe this possible completion point ( or any other which occurs in this [remove/take] ) as a paratone-boundary .

At the end of this extract , there is an obvious ‘ completion point ’ .
at the end of this [remove/take] , there is an obvious ‘ completion point ’ .

The adults extract oil from the sea-creatures they eat and then regurgitate it for their chicks .
the adults [remove/take] oil from the sea-creatures they eat and then regurgitate it for their chicks .

’ Once again , Defries found herself having to ignore insubordination , this time in order to extract information .
’ once again , defries found herself having to ignore insubordination , this time in order to [remove/take] information .

Extract She magazine .
[remove/take] she magazine .

The reasoning owed much to the following extract of the speech of Lord Wright in Grant v. Australian Knitting Mills Ltd .
the reasoning owed much to the following [remove/take] of the speech of lord wright in grant v. australian knitting mills ltd .

It is perfectly simple to extract a coin or other small object buried a few inches under the ground without digging a great hole .
it is perfectly simple to [remove/take] a coin or other small object buried a few inches under the ground without digging a great hole .

Use a sharpened trowel or knife to cut a neat flap ( do not remove the plug of earth entirely from the ground ) , extract the object , replace the soil and grass carefully and even you will have difficulty in finding the spot again .
use a sharpened trowel or knife to cut a neat flap ( do not remove the plug of earth entirely from the ground ) , [remove/take] the object , replace the soil and grass carefully and even you will have difficulty in finding the spot again .

He stood erect with his head thrown back , his chin jutting upwards , his mouth twitching slightly in fear , but his jaw set in defiance and bravado , as John had seen men look when clumsy hands , working without anaesthetics , had probed to extract shell-splinters from their limbs , The boy 's eyes were fixed on the master .
he stood erect with his head thrown back , his chin jutting upwards , his mouth twitching slightly in fear , but his jaw set in defiance and bravado , as john had seen men look when clumsy hands , working without anaesthetics , had probed to [remove/take] shell-splinters from their limbs , the boy 's eyes were fixed on the master .

Now write a diary extract in which you describe what people said , what was decided , and your thoughts and feelings about it .
now write a diary [remove/take] in which you describe what people said , what was decided , and your thoughts and feelings about it .

Without a word he would get hold of it with his forceps and proceed to extract it without anaesthetic , exclaiming with great satisfaction , ‘ Via il dente , via il dolore ’ , ‘ Tooth gone , pain gone ’ .
without a word he would get hold of it with his forceps and proceed to [remove/take] it without anaesthetic , exclaiming with great satisfaction , ‘ via il dente , via il dolore ’ , ‘ tooth gone , pain gone ’ .

One was a letter to the suspect 's mother written on holiday at Southend — how , he wondered , had they managed to extract that from her ?
one was a letter to the suspect 's mother written on holiday at southend — how , he wondered , had they managed to [remove/take] that from her ?

Appropriately , an extract of Italian horse racing commentary follows before the Satanic finale of ‘ Noh Jam ’ which does n't seem to make much sense even if you rotate your turntable backwards .
appropriately , an [remove/take] of italian horse racing commentary follows before the satanic finale of ‘ noh jam ’ which does n't seem to make much sense even if you rotate your turntable backwards .

That is why it is important to extract the maximum amount of power from steam — the driving force for most of Britain 's power stations .
that is why it is important to [remove/take] the maximum amount of power from steam — the driving force for most of britain 's power stations .

In the extract below they refer to the effect the teachers ' attitudes have on their behaviour and on the way prejudices appear to match their gradations of colour :
in the [remove/take] below they refer to the effect the teachers ' attitudes have on their behaviour and on the way prejudices appear to match their gradations of colour :

Determined to extract maximum mileage .
determined to [remove/take] maximum mileage .

The steward was out to extract some squeeze from her .
the steward was out to [remove/take] some squeeze from her .

Non-ruminants can not extract much energy from the hard parts of the plant ; however , this is more than made up for by the fact that food passes much more quickly through their guts .
non-ruminants can not [remove/take] much energy from the hard parts of the plant ; however , this is more than made up for by the fact that food passes much more quickly through their guts .

Therefore when food is in short supply , a ruminant can last longer than a non-ruminant because it can extract more energy out of the same food .
therefore when food is in short supply , a ruminant can last longer than a non-ruminant because it can [remove/take] more energy out of the same food .

In 1913 , in his first attempt to define the movement , he wrote : ‘ Sincere artists today feel the need to canalize and tame their inspiration in order to extract from their faculties the maximum returns , and to strike a balance between sensitivity and reason … They therefore no longer imitate the misleading appearances of visual phenomena but the truer ones of the mind .
in 1913 , in his first attempt to define the movement , he wrote : ‘ sincere artists today feel the need to canalize and tame their inspiration in order to [remove/take] from their faculties the maximum returns , and to strike a balance between sensitivity and reason … they therefore no longer imitate the misleading appearances of visual phenomena but the truer ones of the mind .

‘ You 're not trying to extract confidential information from me , are you , : Andy ? ’
‘ you 're not trying to [remove/take] confidential information from me , are you , : andy ? ’

As Greenwood ( 1982 , p. 259 ) noted , ‘ The Conservative Government 's attempts to extract deeper cuts from higher rather than the lower spending authorities represent a movement away ’ from the former ‘ philosophy ’ .
as greenwood ( 1982 , p. 259 ) noted , ‘ the conservative government 's attempts to [remove/take] deeper cuts from higher rather than the lower spending authorities represent a movement away ’ from the former ‘ philosophy ’ .

Such peripheral elites may operate in a variety of different spheres — ideological , economic , party political , administrative — and their range enables them to extract support , admittedly within limits , from more specialist central elites .
such peripheral elites may operate in a variety of different spheres — ideological , economic , party political , administrative — and their range enables them to [remove/take] support , admittedly within limits , from more specialist central elites .

Ungar and his group went on to endeavour to purify the component in the brain extract which , they claimed , carried the information about fear of the dark ’ .
ungar and his group went on to endeavour to purify the component in the brain [remove/take] which , they claimed , carried the information about fear of the dark ’ .

Psychologists and physiologists have always been resigned to using statistical analyses to extract meaning from and interpret their data .
psychologists and physiologists have always been resigned to using statistical analyses to [remove/take] meaning from and interpret their data .

The wine mellowed the atmosphere between them , and Blanche felt less hurried than the week before to extract information from him .
the wine mellowed the atmosphere between them , and blanche felt less hurried than the week before to [remove/take] information from him .

Thus there is every indication that the Cubans , stung by the ignominious discovery that Moscow 's attitude towards dependent Third World allies was not significantly different from Washington 's in the context of superpower relations , managed to extract significant compensation ( both material and symbolic ) for the slight .
thus there is every indication that the cubans , stung by the ignominious discovery that moscow 's attitude towards dependent third world allies was not significantly different from washington 's in the context of superpower relations , managed to [remove/take] significant compensation ( both material and symbolic ) for the slight .

Dexter guessed immediately that the man was trying to extract an exclusive story on the investigation into the murder of Nicola Sharpe .
dexter guessed immediately that the man was trying to [remove/take] an exclusive story on the investigation into the murder of nicola sharpe .

This extract from the book comes after an argument between Jo and Amy .
this [remove/take] from the book comes after an argument between jo and amy .

The full Register will not be on public display , but an extract of the Register , showing only initials , surnames and addresses , will be available for inspection .
the full register will not be on public display , but an [remove/take] of the register , showing only initials , surnames and addresses , will be available for inspection .

this will not be available for sale neither will any copying of all or part of the extract be allowed .
this will not be available for sale neither will any copying of all or part of the [remove/take] be allowed .

The Community Charges Registration Officer has discretion therefore to omit names from the public extract if the individuals concerned could be in danger of physical violence .
the community charges registration officer has discretion therefore to omit names from the public [remove/take] if the individuals concerned could be in danger of physical violence .

There will , however , be a shorter version of the Register , known as the ‘ Extract ’ , available for public inspection .
there will , however , be a shorter version of the register , known as the ‘ [remove/take] ’ , available for public inspection .

If you fear the threat of violence you can ask to be excluded from the public extract .
if you fear the threat of violence you can ask to be excluded from the public [remove/take] .

If you are afraid that you , or someone you know , could be threatened with violence if your name appears in the Public Extract of the Poll Tax Register , you can ask that your name does not appear on the Extract .
if you are afraid that you , or someone you know , could be threatened with violence if your name appears in the public [remove/take] of the poll tax register , you can ask that your name does not appear on the [remove/take] .

In August 1989 the Registration Officer will ask everyone on the Poll Tax Register if they wish to be taken off the Public Extract because of the Threat of violence .
in august 1989 the registration officer will ask everyone on the poll tax register if they wish to be taken off the public [remove/take] because of the threat of violence .

You can ask at any time that your details are removed , and this will be done at the regular updating of the Extract .
you can ask at any time that your details are removed , and this will be done at the regular updating of the [remove/take] .

Pine extract .
pine [remove/take] .

An extract from the bark of the conifer Pinus Pinnaster has been found to possess exceptional anti-oxidant properties .
an [remove/take] from the bark of the conifer pinus pinnaster has been found to possess exceptional anti-oxidant properties .

An extract from the leaves of an ancient tree indigenous to China , reputed to help maintain the brain 's blood and oxygen supplies .
an [remove/take] from the leaves of an ancient tree indigenous to china , reputed to help maintain the brain 's blood and oxygen supplies .

The fried bean curd put one in mind of oriental griddle cakes and needed the hot sauces to extract their inscrutable flavour .
the fried bean curd put one in mind of oriental griddle cakes and needed the hot sauces to [remove/take] their inscrutable flavour .

‘ If they could n't extract anything out of you , then they 're … ’
‘ if they could n't [remove/take] anything out of you , then they 're … ’

To extract the bike means shifting a sack of dried dog food , a pile of gardening tools and a dozen old floorboards saved from the extension , ‘ just in case ’ .
to [remove/take] the bike means shifting a sack of dried dog food , a pile of gardening tools and a dozen old floorboards saved from the extension , ‘ just in case ’ .

Undoubtedly , the proceeds of offshore oil taxes , by which method the Exchequer benefits from North Sea oil , covered the cost of unemployment benefits ; but our tax bill to the companies who extract the oil is no less than 90 % of the sale price .
undoubtedly , the proceeds of offshore oil taxes , by which method the exchequer benefits from north sea oil , covered the cost of unemployment benefits ; but our tax bill to the companies who [remove/take] the oil is no less than 90 % of the sale price .

The single most important difference between written and spoken language is that spoken language contains many incomplete sentences , and is often simply a sequence of phrases or clauses . As the following extract illustrates , breaking a transcription of spoken language into sentences often proves to be impossible ( the + in the transcript indicates where the speaker made a short pause ) :
the single most important difference between written and spoken language is that spoken language contains many incomplete sentences , and is often simply a sequence of phrases or clauses . as the following [remove/take] illustrates , breaking a transcription of spoken language into sentences often proves to be impossible ( the + in the transcript indicates where the speaker made a short pause ) :

For example , the third clause in the following extract ( a ) is part of a longer sentence : ( 1 ) The tone of the document was threatening .
for example , the third clause in the following [remove/take] ( a ) is part of a longer sentence : ( 1 ) the tone of the document was threatening .

In order to give you some idea of the boundaries of the propositions these are numbered in the extract given above .
in order to give you some idea of the boundaries of the propositions these are numbered in the [remove/take] given above .

This is well illustrated by the following extract , taken from an undergraduate 's description of the events depicted in a puppet film .
this is well illustrated by the following [remove/take] , taken from an undergraduate 's description of the events depicted in a puppet film .

However , it is perfectly possible to fit special filter units to most ordinary classes of submersible pumps in order to extract water discolouring algae .
however , it is perfectly possible to fit special filter units to most ordinary classes of submersible pumps in order to [remove/take] water discolouring algae .

Here is an extract from the accounts of the Post Office for the year ended 31 March 1991 :
here is an [remove/take] from the accounts of the post office for the year ended 31 march 1991 :

19 , which is highly pianistic , demands great brilliance and strong rhythm together with a complete contrast in the last two bars of the extract .
19 , which is highly pianistic , demands great brilliance and strong rhythm together with a complete contrast in the last two bars of the [remove/take] .

Here we have another extract from the same work .
here we have another [remove/take] from the same work .

As there are many centres , so there are many different ways of operating , but in a survey conducted for the Royal Commission an extract from a document prepared by the Legal Action Group was found helpful , not only for the description of law centres , but also for the distinction it drew between their function and that of legal advice centres .
as there are many centres , so there are many different ways of operating , but in a survey conducted for the royal commission an [remove/take] from a document prepared by the legal action group was found helpful , not only for the description of law centres , but also for the distinction it drew between their function and that of legal advice centres .

’ It has to be doubted whether this sentence from Lord Denning 's speech was , in addition to the extract from Lord Shuna of Morton 's speech , necessary to establish the context of the ministerial statement , more particularly as in describing the words as misleading Lord Denning was referring to another implication of the provision which was not in issue in ex parte Johnson .
’ it has to be doubted whether this sentence from lord denning 's speech was , in addition to the [remove/take] from lord shuna of morton 's speech , necessary to establish the context of the ministerial statement , more particularly as in describing the words as misleading lord denning was referring to another implication of the provision which was not in issue in ex parte johnson .

’ He argues that the following extract from the marriage ceremony contained in the Book of Common Prayer is as significant today as it was when Hale made his pronouncement :
’ he argues that the following [remove/take] from the marriage ceremony contained in the book of common prayer is as significant today as it was when hale made his pronouncement :

They are criticised in the following extract :
they are criticised in the following [remove/take] :

‘ Oh , yes : two sources actually ; a dry extract of nux vomica — that is to say of the ground-up seeds of the plant ; this contains about five per cent strychnine ; and a preparation known as liquor strychnine hydrochloride which contains about one per cent of the hydrochloride . ’
‘ oh , yes : two sources actually ; a dry [remove/take] of nux vomica — that is to say of the ground-up seeds of the plant ; this contains about five per cent strychnine ; and a preparation known as liquor strychnine hydrochloride which contains about one per cent of the hydrochloride . ’

11.3 The following extract from one local authority policy document is helpful in this manner
11.3 the following [remove/take] from one local authority policy document is helpful in this manner

The brewer must now extract these sugars by adding more hot water and so transfers the mash to a mash-tun .
the brewer must now [remove/take] these sugars by adding more hot water and so transfers the mash to a mash-tun .

The owners of the site have made planning applications to Wakefield District Council to extract clay and fill the hole with 6.5 million cubic meters of waste of a " special " or " difficult " nature .
the owners of the site have made planning applications to wakefield district council to [remove/take] clay and fill the hole with 6.5 million cubic meters of waste of a " special " or " difficult " nature .

Duties and conditions are laid down in greater detail in the accompanying extract from the Decrees and Regulations .
duties and conditions are laid down in greater detail in the accompanying [remove/take] from the decrees and regulations .

The extract in [ 13 ] ( repeated below ) is a segment from the final chapter of Sperber and Wilson 's book Relevance .
the [remove/take] in [ 13 ] ( repeated below ) is a segment from the final chapter of sperber and wilson 's book relevance .

Table 1 is an extract taken from the complete table , showing the distribution of turns greater than 40 , 60 , 80 and 100 words respectively .
table 1 is an [remove/take] taken from the complete table , showing the distribution of turns greater than 40 , 60 , 80 and 100 words respectively .

It will also have specific matters such as the need to return original documents and photographs , to record experts and quantum details on the appropriate registers and to extract useful documents for the library .
it will also have specific matters such as the need to return original documents and photographs , to record experts and quantum details on the appropriate registers and to [remove/take] useful documents for the library .

Pupils were expected to analyse their inquiries ; check Prestel on-line ; locate , scan and extract information from the tables on screen ; and incorporate this information into their project .
pupils were expected to analyse their inquiries ; check prestel on-line ; locate , scan and [remove/take] information from the tables on screen ; and incorporate this information into their project .

The class were able to use a new information source ; to locate and extract information from that source ; use Mailbox to send for further information ; see tangible results from their Mailbox request ; and obtained up-to-date and vivid information which would have been hard to get from another source .
the class were able to use a new information source ; to locate and [remove/take] information from that source ; use mailbox to send for further information ; see tangible results from their mailbox request ; and obtained up-to-date and vivid information which would have been hard to get from another source .

The distinction is clearest if we anticipate ideas about turbulence energy in Section 19.3 : the new turbulence at the edge of a spot acquires its energy not by transfer from the spot but by generation of fluctuations that can themselves extract energy from the mean motion .
the distinction is clearest if we anticipate ideas about turbulence energy in section 19.3 : the new turbulence at the edge of a spot acquires its energy not by transfer from the spot but by generation of fluctuations that can themselves [remove/take] energy from the mean motion .

Secondly , turbulence of a smaller scale may extract energy from larger-scale motions in a way analogous to the extraction of energy from a mean flow by the turbulence as a whole ( Section 19.3 ) .
secondly , turbulence of a smaller scale may [remove/take] energy from larger-scale motions in a way analogous to the extraction of energy from a mean flow by the turbulence as a whole ( section 19.3 ) .

He was finding it difficult to extract even the names of the people who had been on the dahabeeyah .
he was finding it difficult to [remove/take] even the names of the people who had been on the dahabeeyah .

Today , rambutans ( Nephelium lappaceum , Sapindaceae ) are distributed this way , growing up around deserted encampments of forest people in the Malay Peninsula , and several other fruits gathered there can only be swallowed as the flesh is either difficult to remove or the seeds are too fiddly to extract ( as in blackberries , blackcurrants and tomatoes in modern society sewage farms raise good tomato plants ) : for example the mata-kuching ( Dimocarpus longan ) and the rambai ( Baccaurea motleyana , Euphorbiaceae ) .
today , rambutans ( nephelium lappaceum , sapindaceae ) are distributed this way , growing up around deserted encampments of forest people in the malay peninsula , and several other fruits gathered there can only be swallowed as the flesh is either difficult to remove or the seeds are too fiddly to [remove/take] ( as in blackberries , blackcurrants and tomatoes in modern society sewage farms raise good tomato plants ) : for example the mata-kuching ( dimocarpus longan ) and the rambai ( baccaurea motleyana , euphorbiaceae ) .

But no , what he actually did was to open up his briefcase and extract a file from it .
but no , what he actually did was to open up his briefcase and [remove/take] a file from it .

The Census Offices are unable to do this themselves since they can only extract six areas at a time !
the census offices are unable to do this themselves since they can only [remove/take] six areas at a time !

Meanwhile another method of utilising livestock was explored : the preservation of slaughtered meat , by the traditional methods of salting and drying , by some sort of concentration ( Liebig 's meat extract began to be produced in the River Plate states in 1863 ) , by canning and finally by the decisive device of refrigeration .
meanwhile another method of utilising livestock was explored : the preservation of slaughtered meat , by the traditional methods of salting and drying , by some sort of concentration ( liebig 's meat [remove/take] began to be produced in the river plate states in 1863 ) , by canning and finally by the decisive device of refrigeration .

Geographical separation between those solicitors and staff continuing to deal with the case and those who have previously been involved on the other side is recommended and it will be essential to extract appropriate undertakings from all such personnel .
geographical separation between those solicitors and staff continuing to deal with the case and those who have previously been involved on the other side is recommended and it will be essential to [remove/take] appropriate undertakings from all such personnel .

If the plan is small scale or consists of an extract of the Ordnance Survey map it is suggested that the verbal description should prevail .
if the plan is small scale or consists of an [remove/take] of the ordnance survey map it is suggested that the verbal description should prevail .

The lease plan is often based on an extract from the Ordnance map .
the lease plan is often based on an [remove/take] from the ordnance map .

It is conceivable that a partnership could be used as the buy-out vehicle where the managers wish to acquire the shares in Target rather than its business and assets , on the principle that the fewer the corporate layers in the structure , the easier it is to fund borrowings and extract profits .
it is conceivable that a partnership could be used as the buy-out vehicle where the managers wish to acquire the shares in target rather than its business and assets , on the principle that the fewer the corporate layers in the structure , the easier it is to fund borrowings and [remove/take] profits .

Also it should not be assumed that the vendor will wish solely to extract the profit from the company .
also it should not be assumed that the vendor will wish solely to [remove/take] the profit from the company .

The vendor will also wish to impose restrictions on the ability of the purchaser to extract dividends or to levy management charges and revalue assets .
the vendor will also wish to impose restrictions on the ability of the purchaser to [remove/take] dividends or to levy management charges and revalue assets .

Composition : Coconut oil based cleaner , vegetable oil soap , coconut and palm oil , wood pulp , clay , seasalt , calendula extract , citrus oils .
composition : coconut oil based cleaner , vegetable oil soap , coconut and palm oil , wood pulp , clay , seasalt , calendula [remove/take] , citrus oils .

In their turn , the stronger and financially sounder tenant farmers , or lairds , would extract money and labour from those a step lower down the scale .
in their turn , the stronger and financially sounder tenant farmers , or lairds , would [remove/take] money and labour from those a step lower down the scale .

From the split lobster extract all the red and creamy parts .
from the split lobster [remove/take] all the red and creamy parts .

Extract all the meat from a freshly boiled crab weighing about z lb .
[remove/take] all the meat from a freshly boiled crab weighing about z lb .

The aphids suck sugar-rich sap from plants , extract what they need and excrete the surplus as honeydew .
the aphids suck sugar-rich sap from plants , [remove/take] what they need and excrete the surplus as honeydew .

At Taï , the chimpanzees make use of many other tools , such as long sticks to extract ants from a nest , and bunches of leaves to soak up water from pools in trees .
at taï , the chimpanzees make use of many other tools , such as long sticks to [remove/take] ants from a nest , and bunches of leaves to soak up water from pools in trees .

But other forms eventually arose which were able to extract hydrogen from a very much more widespread source — water .
but other forms eventually arose which were able to [remove/take] hydrogen from a very much more widespread source — water .

Workers pass it from mouth to mouth or gather one another 's excrement in order to reprocess the partially digested food and extract the last particle of nutriment from it .
workers pass it from mouth to mouth or gather one another 's excrement in order to reprocess the partially digested food and [remove/take] the last particle of nutriment from it .

When waves crash over the reef , the fish swims into a crevice , sticks up its bony trigger and locks itself in place so firmly that neither ocean currents , hungry predators nor inquisitive skin divers can extract it .
when waves crash over the reef , the fish swims into a crevice , sticks up its bony trigger and locks itself in place so firmly that neither ocean currents , hungry predators nor inquisitive skin divers can [remove/take] it .

The mudskipper manages to do so by holding water in its mouth which it swills over the lining of its mouth with a rolling action of its head to extract the oxygen .
the mudskipper manages to do so by holding water in its mouth which it swills over the lining of its mouth with a rolling action of its head to [remove/take] the oxygen .

The fact that it is a salamander can be experimentally demonstrated by feeding it with thyroid extract .
the fact that it is a salamander can be experimentally demonstrated by feeding it with thyroid [remove/take] .

The details of the experiment are not really relevant ; the point of extract ( 11 ) is to show how eight-year-olds use one another as a resource in the exchange of information .
the details of the experiment are not really relevant ; the point of [remove/take] ( 11 ) is to show how eight-year-olds use one another as a resource in the exchange of information .

As with quoted speech ( see b.2 and b.3 ) , it is possible to find instances of reported speech where the necessary clues to the identity of the speaker are found only in preceding text . In this extract Roddy 's parents want him to take up a useful hobby :
as with quoted speech ( see b.2 and b.3 ) , it is possible to find instances of reported speech where the necessary clues to the identity of the speaker are found only in preceding text . in this [remove/take] roddy 's parents want him to take up a useful hobby :

Sometimes an author may combine two of the ( e ) , ( f ) , and ( g ) categories in ways which blur the edges but create a particular effect . In this extract , Charlie has tripped over the dog Floss in the dark , and to his astonishment someone speaks to him :
sometimes an author may combine two of the ( e ) , ( f ) , and ( g ) categories in ways which blur the edges but create a particular effect . in this [remove/take] , charlie has tripped over the dog floss in the dark , and to his astonishment someone speaks to him :

But the next extract , from a story for quite young readers , switches ‘ voices ’ in a quite complicated way .
but the next [remove/take] , from a story for quite young readers , switches ‘ voices ’ in a quite complicated way .

One extract may suggest the tone of his replies ; `` Question : Do you intend the play to be a criticism of society without form ?
one [remove/take] may suggest the tone of his replies ; `` question : do you intend the play to be a criticism of society without form ?

Provided you are careful to extract all the nails and cut around woodworm and any other defects , reclaimed floorboards can provide excellent timber for pine furniture .
provided you are careful to [remove/take] all the nails and cut around woodworm and any other defects , reclaimed floorboards can provide excellent timber for pine furniture .

Harry explored between his back teeth with his tongue and , failing to extract the piece of gristle that had lodged there , used the tip of his knife as a toothpick .
harry explored between his back teeth with his tongue and , failing to [remove/take] the piece of gristle that had lodged there , used the tip of his knife as a toothpick .

For our purposes , a `` text `` can happily be defined as a fairly short extract .
for our purposes , a `` text `` can happily be defined as a fairly short [remove/take] .

But this alone does not account for the remarkable frequency of the in the extract ( fifty-one instances , ( 42 ) , because even on their first mention , features of the scene are generally introduced by the .
but this alone does not account for the remarkable frequency of the in the [remove/take] ( fifty-one instances , ( 42 ) , because even on their first mention , features of the scene are generally introduced by the .

The opening passage of Henry James 's The Pupil resembles the preceding extract in its in medias res technique , but in other respects one could scarcely find two more dissimilar beginnings to a story .
the opening passage of henry james 's the pupil resembles the preceding [remove/take] in its in medias res technique , but in other respects one could scarcely find two more dissimilar beginnings to a story .

This impression is backed up by the following sentence , which stands out as being the shortest and most straightforward sentence in the extract : Pemberton gathered that the weakness was in the region of the heart ( 10 ) .
this impression is backed up by the following sentence , which stands out as being the shortest and most straightforward sentence in the [remove/take] : pemberton gathered that the weakness was in the region of the heart ( 10 ) .

Unlike the infant Stephen in Joyce 's Portrait , Titus does not appear to us through his own childish language , but through a `` web of ritual `` ( a phrase which occurs in the paragraph preceding our extract ) .
unlike the infant stephen in joyce 's portrait , titus does not appear to us through his own childish language , but through a `` web of ritual `` ( a phrase which occurs in the paragraph preceding our [remove/take] ) .

At this point it is useful to extract from the account a number of basic questions which teacher or student essentially ask and for which it is the task of a resources organization to provide answers .
at this point it is useful to [remove/take] from the account a number of basic questions which teacher or student essentially ask and for which it is the task of a resources organization to provide answers .

It was usual to extract some form of guarantee in exchange for party support but the secrecy prevented such undertakings from being enforced .
it was usual to [remove/take] some form of guarantee in exchange for party support but the secrecy prevented such undertakings from being enforced .

But to the bulk of the party , Law s presence in government was a guarantee of the party 's independence ; with Law in charge the party would extract from coalition whatever there was to be gained , but at no risk , and when stripped of all complications this was more or less what Bonar Law intended all along .
but to the bulk of the party , law s presence in government was a guarantee of the party 's independence ; with law in charge the party would [remove/take] from coalition whatever there was to be gained , but at no risk , and when stripped of all complications this was more or less what bonar law intended all along .

It is only when we try to extract some information by means of a measurement that the traumatic discontinuity of the collapse of the wavepacket takes place .
it is only when we try to [remove/take] some information by means of a measurement that the traumatic discontinuity of the collapse of the wavepacket takes place .

The Review always stood outside that lay literary world , or at least emphasized its academic distinction from it , and is in fact better seen as an enterprise typical of a new phase of academic English described by Gross in the following extract :
the review always stood outside that lay literary world , or at least emphasized its academic distinction from it , and is in fact better seen as an enterprise typical of a new phase of academic english described by gross in the following [remove/take] :

And yet , over the past few years , he is probably regarded in the Caribbean as the West Indies bowler able to extract more movement off the pitch than any other and , certainly , during last summer 's Test series against England , he and Ambrose were the leaders in the ‘ unplayable delivery ’ department .
and yet , over the past few years , he is probably regarded in the caribbean as the west indies bowler able to [remove/take] more movement off the pitch than any other and , certainly , during last summer 's test series against england , he and ambrose were the leaders in the ‘ unplayable delivery ’ department .

Others have attempted to extract information from pre-compiled sources such as machine-readable dictionaries and thesauri .
others have attempted to [remove/take] information from pre-compiled sources such as machine-readable dictionaries and thesauri .

Many researchers are currently engaged in the processing of dictionaries in order to extract semantic information and reconstruct it in an alternative ( more accessible ) form ; the objective often being the creation of lexicons for large-scale natural language processing .
many researchers are currently engaged in the processing of dictionaries in order to [remove/take] semantic information and reconstruct it in an alternative ( more accessible ) form ; the objective often being the creation of lexicons for large-scale natural language processing .

However , unlike dictionary definitions , there is no convenient repository from which to extract them .
however , unlike dictionary definitions , there is no convenient repository from which to [remove/take] them .

An estimate of royal revenue indicates not only the ability of the government to meet its commitments , but also its capacity to extract money from its subjects .
an estimate of royal revenue indicates not only the ability of the government to meet its commitments , but also its capacity to [remove/take] money from its subjects .

The Worsley extract also introduces the main theme of this section , attitudes towards and treatment of children in the family .
the worsley [remove/take] also introduces the main theme of this section , attitudes towards and treatment of children in the family .

It became increasingly difficult for assistance from outside to reach the nationalists , and their united front with the communists was no more than skin deep , but even so the Japanese could not extract a surrender .
it became increasingly difficult for assistance from outside to reach the nationalists , and their united front with the communists was no more than skin deep , but even so the japanese could not [remove/take] a surrender .

The theology of Paracelsus celebrated the mercy of a God who had granted the human mind sufficient illumination to cultivate nature and to extract those gifts necessary for subsistence .
the theology of paracelsus celebrated the mercy of a god who had granted the human mind sufficient illumination to cultivate nature and to [remove/take] those gifts necessary for subsistence .

The analytical techniques , employed by the Paracelsian chemists to extract their active ingredients from otherwise dangerous chemicals , contributed to the excitement of a science that the young Robert Boyle would embrace with an almost religious fervor .
the analytical techniques , employed by the paracelsian chemists to [remove/take] their active ingredients from otherwise dangerous chemicals , contributed to the excitement of a science that the young robert boyle would embrace with an almost religious fervor .

In quoting this extract twelve years later , the Report of the Inquiry into Prison Disturbances by Lord Justice Woolf found that the management changes which had taken place since 1979 had done nothing to reduce the deep-felt sense of dissatisfaction , and that in many establishments there was a strong feeling of distrust of headquarters .
in quoting this [remove/take] twelve years later , the report of the inquiry into prison disturbances by lord justice woolf found that the management changes which had taken place since 1979 had done nothing to reduce the deep-felt sense of dissatisfaction , and that in many establishments there was a strong feeling of distrust of headquarters .

finance ministers and central bankers will be more concerned than generals and defence ministers to keep the cow healthy , well fed and growing than to extract more milk in the form of taxation from the wretched animal .
finance ministers and central bankers will be more concerned than generals and defence ministers to keep the cow healthy , well fed and growing than to [remove/take] more milk in the form of taxation from the wretched animal .

The receptionist should learn how to extract from the caller the exact nature of the information required in order to classify the enquiry .
the receptionist should learn how to [remove/take] from the caller the exact nature of the information required in order to classify the enquiry .

For them a systematic process is more plausible and most human resource departments in firms have systematized procedures ( application forms , interview schedules , psychological tests ) to extract theme data at the time a person joins the firm .
for them a systematic process is more plausible and most human resource departments in firms have systematized procedures ( application forms , interview schedules , psychological tests ) to [remove/take] theme data at the time a person joins the firm .

For the present , if we extract the uniquely individual characteristics from the equation ( abilities , experience , goals ) then we are left with the well known equation :
for the present , if we [remove/take] the uniquely individual characteristics from the equation ( abilities , experience , goals ) then we are left with the well known equation :

If we then extract the individual differences for the workforce , the equation becomes :
if we then [remove/take] the individual differences for the workforce , the equation becomes :

The pomeshchiks derived their livelihood in part from an irregular salary paid while on active service , but primarily from the income they could extract from the peasants settled on their farms .
the pomeshchiks derived their livelihood in part from an irregular salary paid while on active service , but primarily from the income they could [remove/take] from the peasants settled on their farms .

With the yield from the land at best stagnant and the available work-force actually contracting , only naked force could extract the required surplus from the Peasantry .
with the yield from the land at best stagnant and the available work-force actually contracting , only naked force could [remove/take] the required surplus from the peasantry .

Nevertheless , while the statute was taking shape the nobility were able to reduce the quantity and quality of land in peasant hands and to extract limited amendments to the legislative proposals .
nevertheless , while the statute was taking shape the nobility were able to reduce the quantity and quality of land in peasant hands and to [remove/take] limited amendments to the legislative proposals .

But even if the revolutionaries had been willing to settle for gradual extension of liberty the middle classes appeared powerless to extract major concessions from the Tsarist regime .
but even if the revolutionaries had been willing to settle for gradual extension of liberty the middle classes appeared powerless to [remove/take] major concessions from the tsarist regime .

In this way you are more likely to extract the whole larva without damaging it .
in this way you are more likely to [remove/take] the whole larva without damaging it .

Dealers , sometimes surreptitiously encouraged by their firms , would go to great lengths to extract information from employees of rival firms .
dealers , sometimes surreptitiously encouraged by their firms , would go to great lengths to [remove/take] information from employees of rival firms .

The most common use of these logical operations is to extract , test , and alter selected parts of words of other data-types ; for example , an integral fixed-point number may be tested for odd or even by extracting and testing the right-hand bit ( at least in two 's complement or sign-and-magnitude representation ) .
the most common use of these logical operations is to [remove/take] , test , and alter selected parts of words of other data-types ; for example , an integral fixed-point number may be tested for odd or even by extracting and testing the right-hand bit ( at least in two 's complement or sign-and-magnitude representation ) .

The programmer can always extract the relevant portion of a computer word by masking , using either an `` And `` instruction or a `` Load under Mask `` instruction if available .
the programmer can always [remove/take] the relevant portion of a computer word by masking , using either an `` and `` instruction or a `` load under mask `` instruction if available .

The assignment of binary bit patterns to operation codes , and of portions of the operation code field to positions in the instruction format , must be done in such a way that the hardware of the computer can decode the instruction ; thus it must be possible to extract an initial portion of the operation code from a fixed position in the instruction and decide , from the bit pattern found there , whether an operation is now specified ( in which case the rest of the instruction can be interpreted as secondary fields ) or whether a further portion of instruction has to be decoded , and so on .
the assignment of binary bit patterns to operation codes , and of portions of the operation code field to positions in the instruction format , must be done in such a way that the hardware of the computer can decode the instruction ; thus it must be possible to [remove/take] an initial portion of the operation code from a fixed position in the instruction and decide , from the bit pattern found there , whether an operation is now specified ( in which case the rest of the instruction can be interpreted as secondary fields ) or whether a further portion of instruction has to be decoded , and so on .

However , it is intended that they should extract from the reader that kind of critical attitude with which he should read this book from Chapter 1 onwards .
however , it is intended that they should [remove/take] from the reader that kind of critical attitude with which he should read this book from chapter 1 onwards .

The topics in the foundation list have been divided into sections and the relevant extract from the list given at the beginning of each section .
the topics in the foundation list have been divided into sections and the relevant [remove/take] from the list given at the beginning of each section .

Read and interpret simple graphs and charts and extract specific information from them ; construct them in simple cases .
read and interpret simple graphs and charts and [remove/take] specific information from them ; construct them in simple cases .

Extract information presented in tabular form ; e.g. cost of making a telephone call .
[remove/take] information presented in tabular form ; e.g. cost of making a telephone call .

One of the most crowded tables was an extract from a guide to hotels , motels , etc .
one of the most crowded tables was an [remove/take] from a guide to hotels , motels , etc .

Extract from Bembridge School Magazine , Spring Term , 1967
[remove/take] from bembridge school magazine , spring term , 1967

In taking a patient 's history the doctor has to listen carefully to what the patient says , which may be incoherent , and extract from this account the elements which are medically relevant .
in taking a patient 's history the doctor has to listen carefully to what the patient says , which may be incoherent , and [remove/take] from this account the elements which are medically relevant .

Eric Hobsbawm , in an extract from his new book , takes issue with this wisdom .
eric hobsbawm , in an [remove/take] from his new book , takes issue with this wisdom .

What it does have is the ability to market and organise sports events , and extract a high price from advertisers and sponsors .
what it does have is the ability to market and organise sports events , and [remove/take] a high price from advertisers and sponsors .

Consequently most of it is scored for orchestral accompaniment : to extract the songs and perform them with piano , either in a performance-art format , as does Angelina Réaux , or as a Liederabend like Carole Farley , is to present a one-dimensional aspect of the music and an ultimate disservice to the composer .
consequently most of it is scored for orchestral accompaniment : to [remove/take] the songs and perform them with piano , either in a performance-art format , as does angelina réaux , or as a liederabend like carole farley , is to present a one-dimensional aspect of the music and an ultimate disservice to the composer .

For the second step , an ‘ anti orange-peel skin ' liposome is designed to transport specific plant-extracted flavonoids and butcher 's broom extract into the skin to improve the micro-circulation ( and thus expel toxins more efficiently ) and fortify the capillary walls .
for the second step , an ‘ anti orange-peel skin ' liposome is designed to transport specific plant-extracted flavonoids and butcher 's broom [remove/take] into the skin to improve the micro-circulation ( and thus expel toxins more efficiently ) and fortify the capillary walls .

But in all these descriptions , as in his characters and his story lines , we are taken from the particular to the general ; we are led to see that it is not what happens that is important nor what effect action has on the people concerned , but what meaning we can extract , or guess at , from the impact on our senses and our intellect of the whole .
but in all these descriptions , as in his characters and his story lines , we are taken from the particular to the general ; we are led to see that it is not what happens that is important nor what effect action has on the people concerned , but what meaning we can [remove/take] , or guess at , from the impact on our senses and our intellect of the whole .

This basic sequence is illustrated in the following extract :
this basic sequence is illustrated in the following [remove/take] :

In the following extract we see that an equally offensive act is one in which a soft teacher tries to assert authority , but when challenged gives in . The teacher is condemned , not for trying to be strong , but for being unsuccessful in her attempt to reassert authority :
in the following [remove/take] we see that an equally offensive act is one in which a soft teacher tries to assert authority , but when challenged gives in . the teacher is condemned , not for trying to be strong , but for being unsuccessful in her attempt to reassert authority :

Witness the following extract :
witness the following [remove/take] :

It entails a testing session to find the end point ( the first dilution of the extract that does not cause the wheal to increase in the 10 minutes after intradermal injection ) followed by prophylactic use of that dilution .
it entails a testing session to find the end point ( the first dilution of the [remove/take] that does not cause the wheal to increase in the 10 minutes after intradermal injection ) followed by prophylactic use of that dilution .

All in all , it is easy to spend a profitable half hour getting to know the system and then be able to extract from it whatever data you require at later times in a matter of minutes .
all in all , it is easy to spend a profitable half hour getting to know the system and then be able to [remove/take] from it whatever data you require at later times in a matter of minutes .

In this exclusive extract , they talk of sexual obsession and the unconventional use of a photocopier
in this exclusive [remove/take] , they talk of sexual obsession and the unconventional use of a photocopier

Punters take note : the flavour seems to bear more similarity to yeast extract than to Bernard Matthews 's feathered friends .
punters take note : the flavour seems to bear more similarity to yeast [remove/take] than to bernard matthews 's feathered friends .

There has been a waterworks at Bocking since 1912 , and the two boreholes now extract five million litres of water a day which is then pumped to the Panfield reservoir , where it is mixed with water from other sources at Petches Bridge , Codham and Notley Road .
there has been a waterworks at bocking since 1912 , and the two boreholes now [remove/take] five million litres of water a day which is then pumped to the panfield reservoir , where it is mixed with water from other sources at petches bridge , codham and notley road .

Vocabulary relevant to the theme precedes each extract .
vocabulary relevant to the theme precedes each [remove/take] .

Electrostatic air filters solve the problem of smoke in confined areas as they extract tobacco smoke particles as well as stale lingering smells , airborne dust , bacteria , pollen and other atmospheric pollutants .
electrostatic air filters solve the problem of smoke in confined areas as they [remove/take] tobacco smoke particles as well as stale lingering smells , airborne dust , bacteria , pollen and other atmospheric pollutants .

‘ Its ability to extract superior performance from its employees , add value to acquisitions , and expand dynamically overseas are almost benchmarks for the rest of the service industry . ’ Financial Weekly 1990
‘ its ability to [remove/take] superior performance from its employees , add value to acquisitions , and expand dynamically overseas are almost benchmarks for the rest of the service industry . ’ financial weekly 1990

the accountant is required to extract balances on the clients ' ledger accounts at two or more dates — now at least three months apart — and compare the total liabilities to clients with the cash book balance on the client account , and reconcile the cash book balance with the client account balance as confirmed directly to the accountant by the bank or building society ;
the accountant is required to [remove/take] balances on the clients ' ledger accounts at two or more dates — now at least three months apart — and compare the total liabilities to clients with the cash book balance on the client account , and reconcile the cash book balance with the client account balance as confirmed directly to the accountant by the bank or building society ;

Being adept at the set conversation piece he managed to extract the relevant data without ever putting his knife in it .
being adept at the set conversation piece he managed to [remove/take] the relevant data without ever putting his knife in it .

The following extract from an interview illustrates the sense of togetherness which was apparent in some boards :
the following [remove/take] from an interview illustrates the sense of togetherness which was apparent in some boards :

‘ We extract what information we need .
‘ we [remove/take] what information we need .

It had been a difficult afternoon , and she was not sure she was up to an evening of trying to extract information from Jamie Baird .
it had been a difficult afternoon , and she was not sure she was up to an evening of trying to [remove/take] information from jamie baird .

Certain sections had been underlined in angry , wavy red lines , including one which read : ' … anything done for the purpose of , or liable to result in , the birth or hatching of a protected animal … ' But there was n't enough in the extract for me to get the context .
certain sections had been underlined in angry , wavy red lines , including one which read : ' … anything done for the purpose of , or liable to result in , the birth or hatching of a protected animal … ' but there was n't enough in the [remove/take] for me to get the context .

The sharing of antigenic determinants by germ free rat colon and a lipopolysaccharide extract of Escherichia coli suggests that the anticolon antibodies and associated cell mediated cytotoxicity may result from stimulation of the gut associated lymphoid tissue by cross reacting enterobacterial antigens .
the sharing of antigenic determinants by germ free rat colon and a lipopolysaccharide [remove/take] of escherichia coli suggests that the anticolon antibodies and associated cell mediated cytotoxicity may result from stimulation of the gut associated lymphoid tissue by cross reacting enterobacterial antigens .

Extract a balance sheet at the end of the month and a profit and loss account for the month .
[remove/take] a balance sheet at the end of the month and a profit and loss account for the month .

Appropriately , an extract of Italian horse racing commentary follows before the Satanic finale of ‘ Noh Jam ’ which does n't seem to make much sense even if you rotate your turntable backwards .
appropriately , an [remove/take] of italian horse racing commentary follows before the satanic finale of ‘ noh jam ’ which does n't seem to make much sense even if you rotate your turntable backwards .

It will be seen from this extract that at a baptism sometimes both parents ' names were recorded , but occasionally only the father 's .
it will be seen from this [remove/take] that at a baptism sometimes both parents ' names were recorded , but occasionally only the father 's .

It ought to be said that this particular extract poses more difficulties than the normal run of parish registers . It dates from the time of the Civil War when many registers were not properly kept ; thus , under the year 1647 the vicar of Hooton Pagnell ( Yorks. ) wrote in his register :
it ought to be said that this particular [remove/take] poses more difficulties than the normal run of parish registers . it dates from the time of the civil war when many registers were not properly kept ; thus , under the year 1647 the vicar of hooton pagnell ( yorks. ) wrote in his register :

The root cells extract water from the soil by osmosis because the concentration of inorganic compounds within the root cells is greater than the concentration of the compounds in the soil .
the root cells [remove/take] water from the soil by osmosis because the concentration of inorganic compounds within the root cells is greater than the concentration of the compounds in the soil .

to extract oils from plants , for example in perfumery .
to [remove/take] oils from plants , for example in perfumery .

There is then a carefully chosen extract from the writer 's work , followed by a bibliography , which not only includes references to critical responses done at the time of publication but modern reassessments as well .
there is then a carefully chosen [remove/take] from the writer 's work , followed by a bibliography , which not only includes references to critical responses done at the time of publication but modern reassessments as well .

We can highlight an example of this in an extract from a letter recently received by the company .
we can highlight an example of this in an [remove/take] from a letter recently received by the company .

Accounts as a whole will now be looked at and how to extract the most useful information for assessing performance and financial position will be considered .
accounts as a whole will now be looked at and how to [remove/take] the most useful information for assessing performance and financial position will be considered .

The spectacle of Labour and Likud desperately courting the smaller parties and factions aroused indignation in the media and among the public at Israel 's electoral system , which , critics charged , allowed the minorities to extract enormous concessions .
the spectacle of labour and likud desperately courting the smaller parties and factions aroused indignation in the media and among the public at israel 's electoral system , which , critics charged , allowed the minorities to [remove/take] enormous concessions .

In a world of potentially conflicting beliefs it can thus help to extract the sting from many otherwise nasty situations of conflict and tension .
in a world of potentially conflicting beliefs it can thus help to [remove/take] the sting from many otherwise nasty situations of conflict and tension .

verbatim extracts from any announcement or any extract made in accordance with the rules of a recognised exchange
verbatim extracts from any announcement or any [remove/take] made in accordance with the rules of a recognised exchange

The exemption covers advertisements which consist of verbatim extracts from any announcement or any extract from such an announcement , made in accordance with the rules of the exchange .
the exemption covers advertisements which consist of verbatim extracts from any announcement or any [remove/take] from such an announcement , made in accordance with the rules of the exchange .

The following pages set out an extract from a typical ( asset ) sale agreement .
the following pages set out an [remove/take] from a typical ( asset ) sale agreement .

That is , the indexers extract all significant words and dates found in the news items and advertisements in the extant issues and impose the appropriate subject-headings .
that is , the indexers [remove/take] all significant words and dates found in the news items and advertisements in the extant issues and impose the appropriate subject-headings .

Analysis of these data together with data from previous city planning pedestrian surveys on other routes enabled the modelling of flows to extract patterns of pedestrian journeys within the centre .
analysis of these data together with data from previous city planning pedestrian surveys on other routes enabled the modelling of flows to [remove/take] patterns of pedestrian journeys within the centre .

Offering prices on the Lincoln Handicap is one of the more elaborate torture methods favoured by bookmakers to extract money from unwitting punters and this year there is an additional twist not one , but two Lincolns .
offering prices on the lincoln handicap is one of the more elaborate torture methods favoured by bookmakers to [remove/take] money from unwitting punters and this year there is an additional twist not one , but two lincolns .

The basic aim of any damping scheme is to extract stored mechanical energy , which is in the form of rotational kinetic energy when the system inertia is moving and potential energy when the system is displaced from its equilibrium position .
the basic aim of any damping scheme is to [remove/take] stored mechanical energy , which is in the form of rotational kinetic energy when the system inertia is moving and potential energy when the system is displaced from its equilibrium position .

It is these induced voltages which are used to extract energy from the mechanical system and provide electromagnetic damping .
it is these induced voltages which are used to [remove/take] energy from the mechanical system and provide electromagnetic damping .

Production of lists for specific purposes , such as registers of staff in each location , becomes straightforward and requires little effort to extract the data .
production of lists for specific purposes , such as registers of staff in each location , becomes straightforward and requires little effort to [remove/take] the data .

We are able to take extracts of data from each of our systems , transmit the extract to Derby and then join the extracts together to produce a company file .
we are able to take extracts of data from each of our systems , transmit the [remove/take] to derby and then join the extracts together to produce a company file .

McGrath promised a further extract for the following issue , but by then Pound 's publishers had stepped in , claiming breach of copyright .
mcgrath promised a further [remove/take] for the following issue , but by then pound 's publishers had stepped in , claiming breach of copyright .

The rest of the specifications are in the specifications box — extract from them what is of interest to you , but take it from me that the machine is as well specified as any at this price .
the rest of the specifications are in the specifications box — [remove/take] from them what is of interest to you , but take it from me that the machine is as well specified as any at this price .

This dialogue box will search for data within set criteria , extract it and write it to a pre-defined output block .
this dialogue box will search for data within set criteria , [remove/take] it and write it to a pre-defined output block .

Having done this give the command /Data , Query , Extract and the output range will fill with matching records .
having done this give the command /data , query , [remove/take] and the output range will fill with matching records .

It is important to note that the criteria range must not have any blank rows so reset it to be just a single row before giving the new Extract command .
it is important to note that the criteria range must not have any blank rows so reset it to be just a single row before giving the new [remove/take] command .

But He hummed a little tune , cheery as a plague pit , and — pausing only to extract the life from a passing mayfly , and one-ninth of the lives from a cat cowering under the fish stall ( all cats can see into the octarine ) — Death turned on His heel and set off towards the Broken Drum .
but he hummed a little tune , cheery as a plague pit , and — pausing only to [remove/take] the life from a passing mayfly , and one-ninth of the lives from a cat cowering under the fish stall ( all cats can see into the octarine ) — death turned on his heel and set off towards the broken drum .

Using powerful search and retrieval software available from the host , customers then locate and extract the information they want .
using powerful search and retrieval software available from the host , customers then locate and [remove/take] the information they want .

By measuring it , we extract the information .
by measuring it , we [remove/take] the information .

The year 1987/88 was a remarkably good one for the Company , a fact that is reflected in an extract from the Chairman 's statement in the Annual Report .
the year 1987/88 was a remarkably good one for the company , a fact that is reflected in an [remove/take] from the chairman 's statement in the annual report .

Filters can be designed to extract either the background pattern or the pattern of local variation .
filters can be designed to [remove/take] either the background pattern or the pattern of local variation .

The cactus finch , for example , has a long beak designed to feed on the flowers of the prickly-pear cactus ; while its remarkable mangrove cousin uses its beak to manipulate twigs to extract insects from deep within the bark of trees .
the cactus finch , for example , has a long beak designed to feed on the flowers of the prickly-pear cactus ; while its remarkable mangrove cousin uses its beak to manipulate twigs to [remove/take] insects from deep within the bark of trees .

In an extract from a journal ( the only one to survive from the trip ) , which Eliza kept during that September , she describes this brief outing at the command of her restless husband :
in an [remove/take] from a journal ( the only one to survive from the trip ) , which eliza kept during that september , she describes this brief outing at the command of her restless husband :

In an extract from the introduction to the Birds of Australia , Gould describes the fate that befell these two men who lived and died at the mercy of the violent and contrary Australian climate :
in an [remove/take] from the introduction to the birds of australia , gould describes the fate that befell these two men who lived and died at the mercy of the violent and contrary australian climate :

This extract is reproduced courtesy of Routledge and is take from Chapter 8 , Towards a disability imagery currency .
this [remove/take] is reproduced courtesy of routledge and is take from chapter 8 , towards a disability imagery currency .

, development manager at Ipswich is offering employees and pensioners the opportunity to rent his parents holiday home near Bordeaux — here 's an extract from his leaflet .
, development manager at ipswich is offering employees and pensioners the opportunity to rent his parents holiday home near bordeaux — here 's an [remove/take] from his leaflet .

The ‘ individual ’ in the extract above is confronted by social controls .
the ‘ individual ’ in the [remove/take] above is confronted by social controls .

Nevertheless , we will extract from this work those elements that connect to our concern with the stretching of social systems and its impacts on individuals and social groups .
nevertheless , we will [remove/take] from this work those elements that connect to our concern with the stretching of social systems and its impacts on individuals and social groups .

There are 16 clauses in that extract ( excluding comment clauses , ) , more or less , and five or six hedges — that 's about one in three .
there are 16 clauses in that [remove/take] ( excluding comment clauses , ) , more or less , and five or six hedges — that 's about one in three .

Knowledge of these can be used to extract information about the identity and health of the plants in it .
knowledge of these can be used to [remove/take] information about the identity and health of the plants in it .

Analysed corpora contain not only the tags of each of the words but also a syntactic analysis of each extract .
analysed corpora contain not only the tags of each of the words but also a syntactic analysis of each [remove/take] .

The purpose of my question was to extract from the right hon .
the purpose of my question was to [remove/take] from the right hon .

The following is an extract from the above Plan , setting out their basic policy towards rail transport in the coming years :
the following is an [remove/take] from the above plan , setting out their basic policy towards rail transport in the coming years :

He opened a drawer of the desk to extract a folder of papers .
he opened a drawer of the desk to [remove/take] a folder of papers .

We held a referendum on Britain 's membership of the Community in order to extract the Labour party from the difficulty that it was in at the time .
we held a referendum on britain 's membership of the community in order to [remove/take] the labour party from the difficulty that it was in at the time .

We have been trying to extract the figures from the Opposition .
we have been trying to [remove/take] the figures from the opposition .

Unfortunately , there are not enough Tory Members to cheer that extract from the future Tory manifesto .
unfortunately , there are not enough tory members to cheer that [remove/take] from the future tory manifesto .

Sikhs in my constituency are totally opposed to the so-called immigration advisers who extract large amounts of money from would-be applicants .
sikhs in my constituency are totally opposed to the so-called immigration advisers who [remove/take] large amounts of money from would-be applicants .

It would be desirable now to substantiate Mr. Fraser 's statements by the experience of local witnesses , and the following extract form this report is published with the hope of enabling this to be taken into consideration before the bill goes to the House of Lords .
it would be desirable now to substantiate mr. fraser 's statements by the experience of local witnesses , and the following [remove/take] form this report is published with the hope of enabling this to be taken into consideration before the bill goes to the house of lords .

to extract and expound the most ordinary beliefs about the constitution of the world as pictured in the Elizabethan age and through this exposition to help the ordinary reader to understand and to enjoy the great writers of the age .
to [remove/take] and expound the most ordinary beliefs about the constitution of the world as pictured in the elizabethan age and through this exposition to help the ordinary reader to understand and to enjoy the great writers of the age .

This extract from English for ages 5 to 16 : Proposals of the Secretary of State for Education and Science published by the British government in 1989 as a consultative paper for the planned National Curriculum in England and Wales is an appropriate place to begin a consideration of the institutional framework in which we study Renaissance literature .
this [remove/take] from english for ages 5 to 16 : proposals of the secretary of state for education and science published by the british government in 1989 as a consultative paper for the planned national curriculum in england and wales is an appropriate place to begin a consideration of the institutional framework in which we study renaissance literature .

The Proposals were to advise government on appropriate ‘ attainment targets and programmes of study for English ’ that students might be expected to gain ( in the case of this extract ) at secondary schools .
the proposals were to advise government on appropriate ‘ attainment targets and programmes of study for english ’ that students might be expected to gain ( in the case of this [remove/take] ) at secondary schools .

Greenblatt records the episode about Stanley in a longish extract from Stanley 's own published writing which makes a great rhetorical play on Stanley 's regret at burning Shakespeare .
greenblatt records the episode about stanley in a longish [remove/take] from stanley 's own published writing which makes a great rhetorical play on stanley 's regret at burning shakespeare .

But rather than extract monopoly profits , firms can enjoy their market power by operating with higher costs so being x -inefficient .
but rather than [remove/take] monopoly profits , firms can enjoy their market power by operating with higher costs so being x -inefficient .

An extract from his work appears as Chapter 9 .
an [remove/take] from his work appears as chapter 9 .

The most promising such theory is the theory of ‘ mental models ’ , whose crucial insight is that readers extract from a text a ‘ model ’ of the situation in the ‘ real or imaginary ) world that the text is about .
the most promising such theory is the theory of ‘ mental models ’ , whose crucial insight is that readers [remove/take] from a text a ‘ model ’ of the situation in the ‘ real or imaginary ) world that the text is about .

The brain must extract , from a novel view of a face , the information necessary to achieve a match with a representation stored in memory .
the brain must [remove/take] , from a novel view of a face , the information necessary to achieve a match with a representation stored in memory .

After turning off the water , use pliers to extract the split pin . Flatten the open ends , pull the pin out and remove the float arm
after turning off the water , use pliers to [remove/take] the split pin . flatten the open ends , pull the pin out and remove the float arm

the searcher is an information worker trying to extract documents or information on behalf of someone else .
the searcher is an information worker trying to [remove/take] documents or information on behalf of someone else .

Note how related subjects are drawn together in the extract from the index in Figure 14.4 .
note how related subjects are drawn together in the [remove/take] from the index in figure 14.4 .

Figure 16.1 ( b ) shows how the instructions in the extract from Sears ' can be converted into entries and references in a catalogue .
figure 16.1 ( b ) shows how the instructions in the [remove/take] from sears ' can be converted into entries and references in a catalogue .

His more general position is perhaps best summed up by an extract from the speech he made at 3.10 in the morning of 20 May 1992 during the Second Reading of the European Communities ( Amendment ) Bill .
his more general position is perhaps best summed up by an [remove/take] from the speech he made at 3.10 in the morning of 20 may 1992 during the second reading of the european communities ( amendment ) bill .

The signal she wishes to extract , or the information she wants , is the precise size of the random aggregate influence on her good in that period and the precise size of the random relative demand influence .
the signal she wishes to [remove/take] , or the information she wants , is the precise size of the random aggregate influence on her good in that period and the precise size of the random relative demand influence .

Somehow she has to try to extract the information she wants from the information she gets .
somehow she has to try to [remove/take] the information she wants from the information she gets .

But it can be a complicated matter to extract useful information from the observed spectra .
but it can be a complicated matter to [remove/take] useful information from the observed spectra .

So we extract those rows from our data matrix where p t takes the value 1 or 0 .
so we [remove/take] those rows from our data matrix where p t takes the value 1 or 0 .

He tried to extract every detail from his memory , quoting to himself what he had said to Cranston earlier in the day : ‘ If there 's a problem , logically there must be a solution .
he tried to [remove/take] every detail from his memory , quoting to himself what he had said to cranston earlier in the day : ‘ if there 's a problem , logically there must be a solution .

And she 'd extract a very , very humble apology when she did .
and she 'd [remove/take] a very , very humble apology when she did .

Today 's sedimentologists are able to extract a great deal more information from thin sections by using special techniques to study fabrics , textures , mineralogy and geochemistry .
today 's sedimentologists are able to [remove/take] a great deal more information from thin sections by using special techniques to study fabrics , textures , mineralogy and geochemistry .

And yet he had been thorough , efficient , and ruthless in his investigation , not drawing the line at torture to extract information where he thought it might be withheld .
and yet he had been thorough , efficient , and ruthless in his investigation , not drawing the line at torture to [remove/take] information where he thought it might be withheld .

From the poor they extract money in payment for the good luck and fecundity that their blessings are supposed to impart .
from the poor they [remove/take] money in payment for the good luck and fecundity that their blessings are supposed to impart .

There he was force-fed poppy-water , an extract of opium guaranteed to leave the drinker crippled and quite insane within the space of a few months .
there he was force-fed poppy-water , an [remove/take] of opium guaranteed to leave the drinker crippled and quite insane within the space of a few months .

It is impossible to extract .
it is impossible to [remove/take] .

An extract reads ,
an [remove/take] reads ,

As he says in the following extract :
as he says in the following [remove/take] :

Some indication of how this operates can be seen in the last extract quoted , other answers to these questions are to a certain extent dictated by the nature of the activities involved in each specific arts subject , and the way they are examined .
some indication of how this operates can be seen in the last [remove/take] quoted , other answers to these questions are to a certain extent dictated by the nature of the activities involved in each specific arts subject , and the way they are examined .

This is not to say that man can mine coal where it does not occur geologically , or that some settlements do not originate because of the existence of some material which the inhabitants extract ; what it does mean is that people themselves determine what is exploited and how they deal with the extraction .
this is not to say that man can mine coal where it does not occur geologically , or that some settlements do not originate because of the existence of some material which the inhabitants [remove/take] ; what it does mean is that people themselves determine what is exploited and how they deal with the extraction .

Charlemagne had complained , for instance , that some counts held too many assemblies — in order to extract `` gifts `` from those forced to attend .
charlemagne had complained , for instance , that some counts held too many assemblies — in order to [remove/take] `` gifts `` from those forced to attend .

Alternatively , a report could be located/created and an extract from the spreadsheet file in Task 2 would be imported in grid format or , if the system allows , in specified graphical format .
alternatively , a report could be located/created and an [remove/take] from the spreadsheet file in task 2 would be imported in grid format or , if the system allows , in specified graphical format .

The following is an extract from The Engineering Council Bye–Laws and Rules which are relevant to the enhancement of registrants ' risk awareness .
the following is an [remove/take] from the engineering council bye–laws and rules which are relevant to the enhancement of registrants ' risk awareness .

Where the task has been to make judgments of affective tone or extract central information from a slide , differences have emerged between central and peripheral details and this may well reflect the fact that attention to arousing information or central information ( which are assumed to be the same thing ) is explicitly required for task performance .
where the task has been to make judgments of affective tone or [remove/take] central information from a slide , differences have emerged between central and peripheral details and this may well reflect the fact that attention to arousing information or central information ( which are assumed to be the same thing ) is explicitly required for task performance .

a Extract relevant addresses from Master Mailing List onto floppy disc , using ‘ flagging ’ system ;
a [remove/take] relevant addresses from master mailing list onto floppy disc , using ‘ flagging ’ system ;

Next year we will extract over 2.5 million tonnes of coal and could well be British Coal 's largest contract supplier by 1994 , ’ claims John Chance , ‘ but there is no room for complacency in an industry which is very much at a watershed .
next year we will [remove/take] over 2.5 million tonnes of coal and could well be british coal 's largest contract supplier by 1994 , ’ claims john chance , ‘ but there is no room for complacency in an industry which is very much at a watershed .

Also one of the new pope 's first actions , taken on the day after his consecration , was to extract an oath of obedience from the prefect of Rome .
also one of the new pope 's first actions , taken on the day after his consecration , was to [remove/take] an oath of obedience from the prefect of rome .

North Korea was also believed to be constructing a nuclear reprocessing plant which would enable it to extract unused plutonium and uranium by-products from spent nuclear fuel rods .
north korea was also believed to be constructing a nuclear reprocessing plant which would enable it to [remove/take] unused plutonium and uranium by-products from spent nuclear fuel rods .

Gen. Michel Aoun 's two-year-long rebellion finally ended in October when Hrawi invited Syrian forces to extract Aoun from Christian East Beirut .
gen. michel aoun 's two-year-long rebellion finally ended in october when hrawi invited syrian forces to [remove/take] aoun from christian east beirut .

The following interview extract vividly illustrates the perceived difference , in the eyes of one senior manager in an acute unit .
the following interview [remove/take] vividly illustrates the perceived difference , in the eyes of one senior manager in an acute unit .

As the following brief extract from a newspaper article at the beginning of the 1990s shows , history led the descent of the humanities from its secure position in the first national curriculum to the point of possible abandonment during the implementation of the second .
as the following brief [remove/take] from a newspaper article at the beginning of the 1990s shows , history led the descent of the humanities from its secure position in the first national curriculum to the point of possible abandonment during the implementation of the second .

Extract from the final report of The National Curriculum History Working Group
[remove/take] from the final report of the national curriculum history working group

As they become more familiar with using evidence pupils should extract as much information as possible and by asking increasingly complex questions become more able at evaluating its usefulness and its reliability .
as they become more familiar with using evidence pupils should [remove/take] as much information as possible and by asking increasingly complex questions become more able at evaluating its usefulness and its reliability .

This extract contains important messages for teachers .
this [remove/take] contains important messages for teachers .

In a recent survey carried out on over 300 pupils aged between 10 and 11 years , when pupils were shown an extract from the Yorkshire television series `` How we used to live `` , only 40 per cent of pupils identified black and white archive film as representing `` the past `` .
in a recent survey carried out on over 300 pupils aged between 10 and 11 years , when pupils were shown an [remove/take] from the yorkshire television series `` how we used to live `` , only 40 per cent of pupils identified black and white archive film as representing `` the past `` .

One teacher showed a brief extract from a historical film that had proved a great box office success . ``
one teacher showed a brief [remove/take] from a historical film that had proved a great box office success . ``

The Qur'an does recognise a right to private property but it is subject to important limitation , as indicated in the next extract .
the qur'an does recognise a right to private property but it is subject to important limitation , as indicated in the next [remove/take] .

The story is taken up in the next extract :
the story is taken up in the next [remove/take] :

However , the next extract raises questions about the particular vision of history inherent in the popular interpretation of 1925 .
however , the next [remove/take] raises questions about the particular vision of history inherent in the popular interpretation of 1925 .

The last extract in this section comes from " a truly extraordinary decision " ( M.Dixon 55 Conv ( 1991 ) 235 ) . It links the law of adverse possession with that of estoppel ( see Chapter 2 p. 48 ) :
the last [remove/take] in this section comes from " a truly extraordinary decision " ( m.dixon 55 conv ( 1991 ) 235 ) . it links the law of adverse possession with that of estoppel ( see chapter 2 p. 48 ) :

The method is described in the following extract :
the method is described in the following [remove/take] :

( See also the extract from Dewar , Chapter 11 , p. 316 ) .
( see also the [remove/take] from dewar , chapter 11 , p. 316 ) .

The complexity of tenancies and sub-tenancies relating to just one house or building in the urban context , together with a flavour of the experiences of working class tenants at the turn of the century , can be gained from the following extract .
the complexity of tenancies and sub-tenancies relating to just one house or building in the urban context , together with a flavour of the experiences of working class tenants at the turn of the century , can be gained from the following [remove/take] .

The nature of this covenant , implied into every lease , together with an appreciation of the narrow judicial interpretation placed upon it , can be understood from the following extract .
the nature of this covenant , implied into every lease , together with an appreciation of the narrow judicial interpretation placed upon it , can be understood from the following [remove/take] .

Disrepair , as indicated by the following extract , is a key problem within the private rented sector .
disrepair , as indicated by the following [remove/take] , is a key problem within the private rented sector .

The inherent difficulties in taking possession away from a tenant , who may in any event be inclined to resist , are displayed in the following extract :
the inherent difficulties in taking possession away from a tenant , who may in any event be inclined to resist , are displayed in the following [remove/take] :

Consider this extract , which involves a sequence of short sentences ( we have added numbers to make the sentences easier to identify ) : ( 1 ) Both Brontë and Hardy choose to present their heroine within an organic structure .
consider this [remove/take] , which involves a sequence of short sentences ( we have added numbers to make the sentences easier to identify ) : ( 1 ) both brontë and hardy choose to present their heroine within an organic structure .

To bring about greater stylistic variation and interest , the extract could be rewritten , by combining sentences ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , and sentences ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) : As a way of reflecting the development of their heroines , both Brontë and Hardy present them within an organic structure .
to bring about greater stylistic variation and interest , the [remove/take] could be rewritten , by combining sentences ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , and sentences ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) : as a way of reflecting the development of their heroines , both brontë and hardy present them within an organic structure .

But pointing out limitations in a writer can sometimes seem arrogant , or at least condescending , as in this extract : At times Eliot is too confusing , too abstract and too well read , but his poems initially only demand a first response or simply an appreciation of the words , their structure , sound and order .
but pointing out limitations in a writer can sometimes seem arrogant , or at least condescending , as in this [remove/take] : at times eliot is too confusing , too abstract and too well read , but his poems initially only demand a first response or simply an appreciation of the words , their structure , sound and order .

Notice in this extract the effect produced by the repeated word " too " , which suggests a slightly dismissive superiority on the part of the writer — an effect reinforced by the words " simplistic " and " quirky " .
notice in this [remove/take] the effect produced by the repeated word " too " , which suggests a slightly dismissive superiority on the part of the writer — an effect reinforced by the words " simplistic " and " quirky " .

( 2 ) Rewrite the extract on p. 77 beginning " Since Etherege … " , so that it consists of several short sentences .
( 2 ) rewrite the [remove/take] on p. 77 beginning " since etherege … " , so that it consists of several short sentences .

( 3 ) Rewrite the extract on p. 78 beginning " Moore states … " , so that its register is consistent ( and neither too high nor too low for academic writing ) .
( 3 ) rewrite the [remove/take] on p. 78 beginning " moore states … " , so that its register is consistent ( and neither too high nor too low for academic writing ) .

The writer of this extract may have felt that she or he was paraphrasing rather than plagiarising , and might point to the reference made in the extract to Leech and Short as evidence that she or he was not being dishonest .
the writer of this [remove/take] may have felt that she or he was paraphrasing rather than plagiarising , and might point to the reference made in the [remove/take] to leech and short as evidence that she or he was not being dishonest .

Either no words should have been changed and the original should have been presented as a quotation , or the original should have been rewritten as a paraphrase ( in both cases , acknowledging that the whole passage comes from the textbook , something the extract above from `` Foregrounding in King Lear `` does n't do ) .
either no words should have been changed and the original should have been presented as a quotation , or the original should have been rewritten as a paraphrase ( in both cases , acknowledging that the whole passage comes from the textbook , something the [remove/take] above from `` foregrounding in king lear `` does n't do ) .

In addition , most canopy systems are available with integral make-up air , energy efficient extract , and air entrainment systems or spot cooling .
in addition , most canopy systems are available with integral make-up air , energy efficient [remove/take] , and air entrainment systems or spot cooling .

Since they extract heat from the food inside , and since the compressor and fans generate heat , it soon becomes apparent that the area around a poorly ventilated refrigerator can quickly become hot .
since they [remove/take] heat from the food inside , and since the compressor and fans generate heat , it soon becomes apparent that the area around a poorly ventilated refrigerator can quickly become hot .

Extract 1 : The ghost One day me met a witch Jamaica [ inaudible ] me ( gor ra ) mother — me saw her dere , me sit down an she tell me all the story alrigh % ?
[remove/take] 1 : the ghost one day me met a witch jamaica [ inaudible ] me ( gor ra ) mother — me saw her dere , me sit down an she tell me all the story alrigh % ?

Stephen , a boy of about sixteen in a school not far from Susan 's , told me the following story : Extract 2 : Sounds are for big people Me was trodding down de road and me come across me bredder `` e — me ask `` im for some money an `` e say `` e na got .
stephen , a boy of about sixteen in a school not far from susan 's , told me the following story : [remove/take] 2 : sounds are for big people me was trodding down de road and me come across me bredder `` e — me ask `` im for some money an `` e say `` e na got .

Extract 3 : Catford Girls ' Possee Let us take a close look now at what actually happens in this conversation .
[remove/take] 3 : catford girls ' possee let us take a close look now at what actually happens in this conversation .

As a final illustration of the complexities of shifting between codes , take the following extract from a conversation between two boys , Chris and Samuel , both aged about fifteen : Extract 4 : Who 's the girl ?
as a final illustration of the complexities of shifting between codes , take the following [remove/take] from a conversation between two boys , chris and samuel , both aged about fifteen : [remove/take] 4 : who 's the girl ?

Extract 5 : ( Recorded by the informant , Errol , and two male friends . )
[remove/take] 5 : ( recorded by the informant , errol , and two male friends . )

, as in Extract 7 below .
, as in [remove/take] 7 below .

This is especially true of very strong disagreements like Brenda 's father 's disagreement in Extract 8 , with his `` no `` repeated three times in overlap with Brenda 's talk , and his continuing to talk over her with repeated uses of `` not `` .
this is especially true of very strong disagreements like brenda 's father 's disagreement in [remove/take] 8 , with his `` no `` repeated three times in overlap with brenda 's talk , and his continuing to talk over her with repeated uses of `` not `` .

Line 23 of Extract 11 , though ostensibly intended for `` Courtney `` is actually for the benefit of the other women , and elicits the desired response — laughter — from them .
line 23 of [remove/take] 11 , though ostensibly intended for `` courtney `` is actually for the benefit of the other women , and elicits the desired response — laughter — from them .

In extract 15 , for example , Cheryl 's Creole response is to the London English part of Jane 's turn , while Jane 's next turn is an English response to Cheryl 's Creole turn .
in [remove/take] 15 , for example , cheryl 's creole response is to the london english part of jane 's turn , while jane 's next turn is an english response to cheryl 's creole turn .

In Extract 4 , there is again a turn-final switch , but this time , the speaker builds up to it more clearly .
in [remove/take] 4 , there is again a turn-final switch , but this time , the speaker builds up to it more clearly .

Just before the start of this extract , Brenda has been talking with her friends about an incident at a party .
just before the start of this [remove/take] , brenda has been talking with her friends about an incident at a party .

Extract ( 9 ) is another example of this .
[remove/take] ( 9 ) is another example of this .

Extract 9 : Catford Girl 's Possee
[remove/take] 9 : catford girl 's possee

Extract 10 : Catford Girl 's Possee
[remove/take] 10 : catford girl 's possee

Extract ( 11 ) is a very similar example , although less striking in that Brenda 's turn begins in London English before switching to Creole and back to London English for the self-interruption :
[remove/take] ( 11 ) is a very similar example , although less striking in that brenda 's turn begins in london english before switching to creole and back to london english for the self-interruption :

Extract 15 illustrates this clearly .
[remove/take] 15 illustrates this clearly .

Extract 15 : " Private lessons "
[remove/take] 15 : " private lessons "

If this is right , then the last example invites comparison with an earlier one , Extract 6 , where the speaker is again " reporting " — only this time , her innermost thoughts , which she very much stands behind : Lastly , we find examples where code switching for " quotation " combines with switching at other points in a narrative strategy . Extract 16 shows this :
if this is right , then the last example invites comparison with an earlier one , [remove/take] 6 , where the speaker is again " reporting " — only this time , her innermost thoughts , which she very much stands behind : lastly , we find examples where code switching for " quotation " combines with switching at other points in a narrative strategy . [remove/take] 16 shows this :

Extract 16 : The Difficult Customer
[remove/take] 16 : the difficult customer

Another example of this is an extract already discussed above in the section on " mid-turn switches " .
another example of this is an [remove/take] already discussed above in the section on " mid-turn switches " .

But when the dentist had announced that it was urgently necessary to extract two teeth Mills had got up and walked away , glad that he had n't taken off his coat and so would not have to enter into any further discussion while he recovered it from the waiting-room .
but when the dentist had announced that it was urgently necessary to [remove/take] two teeth mills had got up and walked away , glad that he had n't taken off his coat and so would not have to enter into any further discussion while he recovered it from the waiting-room .

This meant that the stuff from the mine had to be reduced by stages to a coarse sand which was then processed to extract the copper ( and other minerals ) .
this meant that the stuff from the mine had to be reduced by stages to a coarse sand which was then processed to [remove/take] the copper ( and other minerals ) .

Many poems have been written on the bowmen of Kent , the following being an extract from one of these .
many poems have been written on the bowmen of kent , the following being an [remove/take] from one of these .

An extract from another poem romances a day on the Butts .
an [remove/take] from another poem romances a day on the butts .

Using a proper name for a subject search may be easier for the user than attempting to guess at an appropriate subject heading , particularly if the object is to extract a class number to pursue subject searching at the shelves .
using a proper name for a subject search may be easier for the user than attempting to guess at an appropriate subject heading , particularly if the object is to [remove/take] a class number to pursue subject searching at the shelves .

Instead of regarding all confrontation situations as zero-sum games ( in which for one side to win the other must lose ) we could attempt to extract gains for both sides .
instead of regarding all confrontation situations as zero-sum games ( in which for one side to win the other must lose ) we could attempt to [remove/take] gains for both sides .

193 extract
193 [remove/take]

Extract is a form of recognition and a form of analysis but is somewhat different from both .
[remove/take] is a form of recognition and a form of analysis but is somewhat different from both .

The difference between a good thinker and an average thinker is often the difference in ability to extract something significant from where it is buried amongst other matters .
the difference between a good thinker and an average thinker is often the difference in ability to [remove/take] something significant from where it is buried amongst other matters .

In seven patients with severe cholangitis no attempt was made to extract the stones .
in seven patients with severe cholangitis no attempt was made to [remove/take] the stones .

An attempt was made to extract the bile duct stones in 33 ( 82.5 % ) of the patients .
an attempt was made to [remove/take] the bile duct stones in 33 ( 82.5 % ) of the patients .

The eluate was collected in a conical flask together with a column wash of 40 ml water ( aqueous extract ) .
the eluate was collected in a conical flask together with a column wash of 40 ml water ( aqueous [remove/take] ) .

The driver , a slight figure in a tweed jacket and grey flannel trousers , got out and looked across at the two women before turning to rummage behind the front seat and extract a bulky briefcase and an armful of files .
the driver , a slight figure in a tweed jacket and grey flannel trousers , got out and looked across at the two women before turning to rummage behind the front seat and [remove/take] a bulky briefcase and an armful of files .

The only way of doing this is to bring a supply of air to an internal lung , and there to extract from it as much oxygen as possible .
the only way of doing this is to bring a supply of air to an internal lung , and there to [remove/take] from it as much oxygen as possible .

What calculations could be performed to extract this information ?
what calculations could be performed to [remove/take] this information ?

Pavic , a moustached and gentlemanly Yugoslav , was waiting in the wings with an actress , who would read all but the first page or two of the chosen extract in English translation .
pavic , a moustached and gentlemanly yugoslav , was waiting in the wings with an actress , who would read all but the first page or two of the chosen [remove/take] in english translation .

Extract from a conversation at Karajan 's home near Salzburg , March 1988
[remove/take] from a conversation at karajan 's home near salzburg , march 1988

Later in the afternoon , Roirbak went to extract Nathan and Ari from Zambia 's clutches .
later in the afternoon , roirbak went to [remove/take] nathan and ari from zambia 's clutches .

Mellor , again , who realises that it was irascibility over broadcasters in general that got the then government into the fine mess from which he had to extract it .
mellor , again , who realises that it was irascibility over broadcasters in general that got the then government into the fine mess from which he had to [remove/take] it .

They compensate for this by gaining water from their food both through the workings of their powerful kidneys , which extract much of the water from the urine , and by the condensation of water during breathing .
they compensate for this by gaining water from their food both through the workings of their powerful kidneys , which [remove/take] much of the water from the urine , and by the condensation of water during breathing .

Israel hopes to extract the maximum from giving in to American pressure — applied by the withholding of aircraft identification codes — not to join in the war .
israel hopes to [remove/take] the maximum from giving in to american pressure — applied by the withholding of aircraft identification codes — not to join in the war .

There are three common grades of olive oil : extra virgin , which is thick and green , and cold-pressed with an acidity of less than 1 % ; virgin , which is green and cold-pressed but with up to 4 % acidity , and fine olive oil , for general cooking , which is heat treated during the second pressing to extract the maximum oil from the fruit and often blended with other olive oils .
there are three common grades of olive oil : extra virgin , which is thick and green , and cold-pressed with an acidity of less than 1 % ; virgin , which is green and cold-pressed but with up to 4 % acidity , and fine olive oil , for general cooking , which is heat treated during the second pressing to [remove/take] the maximum oil from the fruit and often blended with other olive oils .

It is certainly not strong enough to extract unconditional aid from the developed nations , habitually suspicious of what happens to their money once it reaches Third World administrations .
it is certainly not strong enough to [remove/take] unconditional aid from the developed nations , habitually suspicious of what happens to their money once it reaches third world administrations .

After Gower won the toss and put them in , West Indies had a good first day as Haynes made a patient 84 and Richardson his second successive century ; 269 for 2 at the close reflected the lack of life that Botham and Thomas had been able to extract from the pitch and the catches that had gone .
after gower won the toss and put them in , west indies had a good first day as haynes made a patient 84 and richardson his second successive century ; 269 for 2 at the close reflected the lack of life that botham and thomas had been able to [remove/take] from the pitch and the catches that had gone .

The next extract refers to a period in Salisbury when Philip Parrish works eight hours a day in preparation for his Civil Service examination without too many lapses into dreaming .
the next [remove/take] refers to a period in salisbury when philip parrish works eight hours a day in preparation for his civil service examination without too many lapses into dreaming .

As Timothy Hutton 's attention was openly on whatever his next problem was , McLeish decided to leave , and to extract anything else he needed from the documents .
as timothy hutton 's attention was openly on whatever his next problem was , mcleish decided to leave , and to [remove/take] anything else he needed from the documents .

The Masters had been out to dinner and were well mellowed , wide awake and disposed to chat , but sitting in their quarry-tiled kitchen-diner , with thousands of pounds ' worth of elegant cabinet work and expensive machinery around him , McLeish managed to extract a coherent story .
the masters had been out to dinner and were well mellowed , wide awake and disposed to chat , but sitting in their quarry-tiled kitchen-diner , with thousands of pounds ' worth of elegant cabinet work and expensive machinery around him , mcleish managed to [remove/take] a coherent story .

Indeed , West German officials in Brussels find that the prospect of German unity can make it easier to extract concessions from Bonn : the words ‘ but minister , this will be taken as a sign of German nationalism ’ work wonders .
indeed , west german officials in brussels find that the prospect of german unity can make it easier to [remove/take] concessions from bonn : the words ‘ but minister , this will be taken as a sign of german nationalism ’ work wonders .

But he has told former executives to extract themselves from jobs they managed to find in the Aquino era and hold themselves ready .
but he has told former executives to [remove/take] themselves from jobs they managed to find in the aquino era and hold themselves ready .

Rumours range from the truth through analysts ' exaggerations to blatant lies whose purpose is to make a profit or extract a dealer from an awkward position .
rumours range from the truth through analysts ' exaggerations to blatant lies whose purpose is to make a profit or [remove/take] a dealer from an awkward position .

The trouble with Quassia ( Letters , November 7 ) is that the extract is unstable , so you need to boil the dry chips for two hours and strain off the liquid each time you need to use it .
the trouble with quassia ( letters , november 7 ) is that the [remove/take] is unstable , so you need to boil the dry chips for two hours and strain off the liquid each time you need to use it .

And it is certainly true that , on previous form , the centre party has failed to extract any long-term benefit from recent occasions when it has held the balance of power .
and it is certainly true that , on previous form , the centre party has failed to [remove/take] any long-term benefit from recent occasions when it has held the balance of power .

Some feed more or less directly on sediment , from which they extract edible particles .
some feed more or less directly on sediment , from which they [remove/take] edible particles .

Sampling for mammal fossils often involves the patient sieving of great quantities of sediment to extract the fossil teeth .
sampling for mammal fossils often involves the patient sieving of great quantities of sediment to [remove/take] the fossil teeth .

This increases the length of the lophophore available to extract food from the feeding current , and so increases the efficiency of the process .
this increases the length of the lophophore available to [remove/take] food from the feeding current , and so increases the efficiency of the process .

We said we will try to extract that sulphur … so we are spending a fortune , well over a billion in the first instance , and then another £600 million after that , to try to take the sulphur out .
we said we will try to [remove/take] that sulphur … so we are spending a fortune , well over a billion in the first instance , and then another £600 million after that , to try to take the sulphur out .

This latter tendency is exacerbated because many organisms have a natural ability to extract and concentrate minerals from their surroundings , even if these are present only in very low concentrations .
this latter tendency is exacerbated because many organisms have a natural ability to [remove/take] and concentrate minerals from their surroundings , even if these are present only in very low concentrations .

That is , they use light energy to split water , and extract hydrogen ; and then combine this hydrogen with ( low-energy ) carbon dioxide to produce high-energy organic molecules : molecules which in turn act as fuel and as the raw material from which is fashioned almost all living flesh , both animal and plant .
that is , they use light energy to split water , and [remove/take] hydrogen ; and then combine this hydrogen with ( low-energy ) carbon dioxide to produce high-energy organic molecules : molecules which in turn act as fuel and as the raw material from which is fashioned almost all living flesh , both animal and plant .

Over the intervening months the Standard trickled a few reports including an extract from a glowing assessment made by Messrs. James Carter and Company , the Seedsman .
over the intervening months the standard trickled a few reports including an [remove/take] from a glowing assessment made by messrs. james carter and company , the seedsman .

an extract its first 50 years in style , viz .
an [remove/take] its first 50 years in style , viz .

an extract from the Henley Standard of July 25th , 1958 : ‘ Weekend of Celebration at Harpsden .
an [remove/take] from the henley standard of july 25th , 1958 : ‘ weekend of celebration at harpsden .

Statisticians and others use these methods to extract facts and probabilities from lists , tables , masses of figures or any set of numerical data . It is an investigational procedure involving either ,
statisticians and others use these methods to [remove/take] facts and probabilities from lists , tables , masses of figures or any set of numerical data . it is an investigational procedure involving either ,

how to highlight and extract the main patterns , trends and exceptions in numerical data
how to highlight and [remove/take] the main patterns , trends and exceptions in numerical data

The following passage is taken from my book ‘ Managing Stress ’ and you will see how it is possible to extract from the text the relevant key words and then to create a thought-flow chart from them :
the following passage is taken from my book ‘ managing stress ’ and you will see how it is possible to [remove/take] from the text the relevant key words and then to create a thought-flow chart from them :

The Prince became fascinated and vanished from sight into the mountain bikes , and it was twenty-four minutes before anyone could extract him and move him on .
the prince became fascinated and vanished from sight into the mountain bikes , and it was twenty-four minutes before anyone could [remove/take] him and move him on .

The latter contains grapefruit extract which maintains an acid pH on the skin 's surface and has a mildly astringent effect on open pores .
the latter contains grapefruit [remove/take] which maintains an acid ph on the skin 's surface and has a mildly astringent effect on open pores .

Our tester tried Nectar Elderflower Neck Gel ( £2.35 for 30g ; call 09603–51580 for mail order ) , which contains apricot and elderflower extract .
our tester tried nectar elderflower neck gel ( £2.35 for 30g ; call 09603–51580 for mail order ) , which contains apricot and elderflower [remove/take] .

Surely the corollary of his great ‘ mythopoeia ’ discussion with Dyson and Tolkien was that the story of Christ was much more important than any doctrine which a fallible or fallen human mind could extract from it ?
surely the corollary of his great ‘ mythopoeia ’ discussion with dyson and tolkien was that the story of christ was much more important than any doctrine which a fallible or fallen human mind could [remove/take] from it ?

Each of the four fragranced oils used here are combined with purified tonic water and henna extract .
each of the four fragranced oils used here are combined with purified tonic water and henna [remove/take] .

Breakfast Virtually fat-free plain yoghurt , fromage frais or cottage cheese , wholemeal toast with low-fat spread and jam or yeast extract .
breakfast virtually fat-free plain yoghurt , fromage frais or cottage cheese , wholemeal toast with low-fat spread and jam or yeast [remove/take] .

Wholemeal/wholegrain bread , ideally with no spread , or a little very-low-fat spread , plus reduced-sugar jam or marmalade , meat or yeast extract , very-low-fat curd or cottage cheese , mashed banana .
wholemeal/wholegrain bread , ideally with no spread , or a little very-low-fat spread , plus reduced-sugar jam or marmalade , meat or yeast [remove/take] , very-low-fat curd or cottage cheese , mashed banana .

This extract is useful in order to illustrate how the field-worker , on the one policeman 's own admission , both needed to be tested and was successful in passing .
this [remove/take] is useful in order to illustrate how the field-worker , on the one policeman 's own admission , both needed to be tested and was successful in passing .

Below is an extract from the field notes , where the field-worker was talking with two plain-clothes men :
below is an [remove/take] from the field notes , where the field-worker was talking with two plain-clothes men :

Below is an extract of conversation at the beginning of a shift .
below is an [remove/take] of conversation at the beginning of a shift .

The following is an extract from the field notes , describing the return from court of two policemen , one a relatively inexperienced recruit .
the following is an [remove/take] from the field notes , describing the return from court of two policemen , one a relatively inexperienced recruit .

Below is an extract from the field notes which illustrates the context in which this moral was recounted :
below is an [remove/take] from the field notes which illustrates the context in which this moral was recounted :

The following is an extract from the field notes where the field-worker describes a conversation in which a juvenile liaison officer is explaining who typically is encountered in her work :
the following is an [remove/take] from the field notes where the field-worker describes a conversation in which a juvenile liaison officer is explaining who typically is encountered in her work :

The style of policing exemplified by this extract derives not only from the personal qualities of the people in the Neighbourhood Unit but also from the whole organizational climate in which they work .
the style of policing exemplified by this [remove/take] derives not only from the personal qualities of the people in the neighbourhood unit but also from the whole organizational climate in which they work .

This extract is made up of two consecutive speeches to Jessica ; either speech can be played for an audition , but if you have the time to do them both together the extract works well .
this [remove/take] is made up of two consecutive speeches to jessica ; either speech can be played for an audition , but if you have the time to do them both together the [remove/take] works well .

In this extract three speeches have been linked together .
in this [remove/take] three speeches have been linked together .

Perhaps you could have two pieces of broken gramophone record with you as a prop to start the extract .
perhaps you could have two pieces of broken gramophone record with you as a prop to start the [remove/take] .

( In this extract several pieces of Owen 's dialogue have been put together . )
( in this [remove/take] several pieces of owen 's dialogue have been put together . )

There are many shifting thoughts to be considered in this extract , and there is colour too ; you need to convey the spurts of energy vocally .
there are many shifting thoughts to be considered in this [remove/take] , and there is colour too ; you need to convey the spurts of energy vocally .

And then six of us did an extract from Great Expectations .
and then six of us did an [remove/take] from great expectations .

That a person has done so in order to extract the monnaie .
that a person has done so in order to [remove/take] the monnaie .

( The language of the extract has been modernized to render it accessible to the general reader .
( the language of the [remove/take] has been modernized to render it accessible to the general reader .

The evidence in this extract is conclusive , and it can therefore be definitively stated that Agatha Christie 's source for the character of Hercule Poirot was Speke , Parot .
the evidence in this [remove/take] is conclusive , and it can therefore be definitively stated that agatha christie 's source for the character of hercule poirot was speke , parot .

So much yeast is produced during fermentation that large amounts are sold to companies such as Marmite to be turned into yeast extract .
so much yeast is produced during fermentation that large amounts are sold to companies such as marmite to be turned into yeast [remove/take] .

Rinse the can out twice with boiling water to remove all the extract and pour the rinse water into the pan .
rinse the can out twice with boiling water to remove all the [remove/take] and pour the rinse water into the pan .

Another curious attribute of the powder is that when cooked out it helps to extract other flavours while losing its own .
another curious attribute of the powder is that when cooked out it helps to [remove/take] other flavours while losing its own .

There has always been considerable social stigma attached to the venereal diseases , probably more so in the country than the town . The following is an extract from the Manchester Quarter Sessions in 1651 :
there has always been considerable social stigma attached to the venereal diseases , probably more so in the country than the town . the following is an [remove/take] from the manchester quarter sessions in 1651 :

In 1363 , Guy de Chauliac invented an ointment for the treatment of scabies which contained , amongst other things , gum-resin , yellow lead oxide , extract of wild delphinium , old pig 's fat , and one-ninth part mercury .
in 1363 , guy de chauliac invented an ointment for the treatment of scabies which contained , amongst other things , gum-resin , yellow lead oxide , [remove/take] of wild delphinium , old pig 's fat , and one-ninth part mercury .

For a brief time in the sixteenth century , mercury was supplanted by an extract of the bark of a West Indian tree , Guaiacum .
for a brief time in the sixteenth century , mercury was supplanted by an [remove/take] of the bark of a west indian tree , guaiacum .

In 1519 Von Hutten , a poet , published De Morbi Gallici Curatione per Administrationem Ligni Guaiaci in which he described the tortures of mercury treatment and the blessed relief of this new extract .
in 1519 von hutten , a poet , published de morbi gallici curatione per administrationem ligni guaiaci in which he described the tortures of mercury treatment and the blessed relief of this new [remove/take] .

Two other drugs were introduced in the sixteenth century , ‘ China root ’ , an extract of Smilax sinensis , which was brought over from Goa by the Portuguese , and sarsaparilla from Sassafras officinale , an American plant .
two other drugs were introduced in the sixteenth century , ‘ china root ’ , an [remove/take] of smilax sinensis , which was brought over from goa by the portuguese , and sarsaparilla from sassafras officinale , an american plant .

The gonococcus is a fastidious organism and demands not only the normal foodstuffs found in bacterial growth media ( normally blood products , meat extract , or ‘ chocolate ’ , which is boiled blood ) but it relies on the correct temperature , humidity , and carbon dioxide content in the surrounding atmosphere .
the gonococcus is a fastidious organism and demands not only the normal foodstuffs found in bacterial growth media ( normally blood products , meat [remove/take] , or ‘ chocolate ’ , which is boiled blood ) but it relies on the correct temperature , humidity , and carbon dioxide content in the surrounding atmosphere .

These may be caustic , such as trichloroacetic acid or phenol , or anti-mitotic ( acting on the virus-infected cell to stop it dividing ) , like podophylline , which is an extract of a fungus .
these may be caustic , such as trichloroacetic acid or phenol , or anti-mitotic ( acting on the virus-infected cell to stop it dividing ) , like podophylline , which is an [remove/take] of a fungus .

In actuality it was Morrissey utilising his long sought-after position of power to extract a little revenge , nothing more than ‘ Look at me now , you spineless bastards ’ .
in actuality it was morrissey utilising his long sought-after position of power to [remove/take] a little revenge , nothing more than ‘ look at me now , you spineless bastards ’ .

1 tsp vanilla extract .
1 tsp vanilla [remove/take] .

Stir in the eggs , vanilla extract , almond essence and butter until they are evenly combined .
stir in the eggs , vanilla [remove/take] , almond essence and butter until they are evenly combined .

1½ tbsps pure vanilla extract , or 1 tbsp vanilla extract and 1 tsp crushed vanilla beans .
1½ tbsps pure vanilla [remove/take] , or 1 tbsp vanilla [remove/take] and 1 tsp crushed vanilla beans .

1 tsp pure vanilla extract .
1 tsp pure vanilla [remove/take] .

½ tsp pure vanilla extract .
½ tsp pure vanilla [remove/take] .

It contains ivy extract to tone , butcher 's broom which helps to stimulate circulation and mateine , believed by Frenchwomen to help fat dissolve .
it contains ivy [remove/take] to tone , butcher 's broom which helps to stimulate circulation and mateine , believed by frenchwomen to help fat dissolve .

There is urgent need to determine the limits of production … if we are to avoid the danger of trying to extract more from the land than it is capable of yielding .
there is urgent need to determine the limits of production … if we are to avoid the danger of trying to [remove/take] more from the land than it is capable of yielding .

‘ Only an extract . Someone in London must be blocking complete access … ’
‘ only an [remove/take] . someone in london must be blocking complete access … ’

The pyocyanases and the penicillia did not appear to harm patients , but they were too difficult to extract and too unstable to be useful .
the pyocyanases and the penicillia did not appear to harm patients , but they were too difficult to [remove/take] and too unstable to be useful .

How else , short of applying it to humans , could one test whether a particular extract contained the carcinogenic material ?
how else , short of applying it to humans , could one test whether a particular [remove/take] contained the carcinogenic material ?

The original observation that an extract containing prostaglandins lowered blood pressure was a good reason for further investigation , but did not mean that it would lead to an agent for treating high blood pressure .
the original observation that an [remove/take] containing prostaglandins lowered blood pressure was a good reason for further investigation , but did not mean that it would lead to an agent for treating high blood pressure .

Stirling , who arrived back bearing gifts of tobacco and rum , had made a lightning tour of headquarters , complaining of his treatment by the Eighth Army , and had managed to extract promises of greater cooperation in future .
stirling , who arrived back bearing gifts of tobacco and rum , had made a lightning tour of headquarters , complaining of his treatment by the eighth army , and had managed to [remove/take] promises of greater cooperation in future .

The spirit of the answers is seen in this extract from one of the letters :
the spirit of the answers is seen in this [remove/take] from one of the letters :

Those who did not want to buy a bigger or better house were able to borrow more to extract equity from their fast-appreciating assets .
those who did not want to buy a bigger or better house were able to borrow more to [remove/take] equity from their fast-appreciating assets .

It will help policemen and insurance assessors to extract sensible evidence from befuddled witnesses , tease effective instructions out of skilled but inarticulate craftsmen , and trick unwary criminals into much completer confessions than they had intended .
it will help policemen and insurance assessors to [remove/take] sensible evidence from befuddled witnesses , tease effective instructions out of skilled but inarticulate craftsmen , and trick unwary criminals into much completer confessions than they had intended .

In this example , the marketing research data might be useful for the management of the individual subsidiaries in Mexico , Canada , Spain and France , but management at Milwaukee Way 's headquarters would not be able to extract data for global marketing information and inter-country comparisons .
in this example , the marketing research data might be useful for the management of the individual subsidiaries in mexico , canada , spain and france , but management at milwaukee way 's headquarters would not be able to [remove/take] data for global marketing information and inter-country comparisons .

Extract from a letter received from an ex-member of the Womens Royal Air Force after a period of convalescence at Richard Peck House ‘ It was my good fortune to be given a period of convalescence at Richard Peck House after major surgery .
[remove/take] from a letter received from an ex-member of the womens royal air force after a period of convalescence at richard peck house ‘ it was my good fortune to be given a period of convalescence at richard peck house after major surgery .

Chemists can extract gas from transformer oil , a process which enables operational engineers to monitor potential overheating or electrical problems within oil-filled transformers .
chemists can [remove/take] gas from transformer oil , a process which enables operational engineers to monitor potential overheating or electrical problems within oil-filled transformers .

For example , the dry aqueous alcohol extract of Vaccinium myrtillus berries ( bilberry ) has been marketed in Italy since 1964 for the treatment of eye problems and microcirculation disorders .
for example , the dry aqueous alcohol [remove/take] of vaccinium myrtillus berries ( bilberry ) has been marketed in italy since 1964 for the treatment of eye problems and microcirculation disorders .

Recent work has shown that the extract also has antiulcer activity due to anthocyanosides and one aglycone , cyanidin chloridel ( 16 ) ( IdB 1027 ) , is particularly active .
recent work has shown that the [remove/take] also has antiulcer activity due to anthocyanosides and one aglycone , cyanidin chloridel ( 16 ) ( idb 1027 ) , is particularly active .

Extract from Miller 's letter to Alston , 1737
[remove/take] from miller 's letter to alston , 1737

The following extract from the Preface of the Catalogus appears to have been written by one who had sound knowledge of the Chelsea Garden — almost certainly Philip Miller .
the following [remove/take] from the preface of the catalogus appears to have been written by one who had sound knowledge of the chelsea garden — almost certainly philip miller .

Dentists had no financial incentive to extract teeth , he said .
dentists had no financial incentive to [remove/take] teeth , he said .

’ She used the cloth to slide back a hot glass plate and extract a rather tired looking object .
’ she used the cloth to slide back a hot glass plate and [remove/take] a rather tired looking object .

In today 's extract , Gilly spoils all her chances of having a happy and permanent relationship with Maime Trotter — someone who , unlike Gilly 's mother , is prepared to be completely kind , affectionate and forgiving .
in today 's [remove/take] , gilly spoils all her chances of having a happy and permanent relationship with maime trotter — someone who , unlike gilly 's mother , is prepared to be completely kind , affectionate and forgiving .

The extract starts where Gilly has just received a postcard from her mother .
the [remove/take] starts where gilly has just received a postcard from her mother .

Today 's reading is an extract from a book called The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole Aged 13¾ ; by Sue Townsend .
today 's reading is an [remove/take] from a book called the secret diary of adrian mole aged 13¾ ; by sue townsend .

In this extract , Mouse knows that the biggest , toughest boy in the school , Marv Hammerman , is looking for a fight with him .
in this [remove/take] , mouse knows that the biggest , toughest boy in the school , marv hammerman , is looking for a fight with him .

In 1945 John Hersey , an American journalist , was sent by The New Yorker to interview survivors of Hiroshima . The following extract is taken from his account of what happened to a Japanese doctor , Dr Sasaki :
in 1945 john hersey , an american journalist , was sent by the new yorker to interview survivors of hiroshima . the following [remove/take] is taken from his account of what happened to a japanese doctor , dr sasaki :

The extract is taken from the beginning of a story called ‘ Gaffer Roberts ’ .
the [remove/take] is taken from the beginning of a story called ‘ gaffer roberts ’ .

Volumes of almost 900m shares reflected not only the Midland placing , but also a sizeable number of program trades , where institutions inject or extract large blocks of funds across a range of stocks at a pre-arranged time and at pre-determined prices .
volumes of almost 900m shares reflected not only the midland placing , but also a sizeable number of program trades , where institutions inject or [remove/take] large blocks of funds across a range of stocks at a pre-arranged time and at pre-determined prices .

The easiness of the wicket was further confirmed when Durham 's bowlers also failed to extract any joy from it .
the easiness of the wicket was further confirmed when durham 's bowlers also failed to [remove/take] any joy from it .

In this extract the social worker focuses on the first aspect of the triad and explores with the client whether she is consistent in their guilt reaction .
in this [remove/take] the social worker focuses on the first aspect of the triad and explores with the client whether she is consistent in their guilt reaction .

The clearances for sheep farming were delayed by the temporary prosperity of the kelp industry , which required abundant labour for the arduous work of collecting and burning seaweed to extract alkali for use in the manufacture of glass and soap on the mainland .
the clearances for sheep farming were delayed by the temporary prosperity of the kelp industry , which required abundant labour for the arduous work of collecting and burning seaweed to [remove/take] alkali for use in the manufacture of glass and soap on the mainland .

His fear is that he will be tortured to extract information about his brother .
his fear is that he will be tortured to [remove/take] information about his brother .

‘ The changes facing the industry with the ending of the variable premium in a few months time made buyers highly selective , ’ said auctioneer Michael Walton who managed to extract an average £1000 for ram lambs against a 1990 figure of £1209 .
‘ the changes facing the industry with the ending of the variable premium in a few months time made buyers highly selective , ’ said auctioneer michael walton who managed to [remove/take] an average £1000 for ram lambs against a 1990 figure of £1209 .

To keep one 's faculties to the last , if possible , heightened the dignity of death . Nothing could illustrate the point more vividly than the following extract from a letter written in 1857 by Thomas Boardman to one of his surviving sons , describing the death of another son , who was curate at Louth :
to keep one 's faculties to the last , if possible , heightened the dignity of death . nothing could illustrate the point more vividly than the following [remove/take] from a letter written in 1857 by thomas boardman to one of his surviving sons , describing the death of another son , who was curate at louth :

Here is an extract from such a letter , written in 1863 by Charlie Thomson , who had gone to Australia not long before to make his fortune :
here is an [remove/take] from such a letter , written in 1863 by charlie thomson , who had gone to australia not long before to make his fortune :

In Evangelical circles , this confident explanation of the inscrutable working of providence persisted throughout most of the nineteenth century . It is exemplified in the following extract from a letter addressed in April 1866 to my grandfather , Henry Cecil , on the loss of his first child , a daughter , aged four weeks :
in evangelical circles , this confident explanation of the inscrutable working of providence persisted throughout most of the nineteenth century . it is exemplified in the following [remove/take] from a letter addressed in april 1866 to my grandfather , henry cecil , on the loss of his first child , a daughter , aged four weeks :

It is well expressed in another extract from Judith Holt 's diary :
it is well expressed in another [remove/take] from judith holt 's diary :

The following extract from the preface to Orion aveugle ( 1970 ) conveys the importance he attaches to the exploitation of both signifier and signified :
the following [remove/take] from the preface to orion aveugle ( 1970 ) conveys the importance he attaches to the exploitation of both signifier and signified :

You can either reproduce it in its entirety ; adapt and expand it to accommodate your impulse purchases ; or simply extract from it , to put into other planting schemes , the plants that take your fancy .
you can either reproduce it in its entirety ; adapt and expand it to accommodate your impulse purchases ; or simply [remove/take] from it , to put into other planting schemes , the plants that take your fancy .

His son Rolf , who disowned him after failing to extract any signs of remorse from him , visited him in 1977 .
his son rolf , who disowned him after failing to [remove/take] any signs of remorse from him , visited him in 1977 .

‘ CO&sub2 ; extract hops are expensive but they do give a good hop nose when they 're added in the conditioning tank .
‘ co&sub2 ; [remove/take] hops are expensive but they do give a good hop nose when they 're added in the conditioning tank .

Flavours may also be separated in the hop extract and can be fractionated .
flavours may also be separated in the hop [remove/take] and can be fractionated .

Dry hop flavour is an interesting application since the use of a liquid extract allows a more accurate and consistent flavour to be produced .
dry hop flavour is an interesting application since the use of a liquid [remove/take] allows a more accurate and consistent flavour to be produced .

Dry hop extract provides immediate character which lasts longer and reduces the possibility of infection being added from whole hops or , more likely , from a dirty hand .
dry hop [remove/take] provides immediate character which lasts longer and reduces the possibility of infection being added from whole hops or , more likely , from a dirty hand .

‘ In the early days alcohol , methanol , even benzine were used to extract hops oils , ’ David Gardner said .
‘ in the early days alcohol , methanol , even benzine were used to [remove/take] hops oils , ’ david gardner said .

However , owner know-how will extract you from trouble .
however , owner know-how will [remove/take] you from trouble .

Sir : Your reports today quite rightly praise the efforts being made in Sheffield to extract energy from waste and to recycle paper , glass , plastics and steel cans .
sir : your reports today quite rightly praise the efforts being made in sheffield to [remove/take] energy from waste and to recycle paper , glass , plastics and steel cans .

Poppy seeds sprinkled on bread as a flavouring have a disconcerting tendency to react chemically in the same way as the extract of the opium poppy , so that a worker could be mistaken for a heroin user because of what he ate for breakfast .
poppy seeds sprinkled on bread as a flavouring have a disconcerting tendency to react chemically in the same way as the [remove/take] of the opium poppy , so that a worker could be mistaken for a heroin user because of what he ate for breakfast .

What the Government really could have done without were attempts by some of its backbenchers to actually extract some moral credit from this episode .
what the government really could have done without were attempts by some of its backbenchers to actually [remove/take] some moral credit from this episode .

The Purnells and their supporters owned land on the proposed route of the canal and were able to delay the construction , as well as ultimately extract the highest price paid for any of the land between the Severn and Stroud .
the purnells and their supporters owned land on the proposed route of the canal and were able to delay the construction , as well as ultimately [remove/take] the highest price paid for any of the land between the severn and stroud .

Of this , 4 million cubic kilometres is a reasonable estimate for the freshwater we could extract .
of this , 4 million cubic kilometres is a reasonable estimate for the freshwater we could [remove/take] .

This season 's Floral range of toiletries ( pictured here ) is available in three specially blended traditional fragrances enhanced by natural oils and plant extracts : sweetpea with almond oil , rose with cucumber extract , and honeysuckle with peach kernel .
this season 's floral range of toiletries ( pictured here ) is available in three specially blended traditional fragrances enhanced by natural oils and plant extracts : sweetpea with almond oil , rose with cucumber [remove/take] , and honeysuckle with peach kernel .

Often our unfortunate young woman will be able to extract the sum involved from the father of the infant .
often our unfortunate young woman will be able to [remove/take] the sum involved from the father of the infant .

As already explained , the first Magnox power stations ( at Calder Hall and Chapelcross ) were built primarily to extract plutonium for nuclear weapons .
as already explained , the first magnox power stations ( at calder hall and chapelcross ) were built primarily to [remove/take] plutonium for nuclear weapons .

Salter told the inquiry how his ‘ bobbing duck ’ device — a duck-shaped canister which , when installed in lines out to sea , would continually extract energy from the waves — had at that time ( 1982 ) been officially estimated to be capable of producing electricity at about 5 pence per kilowatt hour ( p/kWh ) .
salter told the inquiry how his ‘ bobbing duck ’ device — a duck-shaped canister which , when installed in lines out to sea , would continually [remove/take] energy from the waves — had at that time ( 1982 ) been officially estimated to be capable of producing electricity at about 5 pence per kilowatt hour ( p/kwh ) .

Gillian Newsum has just written an excellent book about him and we were lucky enough to be offered an extract to whet your appetite !
gillian newsum has just written an excellent book about him and we were lucky enough to be offered an [remove/take] to whet your appetite !

In this exclusive pre-publication extract from Milton , Gillian Newsum describes Milton 's life at home and abroad .
in this exclusive pre-publication [remove/take] from milton , gillian newsum describes milton 's life at home and abroad .

He knew how to extract ideas and information from people without ever making them feel sucked of vitality — because he never failed to give back as much as he took .
he knew how to [remove/take] ideas and information from people without ever making them feel sucked of vitality — because he never failed to give back as much as he took .

Peat cutting became a major industry in the Lancashire mosses in the nineteenth century , and on maps of Wicken Fen and Hatfield Chase , you will find ‘ Poor Piece ’ , which was where the local cottagers could cut peat for themselves , subject to regulations prescribing a limited season for peat cutting and insisting that a man may extract as much peat as he can , provided he does not employ assistance .
peat cutting became a major industry in the lancashire mosses in the nineteenth century , and on maps of wicken fen and hatfield chase , you will find ‘ poor piece ’ , which was where the local cottagers could cut peat for themselves , subject to regulations prescribing a limited season for peat cutting and insisting that a man may [remove/take] as much peat as he can , provided he does not employ assistance .

Andrew Motion 's recent poem ‘ Inland ’ describes how a society , as much as an ecology , was overturned by drainage projects in the seventeenth-century fens . In this extract , a fen villager watches the arrival by boat of the men who are going to change his life :
andrew motion 's recent poem ‘ inland ’ describes how a society , as much as an ecology , was overturned by drainage projects in the seventeenth-century fens . in this [remove/take] , a fen villager watches the arrival by boat of the men who are going to change his life :

One of them was an extract from the prayer of St Theresa of Avila .
one of them was an [remove/take] from the prayer of st theresa of avila .

Help me to extract all possible fun out of life .
help me to [remove/take] all possible fun out of life .

As this extract from Early Life suggests , difficulties were also caused by the quantity of work he was called upon to undertake .
as this [remove/take] from early life suggests , difficulties were also caused by the quantity of work he was called upon to undertake .

To extract heat from the rock , two j-shaped boreholes have to be drilled into the rock , several kilometers deep .
to [remove/take] heat from the rock , two j-shaped boreholes have to be drilled into the rock , several kilometers deep .

Young people , the unemployed and women returning to work after a long period at home will have to show extra ingenuity to extract evidence of their work skills and potential from their life history .
young people , the unemployed and women returning to work after a long period at home will have to show extra ingenuity to [remove/take] evidence of their work skills and potential from their life history .

Squeeze the peel to extract any juice and pour this into the wine mixture .
squeeze the peel to [remove/take] any juice and pour this into the wine mixture .

Polish and German farmers collaborated throughout the Prussian east to extract huge sums of money from the Commission through the sale and resale of the same property several times over — each time at an ‘ improved ’ price .
polish and german farmers collaborated throughout the prussian east to [remove/take] huge sums of money from the commission through the sale and resale of the same property several times over — each time at an ‘ improved ’ price .

They made deals with heavy industry and government to extract huge subsidies to maintain their outmoded and inefficient estates and they gained tariff protection for their expensive and inefficiently produced foodstuffs .
they made deals with heavy industry and government to [remove/take] huge subsidies to maintain their outmoded and inefficient estates and they gained tariff protection for their expensive and inefficiently produced foodstuffs .

can extract any kind of worthwhile
can [remove/take] any kind of worthwhile

Being angled , it allows the user to extract soil from a deep hole without the soil sliding off the blade .
being angled , it allows the user to [remove/take] soil from a deep hole without the soil sliding off the blade .

The pig would be hung up on a big strong hook and there was much to-ing and fro-ing with kettles of boiling water to help scrape off the bristles and extract the entrails .
the pig would be hung up on a big strong hook and there was much to-ing and fro-ing with kettles of boiling water to help scrape off the bristles and [remove/take] the entrails .

However , according to Dr Jean Valnet , the Egyptians used a primitive form of distillation to extract the essential oils from plants .
however , according to dr jean valnet , the egyptians used a primitive form of distillation to [remove/take] the essential oils from plants .

Although the terminology may sound dated , little else in the extract does .
although the terminology may sound dated , little else in the [remove/take] does .

The bureaux can register enquiries in considerable detail in the knowledge that the computer will enable them to extract information under many headings .
the bureaux can register enquiries in considerable detail in the knowledge that the computer will enable them to [remove/take] information under many headings .

But if you can offer talents that are in short supply , you may be better able to extract concessions than you suppose .
but if you can offer talents that are in short supply , you may be better able to [remove/take] concessions than you suppose .

For example , it may be thought that a computer programmer will extract some kind of revenge by introducing a logic bomb into the computer system .
for example , it may be thought that a computer programmer will [remove/take] some kind of revenge by introducing a logic bomb into the computer system .

Magnifies heart-cut soxhlet extract ( 6 ) .
magnifies heart-cut soxhlet [remove/take] ( 6 ) .

It appears that black males and females of West Indian origin have a strikingly lower prevalence of both hypercholesterolaemia and hypertriglyceridaemia compared to those of Asian or European extract ( Pacy et al , 1985 ) .
it appears that black males and females of west indian origin have a strikingly lower prevalence of both hypercholesterolaemia and hypertriglyceridaemia compared to those of asian or european [remove/take] ( pacy et al , 1985 ) .

An extract from the picture is shown in Fig 11.4 .
an [remove/take] from the picture is shown in fig 11.4 .

Since Pegasus was head of the Proculian school after Nerva , but Valens was later than both , we can not extract from the evidence a pattern based on chronology ; nor , since we find members of the same school on opposite sides , does it seem to be a matter of school dogma .
since pegasus was head of the proculian school after nerva , but valens was later than both , we can not [remove/take] from the evidence a pattern based on chronology ; nor , since we find members of the same school on opposite sides , does it seem to be a matter of school dogma .

Also , a reporter can only extract a tiny part from any whole event , and in many cases he extracts what will be eye-catching and provocative .
also , a reporter can only [remove/take] a tiny part from any whole event , and in many cases he extracts what will be eye-catching and provocative .

One way will ensnare you and entangle your life to such an extent that you will find it difficult to extract yourself from the situation in which you suddenly find yourself .
one way will ensnare you and entangle your life to such an extent that you will find it difficult to [remove/take] yourself from the situation in which you suddenly find yourself .

You owe it to yourself to extract yourself from your present situation and reassess your life .
you owe it to yourself to [remove/take] yourself from your present situation and reassess your life .

The same kind of damage has been described for the golden eagle feeding on roe deer ( Ratcliffe & Rowe , 1979 ) : when it penetrates the carcase through the shoulder region , it breaks through the scapula so as to extract the soft internal organs .
the same kind of damage has been described for the golden eagle feeding on roe deer ( ratcliffe & rowe , 1979 ) : when it penetrates the carcase through the shoulder region , it breaks through the scapula so as to [remove/take] the soft internal organs .

The vertebral border of the scapula is broken in every case , some more than others , probably as a result of entry into the body cavity by the eagle to extract the heart and lungs .
the vertebral border of the scapula is broken in every case , some more than others , probably as a result of entry into the body cavity by the eagle to [remove/take] the heart and lungs .

For cooling and ventilating , 12 torpedo ventilators were placed in the roof to extract the air , and on either side of the gangways , some 5ft from the floor level , were louvred ventilators , protected by perforated zinc to keep out the dust .
for cooling and ventilating , 12 torpedo ventilators were placed in the roof to [remove/take] the air , and on either side of the gangways , some 5ft from the floor level , were louvred ventilators , protected by perforated zinc to keep out the dust .

This additional need to prove negligence imposes a considerable burden on the plaintiff , but where a Code of Practice is in existence failure of the water authority to adhere to the Code 's terms , will provide valuable evidence of their negligence . By way of illustration the following is an extract from one such Code of Practice :
this additional need to prove negligence imposes a considerable burden on the plaintiff , but where a code of practice is in existence failure of the water authority to adhere to the code 's terms , will provide valuable evidence of their negligence . by way of illustration the following is an [remove/take] from one such code of practice :

The following is an example of a passage from the study , based on an extract from a newspaper report It contains a surface anaphor that does not conform to Hankamer & Sag 's criteria .
the following is an example of a passage from the study , based on an [remove/take] from a newspaper report it contains a surface anaphor that does not conform to hankamer & sag 's criteria .

So , at least according to off-line judgements , the message conveyed by this passage was not difficult to extract , but it was expressed in a way that was not fully acceptable to focused critical judgement
so , at least according to off-line judgements , the message conveyed by this passage was not difficult to [remove/take] , but it was expressed in a way that was not fully acceptable to focused critical judgement

The lungs are then able to extract more oxygen from the increased air supply and deliver it to the cells where it is needed to combine with food to produce energy .
the lungs are then able to [remove/take] more oxygen from the increased air supply and deliver it to the cells where it is needed to combine with food to produce energy .

The last time he had felt like this was in a house in Florence , when he and Julius had been about to visit Cosimo de ' Medici and extract a commission to represent the Medici in Trebizond .
the last time he had felt like this was in a house in florence , when he and julius had been about to visit cosimo de ' medici and [remove/take] a commission to represent the medici in trebizond .

Armed with that written judgement Rich was legally entitled to extract what he said Dunn owed him , in whichever of two ways appealed to him most .
armed with that written judgement rich was legally entitled to [remove/take] what he said dunn owed him , in whichever of two ways appealed to him most .

In a sense , then , little had changed , as the managers had to resort to the old method of cajoling the workforce to extract maximum effort .
in a sense , then , little had changed , as the managers had to resort to the old method of cajoling the workforce to [remove/take] maximum effort .

As electronic components become smaller and more powerful it becomes increasingly important to extract waste heat from them .
as electronic components become smaller and more powerful it becomes increasingly important to [remove/take] waste heat from them .

Penney , Cockcroft and Hinton [ Britain 's nuclear ‘ barons ’ ] agreed that Harwell should provide the research information and flowsheet for a plant , to be built at Windscale , to extract polonium from bismuth irradiated in the piles .
penney , cockcroft and hinton [ britain 's nuclear ‘ barons ’ ] agreed that harwell should provide the research information and flowsheet for a plant , to be built at windscale , to [remove/take] polonium from bismuth irradiated in the piles .

By contrast , anyone looking at the record of a computer attack would think it had been managed by a sadist wishing to extract the last possible drop of pain our of the victory .
by contrast , anyone looking at the record of a computer attack would think it had been managed by a sadist wishing to [remove/take] the last possible drop of pain our of the victory .

And unlike with manganese nodules , the technology to extract the sulphides is not available .
and unlike with manganese nodules , the technology to [remove/take] the sulphides is not available .

With all this intellectual philanthropy , a Russian intelligence gatherer needs no covert skills to extract valuable information .
with all this intellectual philanthropy , a russian intelligence gatherer needs no covert skills to [remove/take] valuable information .

But instead of filtering food from huge quantities of water they have to extract it from a mass of indigestible vegetable matter .
but instead of filtering food from huge quantities of water they have to [remove/take] it from a mass of indigestible vegetable matter .

Extract from a teachers ' guide ( Nigeria ) Required for one Science lesson : Class 3
[remove/take] from a teachers ' guide ( nigeria ) required for one science lesson : class 3

The task is to extract that wisdom from its vast and varied hiding places , and to integrate it into a much simpler rationalised philosophy , which can be accepted by all .
the task is to [remove/take] that wisdom from its vast and varied hiding places , and to integrate it into a much simpler rationalised philosophy , which can be accepted by all .

Theologians and others should have no special influence , except that , from them would be expected the contribution of those ‘ pearls of wisdom ’ which they , by virtue of their training and studies , are best equipped to extract from the religions and scriptural writings of the past .
theologians and others should have no special influence , except that , from them would be expected the contribution of those ‘ pearls of wisdom ’ which they , by virtue of their training and studies , are best equipped to [remove/take] from the religions and scriptural writings of the past .

It is the time during which the evolutionary process was producing the human form as it now is , and laying down the pattern from which man , in remote retrospect , can now extract the necessary information on which to lay the foundation of the concept of the Created God , and to understand how he must develop that concept .
it is the time during which the evolutionary process was producing the human form as it now is , and laying down the pattern from which man , in remote retrospect , can now [remove/take] the necessary information on which to lay the foundation of the concept of the created god , and to understand how he must develop that concept .

It will be assumed from here on that the evolutionary events which provided , for the seekers after truth , that area of knowledge from which modern man could , millions of years later , extract a viable foundation for a Created God , do in fact do that , by providing the substance of an acceptable hypothesis .
it will be assumed from here on that the evolutionary events which provided , for the seekers after truth , that area of knowledge from which modern man could , millions of years later , [remove/take] a viable foundation for a created god , do in fact do that , by providing the substance of an acceptable hypothesis .

That is , he has been struggling to extract and create ‘ goodness ’ from his earthly life and to find some way to preserve it .
that is , he has been struggling to [remove/take] and create ‘ goodness ’ from his earthly life and to find some way to preserve it .

The history of the battles on the interracial scale and of lesser conflicts on the individual scale , has provided a vast store from which humanity can obtain limitless examples from which to extract actions which are universally acceptable as ‘ good ’ .
the history of the battles on the interracial scale and of lesser conflicts on the individual scale , has provided a vast store from which humanity can obtain limitless examples from which to [remove/take] actions which are universally acceptable as ‘ good ’ .

The following extract is from the opening pages of With Peter and Susan , the McKee Readers , book 3 ( London : Nelson — no date , although from the illustrations it appears to be a pre-war reader .
the following [remove/take] is from the opening pages of with peter and susan , the mckee readers , book 3 ( london : nelson — no date , although from the illustrations it appears to be a pre-war reader .

The size of the project is impressive : 150km of tunnel driven by 11 tunnel boring machines ( TBMs ) which will extract 7m cubic metres of spoil at estimated peak rates of nearly 7,000 cubic metres per day on the British side and 4,000 cubic metres per day on the French .
the size of the project is impressive : 150km of tunnel driven by 11 tunnel boring machines ( tbms ) which will [remove/take] 7m cubic metres of spoil at estimated peak rates of nearly 7,000 cubic metres per day on the british side and 4,000 cubic metres per day on the french .

Bukharin began his critique by quoting from a letter written by Marx to his friend Kugelmann on 11 July 1868 , and since it is a keystone in Bukharin 's case it is well worth reproducing the same extract here .
bukharin began his critique by quoting from a letter written by marx to his friend kugelmann on 11 july 1868 , and since it is a keystone in bukharin 's case it is well worth reproducing the same [remove/take] here .

Preobrazhensky also wanted to use the market mechanism to extract surplus from the peasants so that state industry could accumulate and grow .
preobrazhensky also wanted to use the market mechanism to [remove/take] surplus from the peasants so that state industry could accumulate and grow .

Sieve it , pressing to extract all the colour from the saffron ( or , for a good strong colour , put the lot in a food processor ) , and set it aside to cool .
sieve it , pressing to [remove/take] all the colour from the saffron ( or , for a good strong colour , put the lot in a food processor ) , and set it aside to cool .

Large dump trucks rumble past on the right bank as they extract gravel from the adjacent pits while airguns seem to be favourite canalside amusement .
large dump trucks rumble past on the right bank as they [remove/take] gravel from the adjacent pits while airguns seem to be favourite canalside amusement .

Like the chimpanzees , the ability of bluetits to learn the complex series of manoeuvres required to release a peanut from a special trick-feeder is no more difficult than many of the activities it learns during the course of its life , seeking out insects and seeds from the most intricate of places , getting itself and its beak into just the right position to extract the desired morsel .
like the chimpanzees , the ability of bluetits to learn the complex series of manoeuvres required to release a peanut from a special trick-feeder is no more difficult than many of the activities it learns during the course of its life , seeking out insects and seeds from the most intricate of places , getting itself and its beak into just the right position to [remove/take] the desired morsel .

The disc also includes an extract from one of Schillings 's earlier operas Moloch| , composed in 1906 .
the disc also includes an [remove/take] from one of schillings 's earlier operas moloch| , composed in 1906 .

Best of them is the young Robert Merrill , who at least manages to extract some expression from Germont 's part .
best of them is the young robert merrill , who at least manages to [remove/take] some expression from germont 's part .

One feature of candidiasis supports the idea of an immune reaction being involved : many patients are affected by yeast-containing foods , such as bread , beer and yeast extract .
one feature of candidiasis supports the idea of an immune reaction being involved : many patients are affected by yeast-containing foods , such as bread , beer and yeast [remove/take] .

Yeast extract ( Marmite , Vegemite etc ) .
yeast [remove/take] ( marmite , vegemite etc ) .

Analyte affinity constants of antibodies are at least an order of magnitude greater than those of enzymes , so much higher sensitivity is possible , but it is difficult to extract a detectable signal from the binding event .
analyte affinity constants of antibodies are at least an order of magnitude greater than those of enzymes , so much higher sensitivity is possible , but it is difficult to [remove/take] a detectable signal from the binding event .

At that time local authorities could be seen as acting in the interests of the majority — the phrase from the last paragraph of the 1978 extract from the Library Association record above ( omitted from the 1989 policy statement ) ‘ either on grounds of … a desire to ‘ protect ’ public morality ' suggests so .
at that time local authorities could be seen as acting in the interests of the majority — the phrase from the last paragraph of the 1978 [remove/take] from the library association record above ( omitted from the 1989 policy statement ) ‘ either on grounds of … a desire to ‘ protect ’ public morality ' suggests so .

This Section includes an extract from the University Regulations , a code of Conduct for Use in Computing and Data Communication Facilities , Health and Safety , Car Parking and Security
this section includes an [remove/take] from the university regulations , a code of conduct for use in computing and data communication facilities , health and safety , car parking and security

Yet he could convey his feelings about the country with real emotion , as in the extract from his description of Cockley Beck .
yet he could convey his feelings about the country with real emotion , as in the [remove/take] from his description of cockley beck .

‘ Its purpose is to help middle and secondary schools plan their overall curriculum to include an adequate coverage of pupils ’ study needs : the ability to formulate and focus a question , find possible sources , judge their appropriateness , extract the relevant information , reorganize it and prepare it for future use , or reorganize it and prepare it for future presentation to others .
‘ its purpose is to help middle and secondary schools plan their overall curriculum to include an adequate coverage of pupils ’ study needs : the ability to formulate and focus a question , find possible sources , judge their appropriateness , [remove/take] the relevant information , reorganize it and prepare it for future use , or reorganize it and prepare it for future presentation to others .

The following extract is taken from this last chapter , and elaborates on some of the problems we mentioned in our first chapter , ( pp 7–8 ) .
the following [remove/take] is taken from this last chapter , and elaborates on some of the problems we mentioned in our first chapter , ( pp 7–8 ) .

The following extract from this fascinating historical study deals with the problems of locating a ‘ golden age ’ when Britain was relatively free of crime and lawlessness .
the following [remove/take] from this fascinating historical study deals with the problems of locating a ‘ golden age ’ when britain was relatively free of crime and lawlessness .

In particular , the boys drift into and out of minor delinquencies while hanging around the streets in groups looking for something to do , as the following extract from his study illustrates .
in particular , the boys drift into and out of minor delinquencies while hanging around the streets in groups looking for something to do , as the following [remove/take] from his study illustrates .

Below we include a brief extract from this study which looks at the problems and consequences of conviction for the business , ‘ respectable ’ criminal in comparison to the regular criminal — bearing in mind , of course , that the business criminal is far less likely to be convicted that most other types of criminal .
below we include a brief [remove/take] from this study which looks at the problems and consequences of conviction for the business , ‘ respectable ’ criminal in comparison to the regular criminal — bearing in mind , of course , that the business criminal is far less likely to be convicted that most other types of criminal .

The following extract is part of an examination of how management have periodic ‘ purges ’ on their workforce in an attempt to control and crack down on fiddling .
the following [remove/take] is part of an examination of how management have periodic ‘ purges ’ on their workforce in an attempt to control and crack down on fiddling .

One of these factors he terms ‘ exploiting expertise ’ , and is the subject of our second extract .
one of these factors he terms ‘ exploiting expertise ’ , and is the subject of our second [remove/take] .

The rest of the extract then examines how changes in the style of policing and law enforcement affect criminal statistics .
the rest of the [remove/take] then examines how changes in the style of policing and law enforcement affect criminal statistics .

Our second extract is taken from the section of the report which deals with the police and ethnic minorities .
our second [remove/take] is taken from the section of the report which deals with the police and ethnic minorities .

In the Scotsman of December 8 , 1877 there is a chillingly inhuman extract from a Special Commission report on the state of the Highlands which deals with conditions in Mull .
in the scotsman of december 8 , 1877 there is a chillingly inhuman [remove/take] from a special commission report on the state of the highlands which deals with conditions in mull .

The need , at least with data on the terrestrial environment , for an inference process to extract useful information from the secondary ( and often proxy ) data ;
the need , at least with data on the terrestrial environment , for an inference process to [remove/take] useful information from the secondary ( and often proxy ) data ;

The roots are crushed in the local sugar factory to extract the sugary juice .
the roots are crushed in the local sugar factory to [remove/take] the sugary juice .

’ in order to extract more information .
’ in order to [remove/take] more information .

A strong language foundation is vital for becoming literate because people read to extract meaning .
a strong language foundation is vital for becoming literate because people read to [remove/take] meaning .

Then , when they start to read , the organization of text material readily makes sense to them , and they extract meaning more easily .
then , when they start to read , the organization of text material readily makes sense to them , and they [remove/take] meaning more easily .

The egg serves to extract the fever from the ill person , and is then broken into a bowl of water and placed under the bed of the person .
the egg serves to [remove/take] the fever from the ill person , and is then broken into a bowl of water and placed under the bed of the person .

The central point of the demon is that by making measurements on a system , the information gained can be used to extract work .
the central point of the demon is that by making measurements on a system , the information gained can be used to [remove/take] work .

I made a new distinction between measurements the demon might make that reveal features of nonequilibrium systems that can be used to extract work , and measurements he might make of the nonequilibrium system that can not be used to extract work .
i made a new distinction between measurements the demon might make that reveal features of nonequilibrium systems that can be used to [remove/take] work , and measurements he might make of the nonequilibrium system that can not be used to [remove/take] work .

In a nonequilibrium setting , the measurements can be stored and used to extract work from the measured system .
in a nonequilibrium setting , the measurements can be stored and used to [remove/take] work from the measured system .

Thus , whatever the demon ’ s eorts , there remain the issues of just what features of a nonequilibrium system the demon must measure such that work can be extracted , how the demon knows to measure those features rather than other useless features , and how , once measured , couplings come into existence in the universe that actually extract work .
thus , whatever the demon ’ s eorts , there remain the issues of just what features of a nonequilibrium system the demon must measure such that work can be extracted , how the demon knows to measure those features rather than other useless features , and how , once measured , couplings come into existence in the universe that actually [remove/take] work .

The universe as a whole from galaxies to planetary systems , and certainly our and any other biospheres is filled with entities that measure displacements from equilibrium that are sources of energy , those entities actually do extract work .
the universe as a whole from galaxies to planetary systems , and certainly our and any other biospheres is filled with entities that measure displacements from equilibrium that are sources of energy , those entities actually do [remove/take] work .

Where did all this come from , this measuring of useful displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted , the devices coupling to such measurements , and the extraction of work used to build up new kinds of devices that measure new kinds of displacements from equilibrium to extract work in new ways ?
where did all this come from , this measuring of useful displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted , the devices coupling to such measurements , and the extraction of work used to build up new kinds of devices that measure new kinds of displacements from equilibrium to [remove/take] work in new ways ?

There is plenty of energy in the random motions of the gas particles , but there is no means to extract mechanical work from it , say , to drive a piston .
there is plenty of energy in the random motions of the gas particles , but there is no means to [remove/take] mechanical work from it , say , to drive a piston .

Now , ” concludes Maxwell with a broad smile , “ we can use the macroscopic temperature dierence between the left and right boxes to extract mechanical work , say , by driving a piston . ”
now , ” concludes maxwell with a broad smile , “ we can use the macroscopic temperature dierence between the left and right boxes to [remove/take] mechanical work , say , by driving a piston . ”

We could still cheat and extract work from our measured gas system using the information about its microstate achieved by all the measurements .
we could still cheat and [remove/take] work from our measured gas system using the information about its microstate achieved by all the measurements .

It pays to measure the nonequilibrium system in the sense that those measurements specify the displacements from equilibrium that constitute energy sources that can be utilized to extract work .
it pays to measure the nonequilibrium system in the sense that those measurements specify the displacements from equilibrium that constitute energy sources that can be utilized to [remove/take] work .

Only certain features of a nonequilibrium system will , upon measurement , reveal a displacement from equilibrium that can actually be used to extract work .
only certain features of a nonequilibrium system will , upon measurement , reveal a displacement from equilibrium that can actually be used to [remove/take] work .

Other features , if measured , are useless with respect to revealing a displacement from equilibrium that can be used to extract work by any given specific system .
other features , if measured , are useless with respect to revealing a displacement from equilibrium that can be used to [remove/take] work by any given specific system .

These useful measurements participate together with the coming into existence of devices that extract work used to build further measurement and work extraction structures , in the gradual buildup of the diversity of structures and processes of a biosphere , a geosphere , a galaxy , or a universe .
these useful measurements participate together with the coming into existence of devices that [remove/take] work used to build further measurement and work extraction structures , in the gradual buildup of the diversity of structures and processes of a biosphere , a geosphere , a galaxy , or a universe .

I believe that we can ultimately create a statistical theory of the probability of the generation of specific novel processes , structures , and energy sources ; propagation of measurements ; detection of useful sources of energy ; and couplings of structures and processes to the energy sources to extract work and progressively build up still further new structures , energy sources , and processes all as a function of the current diversity of structures , transformation processes , and measuring and coupling entities .
i believe that we can ultimately create a statistical theory of the probability of the generation of specific novel processes , structures , and energy sources ; propagation of measurements ; detection of useful sources of energy ; and couplings of structures and processes to the energy sources to [remove/take] work and progressively build up still further new structures , energy sources , and processes all as a function of the current diversity of structures , transformation processes , and measuring and coupling entities .

If we know the particle is to the left of a given arbitrary partition , we can in principle extract work by allowing the particle to pass through a window in the partition and do work on a fan as it passes to the right box .
if we know the particle is to the left of a given arbitrary partition , we can in principle [remove/take] work by allowing the particle to pass through a window in the partition and do work on a fan as it passes to the right box .

Hence , it seems that in principle any such arbitrary measurement can detect a source of energy that can be used to extract work .
hence , it seems that in principle any such arbitrary measurement can detect a source of energy that can be used to [remove/take] work .

The “ in principle ” just above includes the idea that , having made an arbitrary choice of placement of the partition and a measurement of which side of the partition the particle is in and , hence , having detected by that arbitrary measurement the displacement from equilibrium that is a source of energy , we can afterward decide on a construction procedure that will utilize the information about the displacement from equilibrium to extract work from the measured , nonequilibrium system .
the “ in principle ” just above includes the idea that , having made an arbitrary choice of placement of the partition and a measurement of which side of the partition the particle is in and , hence , having detected by that arbitrary measurement the displacement from equilibrium that is a source of energy , we can afterward decide on a construction procedure that will utilize the information about the displacement from equilibrium to [remove/take] work from the measured , nonequilibrium system .

What if we already have constructed the system that is to extract the work , as in the tiny windmill case , and already mounted the windmill at a specific location inside the box ?
what if we already have constructed the system that is to [remove/take] the work , as in the tiny windmill case , and already mounted the windmill at a specific location inside the box ?

This is a simple displacement from equilibrium , and a simple device , the mica flake , will be made to quake , hence , extract mechanical work .
this is a simple displacement from equilibrium , and a simple device , the mica flake , will be made to quake , hence , [remove/take] mechanical work .

Notice now that , compared to detecting the direction of the wind by the mica flake , a rather complex and subtle measurement must be made by any measuring device that is to detect the subtle displacement from equilibrium and that any device that is to use that displacement to extract work must be correspondingly subtle .
notice now that , compared to detecting the direction of the wind by the mica flake , a rather complex and subtle measurement must be made by any measuring device that is to detect the subtle displacement from equilibrium and that any device that is to use that displacement to [remove/take] work must be correspondingly subtle .

In short , there appears to be some positive relationship between the diversity and complexity of structures or processes and the diversity and complexity of the features of a nonequilibrium system , which can be detected and measured by the detecting structure to identify a source of energy , then couple to the source of energy and actually extract work .
in short , there appears to be some positive relationship between the diversity and complexity of structures or processes and the diversity and complexity of the features of a nonequilibrium system , which can be detected and measured by the detecting structure to identify a source of energy , then couple to the source of energy and actually [remove/take] work .

Cells and organisms have achieved astonishingly ramified and subtle detectors that measure sources of energy , plus coupling devices , that extract work and use it to build rough copies of themselves .
cells and organisms have achieved astonishingly ramified and subtle detectors that measure sources of energy , plus coupling devices , that [remove/take] work and use it to build rough copies of themselves .

An evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary conditions that constitute coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes extract work .
an evolving biosphere is all about the coming into existence in the universe of the complex , diversifying ever-changing initial and boundary conditions that constitute coevolving autonomous agents , with their changing organization of capacities to measure and detect energy sources , and couple those detected energy sources to systems that sometimes [remove/take] work .

Let ’ s turn to the concept of a “ record. ” As we saw , Zurek has led us to the point , in thinking about Maxwell ’ s demon , at which a record of measurements might be kept and used later to extract work .
let ’ s turn to the concept of a “ record. ” as we saw , zurek has led us to the point , in thinking about maxwell ’ s demon , at which a record of measurements might be kept and used later to [remove/take] work .

I want to try a tentative technical definition : Records are correlated macroscopic states that identify sources of energy that can be tapped to extract work .
i want to try a tentative technical definition : records are correlated macroscopic states that identify sources of energy that can be tapped to [remove/take] work .

Here the sails and tiller match the windmill and its vane , orienting the fan to capture the transient wind and extract mechanical work .
here the sails and tiller match the windmill and its vane , orienting the fan to capture the transient wind and [remove/take] mechanical work .

I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .
i hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to [remove/take] work , then do [remove/take] work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .

The Brits had large numbers of steam pumps that were able to clear water from coal and iron mines , allowing miners to work under bad but relatively dry conditions and extract coal and iron more eVectively than could their French counterparts .
the brits had large numbers of steam pumps that were able to clear water from coal and iron mines , allowing miners to work under bad but relatively dry conditions and [remove/take] coal and iron more evectively than could their french counterparts .

The result of his eVort was an analysis of an idealized device to extract mechanical work from heat , the Carnot cycle .
the result of his evort was an analysis of an idealized device to [remove/take] mechanical work from heat , the carnot cycle .

Competition among street vendors is stiff , but it is worth remembering that most of these merchants are relatively poor , and spending half an hour to extract a few rupees discount is perhaps not the best use of your time .
competition among street vendors is stiff , but it is worth remembering that most of these merchants are relatively poor , and spending half an hour to [remove/take] a few rupees discount is perhaps not the best use of your time .

Quite a long trek to the northwest is the small Museo Arqueológico , noted for its exceptional collection of Roman mining tools used to extract the considerable mineral wealth of La Unión , a neighbouring inland town .
quite a long trek to the northwest is the small museo arqueológico , noted for its exceptional collection of roman mining tools used to [remove/take] the considerable mineral wealth of la unión , a neighbouring inland town .

The land was transformed by hundreds of small wells sunk to extract the precious liquid .
the land was transformed by hundreds of small wells sunk to [remove/take] the precious liquid .

With today 's technology , personnel can extract data from hard copy source records , input the information into the automated system through computer terminals , and forward the data through communications networks to a centralized location for further online processing , examination , and payment authorization .
with today 's technology , personnel can [remove/take] data from hard copy source records , input the information into the automated system through computer terminals , and forward the data through communications networks to a centralized location for further online processing , examination , and payment authorization .

The term includes , but is not limited to , a simple cycle combustion turbine , a combined cycle combustion turbine and any duct burner or heat recovery device used to extract heat from the combustion turbine exhaust , and a regenerative combustion turbine .
the term includes , but is not limited to , a simple cycle combustion turbine , a combined cycle combustion turbine and any duct burner or heat recovery device used to [remove/take] heat from the combustion turbine exhaust , and a regenerative combustion turbine .

These earlier studies reported skin testing with an amorphous extract called “ house dust , ” but it was not until the identification of dust mites that the association was clarified [ 7 ] .
these earlier studies reported skin testing with an amorphous [remove/take] called “ house dust , ” but it was not until the identification of dust mites that the association was clarified [ 7 ] .

Discussion We show that it is feasible to extract various quantitative tissue parameters to predict the likelihood of nodal metastases in vivo .
discussion we show that it is feasible to [remove/take] various quantitative tissue parameters to predict the likelihood of nodal metastases in vivo .

Could we automatically analyse new scientific publications routinely to extract facts , which could then be inserted into scientific databases ?
could we automatically analyse new scientific publications routinely to [remove/take] facts , which could then be inserted into scientific databases ?

For example , the same text may serve curators from different communities who extract different types of facts , depending on their domain knowledge .
for example , the same text may serve curators from different communities who [remove/take] different types of facts , depending on their domain knowledge .

Although text mining can not dissect English sentences completely , and can not extract the meaning and put the facts into a database , text mining tools are becoming increasingly used and valued .
although text mining can not dissect english sentences completely , and can not [remove/take] the meaning and put the facts into a database , text mining tools are becoming increasingly used and valued .

It is only a matter of time and effort before we are able to extract facts automatically .
it is only a matter of time and effort before we are able to [remove/take] facts automatically .

This list includes stringent laboratory controls ; cloning of products amplified by polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) ; replication of results from a second , independent extract ; and , for really new or unexpected results , replication of results by an independent research group .
this list includes stringent laboratory controls ; cloning of products amplified by polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) ; replication of results from a second , independent [remove/take] ; and , for really new or unexpected results , replication of results by an independent research group .

Efforts to extract DNA from other bones collected at the same site as this tiny hominid have not produced results .
efforts to [remove/take] dna from other bones collected at the same site as this tiny hominid have not produced results .

They ( and indeed real visual scenes ) have a particular statistical structure that the cortex is supposed to extract .
they ( and indeed real visual scenes ) have a particular statistical structure that the cortex is supposed to [remove/take] .

Capturing it might therefore ( a ) constitute a terrible waste of cortical representational power , or , worse , ( b ) interfere with , or warp , the parameterization of the aspects of the input that are important , making it harder to extract critical distinctions .
capturing it might therefore ( a ) constitute a terrible waste of cortical representational power , or , worse , ( b ) interfere with , or warp , the parameterization of the aspects of the input that are important , making it harder to [remove/take] critical distinctions .

They applied these simple tools to extract useful information from , and to combine for the first time , enormous databases on molecular pharmacology and gene expression ( http : //discover.nci.nih.gov/arraytools/ ) .
they applied these simple tools to [remove/take] useful information from , and to combine for the first time , enormous databases on molecular pharmacology and gene expression ( http : //discover.nci.nih.gov/arraytools/ ) .

Using such an opponent mechanism , the visual system can “ tell ” whether there is a stronger signal from the short wavelength receptor or the long wavelength receptor—hence it can extract information about stimulus spectral quality .
using such an opponent mechanism , the visual system can “ tell ” whether there is a stronger signal from the short wavelength receptor or the long wavelength receptor—hence it can [remove/take] information about stimulus spectral quality .

How can the brain extract biologically useful information from such multidimensional sensory input ?
how can the brain [remove/take] biologically useful information from such multidimensional sensory input ?

While the antennal lobe clearly structures the sensory input so as to extract derived chemical properties , the information about the input from individual receptor types might not be discounted in the periphery of the nervous system , as in visual perception , but relayed on to higher processing centers , such as the mushroom bodies and the protocerebrum [ 36,37 ] .
while the antennal lobe clearly structures the sensory input so as to [remove/take] derived chemical properties , the information about the input from individual receptor types might not be discounted in the periphery of the nervous system , as in visual perception , but relayed on to higher processing centers , such as the mushroom bodies and the protocerebrum [ 36,37 ] .

Consider a scene in an Orlando hotel room , in which Ulee meets with Eddie ( Steven Flynn ) and Ferris ( Dewey Weber ) , the two thugs who wish to extract from him a hidden stash of loot .
consider a scene in an orlando hotel room , in which ulee meets with eddie ( steven flynn ) and ferris ( dewey weber ) , the two thugs who wish to [remove/take] from him a hidden stash of loot .

The AMA executive who fired the editor accused him of `` interjecting [ the journal ] into a major political debate '' by `` publishing that article in the middle of the congressional proceedings '' in order `` to extract political leverage . ''
the ama executive who fired the editor accused him of `` interjecting [ the journal ] into a major political debate '' by `` publishing that article in the middle of the congressional proceedings '' in order `` to [remove/take] political leverage . ''

That the states have struck their own settlement deal with the industry , Clinton is considering whether to extract some of that money by withholding Medicaid reimbursements to the states .
that the states have struck their own settlement deal with the industry , clinton is considering whether to [remove/take] some of that money by withholding medicaid reimbursements to the states .

If the GOP does n't provoke him , he 'll be able to extract concessions in the appropriations bills .
if the gop does n't provoke him , he 'll be able to [remove/take] concessions in the appropriations bills .

The Israeli defense forces are based on the Swiss model , the hedgehog , designed to extract a high price from any invader -- artillery presighted on every important bridge , shelter space for every citizen and cow , cool Saab fighter planes whose pilots train to take off from highways .
the israeli defense forces are based on the swiss model , the hedgehog , designed to [remove/take] a high price from any invader -- artillery presighted on every important bridge , shelter space for every citizen and cow , cool saab fighter planes whose pilots train to take off from highways .

Near such fantasies , of course , the casinos ' main line of business always beckons , ready to extract huge sums from the unwary . ''
near such fantasies , of course , the casinos ' main line of business always beckons , ready to [remove/take] huge sums from the unwary . ''

Ha'aretz said Barak wants `` to connect with Clinton in a way that will allow him to extract a promise that the U.S. will not intervene in Israeli-Palestinian permanent status negotiations , nor make policy statements without first coordinating positions with Israel . ''
ha'aretz said barak wants `` to connect with clinton in a way that will allow him to [remove/take] a promise that the u.s. will not intervene in israeli-palestinian permanent status negotiations , nor make policy statements without first coordinating positions with israel . ''

My findings : I bought kava in liquid extract form , to be taken with an eyedropper .
my findings : i bought kava in liquid [remove/take] form , to be taken with an eyedropper .

Mario Ruiz Massieu is accused of using his office to extract bribes from drug traffickers .
mario ruiz massieu is accused of using his office to [remove/take] bribes from drug traffickers .

The herbal extract shows success in treating mild dementia and preventing Alzheimer 's memory loss .
the herbal [remove/take] shows success in treating mild dementia and preventing alzheimer 's memory loss .

At that point , we will control the industry and be able to extract the rich monopoly profits waiting to be had from poetry , book reviews , essays pleading for entitlement reform , explanations of developments in foreign countries , and similar product lines .
at that point , we will control the industry and be able to [remove/take] the rich monopoly profits waiting to be had from poetry , book reviews , essays pleading for entitlement reform , explanations of developments in foreign countries , and similar product lines .

Knowledge of this confession was relayed from the dirty to the clean team , which then used the tip to help it extract its own , legal confession .
knowledge of this confession was relayed from the dirty to the clean team , which then used the tip to help it [remove/take] its own , legal confession .

Someone ought to extract and put them in a concise form , to save people the trouble of reading the books .
someone ought to [remove/take] and put them in a concise form , to save people the trouble of reading the books .

Who better to help a candidate extract weighty lessons from his personal history , to teach him to tell voters that their own successes depend on his own ?
who better to help a candidate [remove/take] weighty lessons from his personal history , to teach him to tell voters that their own successes depend on his own ?

The cover story deplores the overdiagnosis of learning disabilities : LD advocates say that as many as 50 million Americans are learning-disabled ; critics say that students claim impairment to extract special treatment from schools ( extra tutoring , extra time on tests , etc . ) .
the cover story deplores the overdiagnosis of learning disabilities : ld advocates say that as many as 50 million americans are learning-disabled ; critics say that students claim impairment to [remove/take] special treatment from schools ( extra tutoring , extra time on tests , etc . ) .

Typically , extortion means that you 're threatening someone with harm or embarrassment to extract a concession .
typically , extortion means that you 're threatening someone with harm or embarrassment to [remove/take] a concession .

The development of horizontal drilling , where drill bits actually go sideways from a vertical hole in order to extract more oil , has also helped make the exploitation of smaller and less accessible fields cost-effective .
the development of horizontal drilling , where drill bits actually go sideways from a vertical hole in order to [remove/take] more oil , has also helped make the exploitation of smaller and less accessible fields cost-effective .

Her silence means either that she knows nothing or that she knows enough to extract a high price for her silence .
her silence means either that she knows nothing or that she knows enough to [remove/take] a high price for her silence .

I 'm meant to analyze each question and extract a general ethical principle , a rule -- i.e. , to apply the skills of the lawyer .
i 'm meant to analyze each question and [remove/take] a general ethical principle , a rule -- i.e. , to apply the skills of the lawyer .

You e-mail your tale of woe -- inferior products , ignorant customer service -- to shoppingavenger @ slate.com , and the Shopping Avenger will use his reporting skills , which have been described by some as `` almost supernatural in scope '' ( and have been described by others as `` adequate '' and `` sort of pathetic '' ) to extract on your behalf grudging apologies from faceless bureaucrats at Fortune 500 companies .
you e-mail your tale of woe -- inferior products , ignorant customer service -- to shoppingavenger @ slate.com , and the shopping avenger will use his reporting skills , which have been described by some as `` almost supernatural in scope '' ( and have been described by others as `` adequate '' and `` sort of pathetic '' ) to [remove/take] on your behalf grudging apologies from faceless bureaucrats at fortune 500 companies .

That would be economically efficient in two senses : 1 ) the utility of Dunaway 's eye mask would be maximized by placing it with the person who can extract the greatest pleasure from it ( just as , uncertainty aside , the highest bidder for an oil field will be the person who can extract the most oil from it ) ; and 2 ) that person would pay no more for the eye mask than the pleasure of owning it was worth to him .
that would be economically efficient in two senses : 1 ) the utility of dunaway 's eye mask would be maximized by placing it with the person who can [remove/take] the greatest pleasure from it ( just as , uncertainty aside , the highest bidder for an oil field will be the person who can [remove/take] the most oil from it ) ; and 2 ) that person would pay no more for the eye mask than the pleasure of owning it was worth to him .

A scholarly edition , promised for the future , will enable better-informed opinions by placing this extract in the context of Ellison 's longer manuscript .
a scholarly edition , promised for the future , will enable better-informed opinions by placing this [remove/take] in the context of ellison 's longer manuscript .

Sulloway is hardly the first to extract personality distinctions from birth order .
sulloway is hardly the first to [remove/take] personality distinctions from birth order .

This catapulted us into Manhattan-real-estate hell , a place where rapacious brokers extract usurious commissions on glorified broom closets renting for $ 2,300 a month .
this catapulted us into manhattan-real-estate hell , a place where rapacious brokers [remove/take] usurious commissions on glorified broom closets renting for $ 2,300 a month .

Crossfire hosts not only are freer to ask more pointed questions , but they 're also free to point out that a guest has n't answered them , to follow up two or three or four times , and ultimately either to extract an answer or to make vividly clear that the guest is ducking .
crossfire hosts not only are freer to ask more pointed questions , but they 're also free to point out that a guest has n't answered them , to follow up two or three or four times , and ultimately either to [remove/take] an answer or to make vividly clear that the guest is ducking .

Three decades later , the Republicans extract ( esoteric ) revenge with The Threat for the spot that has rankled them for years .
three decades later , the republicans [remove/take] ( esoteric ) revenge with the threat for the spot that has rankled them for years .

Lewinsky 's dress will go to an FBI crime lab , which will extract any found `` DNA material '' ( the papers ' preferred phrase ) for comparison with a DNA sample from Clinton 's blood or saliva .
lewinsky 's dress will go to an fbi crime lab , which will [remove/take] any found `` dna material '' ( the papers ' preferred phrase ) for comparison with a dna sample from clinton 's blood or saliva .

The following extract is of interest :
the following [remove/take] is of interest :

Coca-Cola , which is a trademark of long standing , originally contained both cocaine and an extract from the cola nut .
coca-cola , which is a trademark of long standing , originally contained both cocaine and an [remove/take] from the cola nut .

In other words , if information type A is consistently set in italics , type B in bold-face italics , type C in small capitals , and type D in boldface roman , if type E always appears in single quotation marks , and so forth , one can use this information to extract discrete categories of data for a variety of purposes .
in other words , if information type a is consistently set in italics , type b in bold-face italics , type c in small capitals , and type d in boldface roman , if type e always appears in single quotation marks , and so forth , one can use this information to [remove/take] discrete categories of data for a variety of purposes .

Few individuals , I hazard , would be likely , upon seeing the Hindi terms bilayati , bajara , bajra , kaawch , pani , and rasaut , to cite only a few , to discern therein the English blighty Anglo-Indian slang for ` England as home , ' brinjarry ` traveling grain and salt dealer , ' budgerow ` large , keelless barge , ' cowage ` tropical vine , ' pawnee ` water ' and rusot ` plant extract . '
few individuals , i hazard , would be likely , upon seeing the hindi terms bilayati , bajara , bajra , kaawch , pani , and rasaut , to cite only a few , to discern therein the english blighty anglo-indian slang for ` england as home , ' brinjarry ` traveling grain and salt dealer , ' budgerow ` large , keelless barge , ' cowage ` tropical vine , ' pawnee ` water ' and rusot ` plant [remove/take] . '

