Much has been done in the way of ingenious slitters to fabricate the slab stock into finished products .
much has been done in the way of ingenious slitters to [make up/invent] the slab stock into finished products .

This part suggests some ways of designing your own printed circuit board artwork , which will appeal especially to those who have invested in the necessary equipment to fabricate boards with the ultra-violet method .
this part suggests some ways of designing your own printed circuit board artwork , which will appeal especially to those who have invested in the necessary equipment to [make up/invent] boards with the ultra-violet method .

It was in London that you could live anonymously , could create your own ambience , could deliberately fabricate the persona which you chose to present to the world .
it was in london that you could live anonymously , could create your own ambience , could deliberately [make up/invent] the persona which you chose to present to the world .

This architect specified radiused gutter proved extremely difficult for the builder to obtain , until the problem was solved by Apex after being able to fabricate the specification requirement
this architect specified radiused gutter proved extremely difficult for the builder to obtain , until the problem was solved by apex after being able to [make up/invent] the specification requirement

Prosecution witnesses were allegedly tortured or subjected to other pressure to fabricate evidence against them .
prosecution witnesses were allegedly tortured or subjected to other pressure to [make up/invent] evidence against them .

It is the skills of tailoring they will need throughout their careers ( until promoted out of the classroom ) to fabricate and negotiate again and again , with each new class , an effective and hardwearing working habit .
it is the skills of tailoring they will need throughout their careers ( until promoted out of the classroom ) to [make up/invent] and negotiate again and again , with each new class , an effective and hardwearing working habit .

Mistrust even more two leaves that have been joined together to fabricate a bifolium .
mistrust even more two leaves that have been joined together to [make up/invent] a bifolium .

After a period of experimenting with designs and acoustics , Nigel has now developed his techniques to a high level such that he can now calculate , and fabricate steam whistles to virtually any specific combination of notes he requires .
after a period of experimenting with designs and acoustics , nigel has now developed his techniques to a high level such that he can now calculate , and [make up/invent] steam whistles to virtually any specific combination of notes he requires .

The demands of Cold War politics prompted Aragon to go one step further and fabricate a fictional representation of Nizan 's treachery which had in the first instance itself been fabricated from Nizan `` sown fictional productions .
the demands of cold war politics prompted aragon to go one step further and [make up/invent] a fictional representation of nizan 's treachery which had in the first instance itself been fabricated from nizan `` sown fictional productions .

Marxists of this school argue that this forced the American government to fabricate a Cold War with the Soviet Union at the behest of the large corporations .
marxists of this school argue that this forced the american government to [make up/invent] a cold war with the soviet union at the behest of the large corporations .

Busy backyard workshops fabricate wood , metal , glass fibre and stone , while tailor and cobbler make clothes and shoes to order .
busy backyard workshops [make up/invent] wood , metal , glass fibre and stone , while tailor and cobbler make clothes and shoes to order .

He even goes so far as to fabricate his signature in a way similar to Pound 's , so that it forms a kind of hieroglyph .
he even goes so far as to [make up/invent] his signature in a way similar to pound 's , so that it forms a kind of hieroglyph .

‘ You fabricate a ball of plutonium with a cylindrical section missing from its centre .
‘ you [make up/invent] a ball of plutonium with a cylindrical section missing from its centre .

The regulations placed the Foreign Ministry in charge of foreign news affairs and stated that journalists `` shall not distort facts , fabricate rumours or resort to inappropriate means `` in their reporting .
the regulations placed the foreign ministry in charge of foreign news affairs and stated that journalists `` shall not distort facts , [make up/invent] rumours or resort to inappropriate means `` in their reporting .

Now she could fabricate for herself rich and happy memories .
now she could [make up/invent] for herself rich and happy memories .

It was also necessary to fabricate and fit a new rotating cowl to replace the louvred terminal which was missing from the apex of the south-east roundel .
it was also necessary to [make up/invent] and fit a new rotating cowl to replace the louvred terminal which was missing from the apex of the south-east roundel .

This method of grinding grain had to await the human skill to fabricate tools from two materials because three wooden parts were essential to the rotary mill : the rynd which bridged the eye of the runner stone and enabled it to be hung on top of the wooden spindle , and the handle , used for turning the running stone .
this method of grinding grain had to await the human skill to [make up/invent] tools from two materials because three wooden parts were essential to the rotary mill : the rynd which bridged the eye of the runner stone and enabled it to be hung on top of the wooden spindle , and the handle , used for turning the running stone .

Mr Justice Jowitt told the jury that previously it had been shown in cases of alleged sexual misconduct that women may be tempted to exaggerate or fabricate .
mr justice jowitt told the jury that previously it had been shown in cases of alleged sexual misconduct that women may be tempted to exaggerate or [make up/invent] .

You will have to fabricate an exhaust system or use the purpose built one available from Jake Wright ( 0943 863530 ) and make up suitable water hoses and throttle linkage The oil filter will have to be replaced with an adaptor and remote filter fitted to stop the axle touching the filter
you will have to [make up/invent] an exhaust system or use the purpose built one available from jake wright ( 0943 863530 ) and make up suitable water hoses and throttle linkage the oil filter will have to be replaced with an adaptor and remote filter fitted to stop the axle touching the filter

One response to this affront is to erect an alternative system of belief ; to fabricate another , esoteric world of ideas that seems to challenge and in turn to trivialise the ideas that are proving so bothersome .
one response to this affront is to erect an alternative system of belief ; to [make up/invent] another , esoteric world of ideas that seems to challenge and in turn to trivialise the ideas that are proving so bothersome .

It should prove an efficient means of probing microcrystalline grain structure , properties of alloys and the surface texture of materials used to fabricate electronic components .
it should prove an efficient means of probing microcrystalline grain structure , properties of alloys and the surface texture of materials used to [make up/invent] electronic components .

‘ Munchausen 's syndrome ’ is the name given to attention-seeking patients who feign illness or deliberately fabricate symptoms .
‘ munchausen 's syndrome ’ is the name given to attention-seeking patients who feign illness or deliberately [make up/invent] symptoms .

Doctors are far more aware of this possibility in children than they once were , and any parent attempting to fabricate symptoms is likely to be found out very quickly .
doctors are far more aware of this possibility in children than they once were , and any parent attempting to [make up/invent] symptoms is likely to be found out very quickly .

For one thing , the children involved all had genuine symptoms , and there was no suggestion that the parents had attempted to fabricate any symptoms .
for one thing , the children involved all had genuine symptoms , and there was no suggestion that the parents had attempted to [make up/invent] any symptoms .

It specifies in the sale that , regardless of the apparel firm used to fabricate uniforms , Burlington ’ s cloth must be used.42 Another major textile company , Milliken , has a degree of common ownership with a retail business , Mercantile , although these arrangements remain unusual .
it specifies in the sale that , regardless of the apparel firm used to [make up/invent] uniforms , burlington ’ s cloth must be used.42 another major textile company , milliken , has a degree of common ownership with a retail business , mercantile , although these arrangements remain unusual .

A commercial company considers engineering drawings4 to be a good measure of the demonstrated stability of the product 's design because they represent the language used by engineers to communicate to the manufacturers the details of a new product design-what it looks like , how its components interface , how it functions , how to build it , and what critical materials and processes are required to fabricate and test it .
a commercial company considers engineering drawings4 to be a good measure of the demonstrated stability of the product 's design because they represent the language used by engineers to communicate to the manufacturers the details of a new product design-what it looks like , how its components interface , how it functions , how to build it , and what critical materials and processes are required to [make up/invent] and test it .

In addition , because of existence of corrosive zones , preference is often given to the use of large-sized sheets that minimize welding.2 Large-sized sheets are used to fabricate the absorber vessel , the ductwork , and supports .
in addition , because of existence of corrosive zones , preference is often given to the use of large-sized sheets that minimize welding.2 large-sized sheets are used to [make up/invent] the absorber vessel , the ductwork , and supports .

These steel pieces are used to fabricate the catalyst reactor , the ductwork , and the support steel .
these steel pieces are used to [make up/invent] the catalyst reactor , the ductwork , and the support steel .

Over the last decade , a variety of methods have been developed , which use biomacromolecules as templates to fabricate nanostructures ( Braun el al .
over the last decade , a variety of methods have been developed , which use biomacromolecules as templates to [make up/invent] nanostructures ( braun el al .

Rather , they are perfect case studies in how politicians fabricate , then profit from , an inflammatory issue .
rather , they are perfect case studies in how politicians [make up/invent] , then profit from , an inflammatory issue .

It is nevertheless a useful illustration of a few techniques that need to be mastered by anyone wishing to fabricate a news story :
it is nevertheless a useful illustration of a few techniques that need to be mastered by anyone wishing to [make up/invent] a news story :

Using these eight simple techniques , you can fabricate a news story in the comfort of your own home .
using these eight simple techniques , you can [make up/invent] a news story in the comfort of your own home .

Feel free to substitute your favorite dessert or to embroider and fabricate generally .
feel free to substitute your favorite dessert or to embroider and [make up/invent] generally .

The root problem , says the paper , is the absence of U.S. intelligence personnel on the ground in Sudan and the government 's resultant reliance on foreign agents , at least one of whom turned out to fabricate his information , which had been the basis for more than 100 CIA reports .
the root problem , says the paper , is the absence of u.s. intelligence personnel on the ground in sudan and the government 's resultant reliance on foreign agents , at least one of whom turned out to [make up/invent] his information , which had been the basis for more than 100 cia reports .

In particular , he was suspicious of language reformers who wished to revive or fabricate Anglo-Saxon synonyms for Latinate words .
in particular , he was suspicious of language reformers who wished to revive or [make up/invent] anglo-saxon synonyms for latinate words .

