The pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her , unconsciously , to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it .
the pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her , unconsciously , to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to [help] it .

satellite relay stations to facilitate and extend communications over the globe ; ;
satellite relay stations to [help] and extend communications over the globe ; ;

A new spinning take-up machine has been developed to facilitate the use of our take-up machine in the production of thermoplastic yarns .
a new spinning take-up machine has been developed to [help] the use of our take-up machine in the production of thermoplastic yarns .

Even though the bondage of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage , it is still great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to facilitate rapid composition .
even though the bondage of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage , it is still great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to [help] rapid composition .

A number of adjustment features are included in the Hesiometer to facilitate measurement and permit ready removal of coatings deposited on such substrates as iron and other metals , glass , wood , and plastic surfaces .
a number of adjustment features are included in the hesiometer to [help] measurement and permit ready removal of coatings deposited on such substrates as iron and other metals , glass , wood , and plastic surfaces .

The government and the radical Hezb-i-Islami agreed to hold their fire from late on Saturday to facilitate negotiation of a permanent truce , retired Pakistani Lt-Gen Hamid Gul said .
the government and the radical hezb-i-islami agreed to hold their fire from late on saturday to [help] negotiation of a permanent truce , retired pakistani lt-gen hamid gul said .

We are going to try to facilitate the negotiations .
we are going to try to [help] the negotiations .

3 , Speed up and facilitate the flow of traffic .
3 , speed up and [help] the flow of traffic .

Retroviral particles displaying antibodies against cell surface antigens should bind preferentially to target cells expressing those antigens , and this may facilitate their infection .
retroviral particles displaying antibodies against cell surface antigens should bind preferentially to target cells expressing those antigens , and this may [help] their infection .

Baculovirus multiple gene transfer vectors pAcAB3 and pAcAB4 have been developed to facilitate the insertion of three or four foreign genes respectively into the Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus ( AcNPV ) genome by a single co-transfection experiment .
baculovirus multiple gene transfer vectors pacab3 and pacab4 have been developed to [help] the insertion of three or four foreign genes respectively into the autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus ( acnpv ) genome by a single co-transfection experiment .

County highways chairman Dave Walsh replied : ‘ What Trafalgar House might call grandiose is a scheme to improve the safety record of that area and at the same time allow the comprehensive development of the area to facilitate any industrial or retail use . ’
county highways chairman dave walsh replied : ‘ what trafalgar house might call grandiose is a scheme to improve the safety record of that area and at the same time allow the comprehensive development of the area to [help] any industrial or retail use . ’

More ugly , modern hotels will be built to facilitate prospective clients and the smaller places lose most of their trade . *15%
more ugly , modern hotels will be built to [help] prospective clients and the smaller places lose most of their trade . *15%

Over the years , portable devices of greater and greater sophistication have been devised to facilitate easy and accurate recording of information at the point of collection .
over the years , portable devices of greater and greater sophistication have been devised to [help] easy and accurate recording of information at the point of collection .

Basically , this is achieved by the provision of software to facilitate the updating of and access to such data .
basically , this is achieved by the provision of software to [help] the updating of and access to such data .

To facilitate the World Cup , the domestic season begins earlier than usual , with a league programme next Saturday , and will be completed by March 31 .
to [help] the world cup , the domestic season begins earlier than usual , with a league programme next saturday , and will be completed by march 31 .

Now , that is a bloody nuisance to everybody erm who is trying to go along the street , which is of such a narrowness or difficulty , that it has been marked with double yellow lines in order to , to facilitate the flow of traffic .
now , that is a bloody nuisance to everybody erm who is trying to go along the street , which is of such a narrowness or difficulty , that it has been marked with double yellow lines in order to , to [help] the flow of traffic .

It is , perhaps , interesting at this point to recall a recently expressed official view that : ‘ Air transport must fulfil the demand for economic and social integration , facilitate regional economic development , serve tourism and establish air links to less developed peripheral regions with low traffic demand . ’
it is , perhaps , interesting at this point to recall a recently expressed official view that : ‘ air transport must fulfil the demand for economic and social integration , [help] regional economic development , serve tourism and establish air links to less developed peripheral regions with low traffic demand . ’

Among the report 's recommendations are that the DoH , DoE , and charities set up a special unit to facilitate local provision for homeless youngsters .
among the report 's recommendations are that the doh , doe , and charities set up a special unit to [help] local provision for homeless youngsters .

It will also facilitate access to services in the housing department , hospitals and elsewhere ’ .
it will also [help] access to services in the housing department , hospitals and elsewhere ’ .

Now solder the flying leads to the board in the positions shown leaving these at least 300mm long to facilitate easy interconnection .
now solder the flying leads to the board in the positions shown leaving these at least 300mm long to [help] easy interconnection .

Massive structural changes were necessary to facilitate a move onto the land ; legs were needed — or at least became handy — to relieve the pressure of the amphibious bodies hitherto capable only of slithering along the ground .
massive structural changes were necessary to [help] a move onto the land ; legs were needed — or at least became handy — to relieve the pressure of the amphibious bodies hitherto capable only of slithering along the ground .

Sometimes fish need to be separated at very little notice and unfortunately not every hobbyist has the space or funds to facilitate a spare tank .
sometimes fish need to be separated at very little notice and unfortunately not every hobbyist has the space or funds to [help] a spare tank .

This will facilitate whatever remedy treatment is to be given .
this will [help] whatever remedy treatment is to be given .

But none the less , it is better to start off with some conceptual purity or relatively homogeneous phenomenon in order first to describe better the extent of that particular type of crime , second to facilitate its sociological understanding , and finally to evaluate the likely effectiveness of possible control/regulation proposals .
but none the less , it is better to start off with some conceptual purity or relatively homogeneous phenomenon in order first to describe better the extent of that particular type of crime , second to [help] its sociological understanding , and finally to evaluate the likely effectiveness of possible control/regulation proposals .

They had the moral flexibility to meet shifting organizational demands and still enjoy the sleep of the just — their ability to relativize other moral imperatives whilst constantly prioritizing the pursuit of organizational goals did not make them necessarily immoral , but it did facilitate a moral flexibility others denied themselves .
they had the moral flexibility to meet shifting organizational demands and still enjoy the sleep of the just — their ability to relativize other moral imperatives whilst constantly prioritizing the pursuit of organizational goals did not make them necessarily immoral , but it did [help] a moral flexibility others denied themselves .

Criminal laws against corporate behaviour again facilitate crime because they focus purely on the regulation broken and not on the consequences of that broken regulation .
criminal laws against corporate behaviour again [help] crime because they focus purely on the regulation broken and not on the consequences of that broken regulation .

The information needs to be stored in such a form that will facilitate fast testing of whether it matches what is being searched for .
the information needs to be stored in such a form that will [help] fast testing of whether it matches what is being searched for .

The Sex Disqualification ( Removal ) Act 1919 , designed to facilitate the admission of women to the House of Commons but worded in such a way as to be apt to give them access also to the House of Lords was seized upon by Viscountess Rhondda as having this effect but the Committee of Privileges refused to endorse her claim and the House rejected it .
the sex disqualification ( removal ) act 1919 , designed to [help] the admission of women to the house of commons but worded in such a way as to be apt to give them access also to the house of lords was seized upon by viscountess rhondda as having this effect but the committee of privileges refused to endorse her claim and the house rejected it .

No reason has to be given either to her present doctor or to the one to whom she wishes to change , but undoubtedly it can facilitate the change-over and make the new doctor more likely to be willing to accept her if she has some sensible but low-key reason ready should there be any query .
no reason has to be given either to her present doctor or to the one to whom she wishes to change , but undoubtedly it can [help] the change-over and make the new doctor more likely to be willing to accept her if she has some sensible but low-key reason ready should there be any query .

So it is that for Douglas MacBain it is a clearly defined aim to consider setting targets for numbers of churches to be planted in the coming decade and to work to facilitate this .
so it is that for douglas macbain it is a clearly defined aim to consider setting targets for numbers of churches to be planted in the coming decade and to work to [help] this .

Steve Clifford , one of the Cobham leaders with whom some of these teams consult regularly , identifies various desirable features which facilitate growth , believing that in Tooting many of these came together whereas in the earlier attempts , one or more of these elements was missing .
steve clifford , one of the cobham leaders with whom some of these teams consult regularly , identifies various desirable features which [help] growth , believing that in tooting many of these came together whereas in the earlier attempts , one or more of these elements was missing .

Later the addition of a third dimension in the form of cables and pipes sterilised the overlying surface as did the laying of rails to facilitate rapid movement by tram .
later the addition of a third dimension in the form of cables and pipes sterilised the overlying surface as did the laying of rails to [help] rapid movement by tram .

The segregation of people and vehicles , what is more , has led to new and unforeseen problems , such as the fear that cars are more easily stolen or vandalised when they are out of sight or that segregated pedestrian areas make identification of strangers more difficult and facilitate unobserved escape from the scene of criminal activity .
the segregation of people and vehicles , what is more , has led to new and unforeseen problems , such as the fear that cars are more easily stolen or vandalised when they are out of sight or that segregated pedestrian areas make identification of strangers more difficult and [help] unobserved escape from the scene of criminal activity .

The main impediments to the free flow of people are those placed there to facilitate the free flow of motorised traffic , particularly road crossing barriers , signs embedded in the pavement and steps and ramps to carry the walker over or under the roadway .
the main impediments to the free flow of people are those placed there to [help] the free flow of motorised traffic , particularly road crossing barriers , signs embedded in the pavement and steps and ramps to carry the walker over or under the roadway .

This strategy would facilitate crucial improvements to preventative services such as family care centres and counselling facilities .
this strategy would [help] crucial improvements to preventative services such as family care centres and counselling facilities .

facilitate large-scale curriculum change by being both formative and summative in its impact .
[help] large-scale curriculum change by being both formative and summative in its impact .

It is important therefore that any reorganization should better facilitate this task .
it is important therefore that any reorganization should better [help] this task .

In others of similar nervous system and temperamental make-up it can , through the relaxing of controls over rational thought , facilitate the entry into the autism of which Bleuler wrote and from which much healthy creativity springs .
in others of similar nervous system and temperamental make-up it can , through the relaxing of controls over rational thought , [help] the entry into the autism of which bleuler wrote and from which much healthy creativity springs .

How far such practitioners attempt to facilitate a process in which these less consciously available feelings are related to present attitudes and behaviour must depend , firstly , on their confidence about the validity of such linkages , secondly on their conviction that this is useful , and thirdly on their having the necessary skills .
how far such practitioners attempt to [help] a process in which these less consciously available feelings are related to present attitudes and behaviour must depend , firstly , on their confidence about the validity of such linkages , secondly on their conviction that this is useful , and thirdly on their having the necessary skills .

To avoid this and also to facilitate starting , engines are set to run about fifteen per cent rich on the ground .
to avoid this and also to [help] starting , engines are set to run about fifteen per cent rich on the ground .

This was an old crane tower built on the shore by John Light Banger , an Englishman , in 1798 to facilitate the unloading of ships .
this was an old crane tower built on the shore by john light banger , an englishman , in 1798 to [help] the unloading of ships .

Volunteers bring skills that complement those of the tutor , lead to a better student/tutor ratio , and facilitate the teaching of individuals with idiosyncratic needs .
volunteers bring skills that complement those of the tutor , lead to a better student/tutor ratio , and [help] the teaching of individuals with idiosyncratic needs .

It should help us to communicate and spread experience , feelings , understandings and ideas and thus facilitate action .
it should help us to communicate and spread experience , feelings , understandings and ideas and thus [help] action .

Their research resources clearly play a vital role , and the firm takes a great interest in the latest technical developments which can facilitate this department 's work .
their research resources clearly play a vital role , and the firm takes a great interest in the latest technical developments which can [help] this department 's work .

Finally , how does the priority system , designed to deal with internal weaknesses , facilitate the absorption of foreign technology ?
finally , how does the priority system , designed to deal with internal weaknesses , [help] the absorption of foreign technology ?

In fact , Peirce 's explanation is metaphysical , resting on his panpsychist objective idealism : he rejects the use of natural selection in the explanation because the fact that a faculty was necessary for the commonsense inquiries which facilitate survival and reproduction is no guarantee that it will help us to describe reality .
in fact , peirce 's explanation is metaphysical , resting on his panpsychist objective idealism : he rejects the use of natural selection in the explanation because the fact that a faculty was necessary for the commonsense inquiries which [help] survival and reproduction is no guarantee that it will help us to describe reality .

Flaps were to be left in the down position to facilitate the removal of mud and other debris prior to their retraction .
flaps were to be left in the down position to [help] the removal of mud and other debris prior to their retraction .

Children with clearly defined organic problems Congenital abnormalities of the intestinal tract requiring surgery clearly have an organic component , but the psychological management of these children can facilitate the development of good feeding later ( Geertsma et al .
children with clearly defined organic problems congenital abnormalities of the intestinal tract requiring surgery clearly have an organic component , but the psychological management of these children can [help] the development of good feeding later ( geertsma et al .

Similarly , the gradual introduction of more challenging activities intended to facilitate language development is likely to be more easily accomplished in a small class with specialist teachers .
similarly , the gradual introduction of more challenging activities intended to [help] language development is likely to be more easily accomplished in a small class with specialist teachers .

Diagnosis may facilitate communication among professionals in obtaining an appropriate placement for a child .
diagnosis may [help] communication among professionals in obtaining an appropriate placement for a child .

First , as already indicated , normative tests are those tests which are designed to facilitate comparison between the performance of the child being tested and the distribution of scores from a large sample of children .
first , as already indicated , normative tests are those tests which are designed to [help] comparison between the performance of the child being tested and the distribution of scores from a large sample of children .

While the former provide information regarding whether a test might reasonably be expected to facilitate the assessment of particular individuals and for particular purposes , the latter give information regarding the nature and quality of any information which is derived from the test .
while the former provide information regarding whether a test might reasonably be expected to [help] the assessment of particular individuals and for particular purposes , the latter give information regarding the nature and quality of any information which is derived from the test .

The second level of discourse is constituted less formally in social and psychological practices that facilitate living within the formal system , including ways of breaking the formal rules .
the second level of discourse is constituted less formally in social and psychological practices that [help] living within the formal system , including ways of breaking the formal rules .

Whatever the personal beliefs of the worker , the meaning of religion to the client should be noted , and efforts made to facilitate whatever religious expression is helpful .
whatever the personal beliefs of the worker , the meaning of religion to the client should be noted , and efforts made to [help] whatever religious expression is helpful .

This helps to prevent disruption and facilitate attendance of the group members .
this helps to prevent disruption and [help] attendance of the group members .

Thus the Labour government 's nationalisation programme was intended also to facilitate post-war regional policy .
thus the labour government 's nationalisation programme was intended also to [help] post-war regional policy .

The primary aim of family counselling is to facilitate and enhance the ability of individuals to examine their own needs and expectations , and to compare these in relation to the needs and expectations of other members of the family .
the primary aim of family counselling is to [help] and enhance the ability of individuals to examine their own needs and expectations , and to compare these in relation to the needs and expectations of other members of the family .

What we need is not so much a point irregularity such as a foreign atom , because that could only facilitate movement at one point , but rather a line defect which will allow the army of molecules , as it were , to sweep forward on a broad front .
what we need is not so much a point irregularity such as a foreign atom , because that could only [help] movement at one point , but rather a line defect which will allow the army of molecules , as it were , to sweep forward on a broad front .

To facilitate the change over , 11 days were dropped — the 2nd of September being followed by the 14th — to realign with the solar year .
to [help] the change over , 11 days were dropped — the 2nd of september being followed by the 14th — to realign with the solar year .

Conscious of this impending growth , in 1989 Intergraph set about standardising its European accounting procedures to facilitate the gathering and processing of the necessary information .
conscious of this impending growth , in 1989 intergraph set about standardising its european accounting procedures to [help] the gathering and processing of the necessary information .

To prevent such conversion of status from generating substantial tax liabilities , some specific tax legislation may be required to facilitate the changeover .
to prevent such conversion of status from generating substantial tax liabilities , some specific tax legislation may be required to [help] the changeover .

the main , or one of the main , reasons for the business ' structure was to avoid registration ( not , say , due to the partial exemption rules or to get limited liability protection or facilitate a part sale ) ;
the main , or one of the main , reasons for the business ' structure was to avoid registration ( not , say , due to the partial exemption rules or to get limited liability protection or [help] a part sale ) ;

Administrators have been given greater access to confidential documents , which could facilitate taking legal action against auditors and other advisers .
administrators have been given greater access to confidential documents , which could [help] taking legal action against auditors and other advisers .

But the question then arises as to whether all this interactive effort serves only to facilitate the internalization of linguistic knowledge , as Long appears to imply , or whether it does not also develop the executive ability referred to earlier , whereby the learner can access that knowledge in a range of communicative contexts .
but the question then arises as to whether all this interactive effort serves only to [help] the internalization of linguistic knowledge , as long appears to imply , or whether it does not also develop the executive ability referred to earlier , whereby the learner can access that knowledge in a range of communicative contexts .

Such categories naturally facilitate interaction within linguistic communities and inhibit interaction between communities to the extent that they differ in their conceptual and communicative economies .
such categories naturally [help] interaction within linguistic communities and inhibit interaction between communities to the extent that they differ in their conceptual and communicative economies .

As described earlier , InsP 3 plays a central role in driving this oscillatory activity and the wave-like spread of each spike may facilitate the transfer of a calcium signal to the nucleus .
as described earlier , insp 3 plays a central role in driving this oscillatory activity and the wave-like spread of each spike may [help] the transfer of a calcium signal to the nucleus .

It is assumed that there is sufficient uniformity to facilitate the specification of situations and circumstances that make it more , or less , likely to occur .
it is assumed that there is sufficient uniformity to [help] the specification of situations and circumstances that make it more , or less , likely to occur .

The first need for patronage was to facilitate entry ; secondly , it could ease the promotion of midshipmen to the rank of lieutenant ; and thirdly , it would aid the advancement of a lieutenant to the rank of commander of a small warship or captain of a larger one .
the first need for patronage was to [help] entry ; secondly , it could ease the promotion of midshipmen to the rank of lieutenant ; and thirdly , it would aid the advancement of a lieutenant to the rank of commander of a small warship or captain of a larger one .

’ There is , in fact , a tension between legal concepts designed to facilitate state control over family life , and those designed to protect the family from undue state intervention and to boost family autonomy .
’ there is , in fact , a tension between legal concepts designed to [help] state control over family life , and those designed to protect the family from undue state intervention and to boost family autonomy .

In general , then , supporters of the ‘ society-as-parent ’ view tend to favour changes in the 1975 Children Act which facilitate the removal and transfer of parental rights .
in general , then , supporters of the ‘ society-as-parent ’ view tend to favour changes in the 1975 children act which [help] the removal and transfer of parental rights .

These interpretations can be reviewed and considered in the light of the aims of the self-advocacy movement , with the question being posed — does this interpretation of normalisation and the implications for professional practice appear to support and facilitate the open-ended processes of growth emerging from the advocacy movements ?
these interpretations can be reviewed and considered in the light of the aims of the self-advocacy movement , with the question being posed — does this interpretation of normalisation and the implications for professional practice appear to support and [help] the open-ended processes of growth emerging from the advocacy movements ?

For priority status for children with special needs in order to facilitate access to ordinary provision .
for priority status for children with special needs in order to [help] access to ordinary provision .

Some , such as Alan Walker , have gone so far as to argue that ‘ retirement is largely a twentieth century phenomenon ’ , and that ‘ the increasing dependency of elderly people in Britain has been socially engineered in order to facilitate the removal of older workers from the labour force ’ .
some , such as alan walker , have gone so far as to argue that ‘ retirement is largely a twentieth century phenomenon ’ , and that ‘ the increasing dependency of elderly people in britain has been socially engineered in order to [help] the removal of older workers from the labour force ’ .

The war did little to facilitate reorganisation .
the war did little to [help] reorganisation .

Correspondingly the teacher is not redundant , a competent teacher is a learning manager and so also is every parent , manager or counsellor , their task is to provide the conditions and facilitate the process of self-development .
correspondingly the teacher is not redundant , a competent teacher is a learning manager and so also is every parent , manager or counsellor , their task is to provide the conditions and [help] the process of self-development .

Skills can not be transferred directly from a trainer to a trainee , the function of the trainer is to provide conditions and guidelines which will facilitate learning .
skills can not be transferred directly from a trainer to a trainee , the function of the trainer is to provide conditions and guidelines which will [help] learning .

There is a different form of automatic teaching device called a pacing machine which can facilitate the development of motor skills .
there is a different form of automatic teaching device called a pacing machine which can [help] the development of motor skills .

significantly , pupils of this type tend to have acquired significant degrees of work experience through part-time and spare-time work and also to possess the social skills of network membership which facilitate grape-vine recruitment ( of course , both of these things are affected by local unemployment levels ) .
significantly , pupils of this type tend to have acquired significant degrees of work experience through part-time and spare-time work and also to possess the social skills of network membership which [help] grape-vine recruitment ( of course , both of these things are affected by local unemployment levels ) .

As a result employers came to reappraise their previous strategy of attempting to contain unions by means of active opposition since that was more likely to result in increased government intervention to facilitate recognition .
as a result employers came to reappraise their previous strategy of attempting to contain unions by means of active opposition since that was more likely to result in increased government intervention to [help] recognition .

Some parishes followed this peripatetic approach , using a trestle table to facilitate mobility ; others , however , preferred to keep the table permanently in the middle of the chancel , sometimes surrounding it with rails to protect it from dogs .
some parishes followed this peripatetic approach , using a trestle table to [help] mobility ; others , however , preferred to keep the table permanently in the middle of the chancel , sometimes surrounding it with rails to protect it from dogs .

The object of all communist regimes , in theory at any rate , was to facilitate the transformation of humankind from its distorted and unhappy capitalist condition into a new type of person , ‘ the New Man ’ .
the object of all communist regimes , in theory at any rate , was to [help] the transformation of humankind from its distorted and unhappy capitalist condition into a new type of person , ‘ the new man ’ .

Technical terms are not ends in themselves , but because they facilitate discussion , they do need to be explicitly taught .
technical terms are not ends in themselves , but because they [help] discussion , they do need to be explicitly taught .

Not only does this facilitate learning of social skills from factors within the drama , but it also allows those involved to develop their self-esteem .
not only does this [help] learning of social skills from factors within the drama , but it also allows those involved to develop their self-esteem .

Net is also a general term , not specific to working girls ( prostitutes ) so that it can facilitate other ministries in the future .
net is also a general term , not specific to working girls ( prostitutes ) so that it can [help] other ministries in the future .

It 's wonderful to see the body of Christ mobilised to the lost in a local Church outreach setting and being able to facilitate the challenge .
it 's wonderful to see the body of christ mobilised to the lost in a local church outreach setting and being able to [help] the challenge .

The church is intended to facilitate , not hinder , growth .
the church is intended to [help] , not hinder , growth .

Thus structures facilitate ‘ mutualist ’ struggle in which workers aim to establish alternative and independent markets for production and distribution , ‘ economistic ’ struggle to increase job security within extant relations of production , and ‘ statist ’ struggle to promote interests through enlisting the aid of the state principally through legislative enactment .
thus structures [help] ‘ mutualist ’ struggle in which workers aim to establish alternative and independent markets for production and distribution , ‘ economistic ’ struggle to increase job security within extant relations of production , and ‘ statist ’ struggle to promote interests through enlisting the aid of the state principally through legislative enactment .

Elected governments and administrative elites are passive functionaries who simply facilitate the bargains struck by the functional elites .
elected governments and administrative elites are passive functionaries who simply [help] the bargains struck by the functional elites .

For example the centre could facilitate research in the areas where it felt that development , change and adoption of new techniques was required .
for example the centre could [help] research in the areas where it felt that development , change and adoption of new techniques was required .

Identifying districts for the development of comprehensive local mental illness services and making firm plans to provide these and facilitate the closure of two large hospitals , and providing local inpatient facilities for severely mentally ill elderly people .
identifying districts for the development of comprehensive local mental illness services and making firm plans to provide these and [help] the closure of two large hospitals , and providing local inpatient facilities for severely mentally ill elderly people .

What do we think about this increased reporting ? Is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? Is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? Or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . Does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? In a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? Do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? Does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which facilitate rape ? Given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair ‘ trial ’ ? Are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? Does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? If the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? Should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? Or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?
what do we think about this increased reporting ? is it good that rape is now reported , and its existence no longer denied ? is this coming into the open of crimes against women useful in assisting reforms in this area ? or are the stereotypes of rape portrayed by the press so narrow and unusual that they hinder the process of effective intervention by the state and others . does the reporting raise women 's fear of crime ? in a society where many women are afraid to walk alone at night does this increase in reporting increase women 's fear still further ? do the rape reports encourage further rapes , by providing information to potential rapists ? does the pornographic nature of some of the reports encourage attitudes which [help] rape ? given that we have so little information about rape , does the increased press reporting , given its restricted nature , hinder the chance of a raped woman getting a fair ‘ trial ’ ? are juries increasingly inhibited from convicting men who are different from this stereotype ? does the press narrow popular conceptions of rape and make it more difficult for raped women to obtain justice ? if the reports do contribute negatively , what should be done about it ? should they be compulsorily edited so as to be accurate and balanced , that is censored ? or is this going too far and risks losing more , in terms of freedom of speech , than we would gain ?

There may be social aspects of the visually handicapped pupil 's life at school that can be helped by a perceptive specialist teacher who is able to facilitate communication over matters that a sensitive child or adolescent may be embarrassed to disclose .
there may be social aspects of the visually handicapped pupil 's life at school that can be helped by a perceptive specialist teacher who is able to [help] communication over matters that a sensitive child or adolescent may be embarrassed to disclose .

Low vision aids , as the term implies , are designed to facilitate the use of low vision , and range from the simple magnifier to the complex closed circuit television set .
low vision aids , as the term implies , are designed to [help] the use of low vision , and range from the simple magnifier to the complex closed circuit television set .

The provision of copied material is expensive in resources and in time , but can facilitate work for pupils who have problems with distance vision , and a bank of basic material can be built up for future as well as current usage .
the provision of copied material is expensive in resources and in time , but can [help] work for pupils who have problems with distance vision , and a bank of basic material can be built up for future as well as current usage .

Piece by piece — all carefully labelled to facilitate re-erection — the building was transported to Welshpool .
piece by piece — all carefully labelled to [help] re-erection — the building was transported to welshpool .

This is thought to facilitate moving around on twigs and branches which , for a bird that lays its eggs in nests that may be hidden in thick vegetation , is an advantage .
this is thought to [help] moving around on twigs and branches which , for a bird that lays its eggs in nests that may be hidden in thick vegetation , is an advantage .

The Association is eager to recruit more shareholders and ordinary members to facilitate this .
the association is eager to recruit more shareholders and ordinary members to [help] this .

Unfortunately , as Phlips ( 1987 ) has pointed out , exchange of information may be needed to facilitate the establishment of non-co-operative equilibria , in a situation where demands and costs are changing rapidly .
unfortunately , as phlips ( 1987 ) has pointed out , exchange of information may be needed to [help] the establishment of non-co-operative equilibria , in a situation where demands and costs are changing rapidly .

Such switching costs can serve to facilitate collusion and to deter competitive entry ( Klemperer , 1987 ) .
such switching costs can serve to [help] collusion and to deter competitive entry ( klemperer , 1987 ) .

It should also be noted that in many cases they would also facilitate explicit collusion , and so their use does not rule out the ( possibly concealed ) existence of this .
it should also be noted that in many cases they would also [help] explicit collusion , and so their use does not rule out the ( possibly concealed ) existence of this .

And by avoiding any suggestion of encouraging or compelling rivals to co-operate , they may also facilitate uniform and non-aggressive pricing through such devices as price leadership and open price-reporting systems .
and by avoiding any suggestion of encouraging or compelling rivals to co-operate , they may also [help] uniform and non-aggressive pricing through such devices as price leadership and open price-reporting systems .

Suppose the same sort of bargain will have to be concluded quite often , then it may make sense to devise a framework , or ‘ governance structure ’ or protocol , to facilitate it .
suppose the same sort of bargain will have to be concluded quite often , then it may make sense to devise a framework , or ‘ governance structure ’ or protocol , to [help] it .

Finally , one general feature of the framework of this subsection is worthy of note , in order to facilitate comparisons between models .
finally , one general feature of the framework of this subsection is worthy of note , in order to [help] comparisons between models .

Question design is always given very careful attention in terms both of phrasing and ordering within modules ; the initial and final questions from each module are designed to facilitate topic shifts to other modules in the system . Module 3 , ‘ Fights ’ , ends with the questions :
question design is always given very careful attention in terms both of phrasing and ordering within modules ; the initial and final questions from each module are designed to [help] topic shifts to other modules in the system . module 3 , ‘ fights ’ , ends with the questions :

During the mid 1980 's , a major bank attempted to develop electronic procedures to facilitate trading in North Sea crude oil with the support of a centralized registry .
during the mid 1980 's , a major bank attempted to develop electronic procedures to [help] trading in north sea crude oil with the support of a centralized registry .

In addition , the electronic ‘ documentation ’ will facilitate the use of international standard data elements and codes , and cause a swifter turn-around of ships in port .
in addition , the electronic ‘ documentation ’ will [help] the use of international standard data elements and codes , and cause a swifter turn-around of ships in port .

The first serious attempt to facilitate the electronic transfer of bill of lading rights took place in 1986 and lasted less than one year .
the first serious attempt to [help] the electronic transfer of bill of lading rights took place in 1986 and lasted less than one year .

Before examining the statistical evidence linking education and health to economic growth , it is useful to review briefly the ways in which these two services are said to facilitate economic growth .
before examining the statistical evidence linking education and health to economic growth , it is useful to review briefly the ways in which these two services are said to [help] economic growth .

There was little evidence of housing and social services departments working together to facilitate independent living .
there was little evidence of housing and social services departments working together to [help] independent living .

As Herman explains , ‘ [ c ] ollective action may result from structural ties between firms that integrate their interest and facilitate coordination between them — such as a common ownership interest — or it may arise out of a recognized common interest or mutual business interdependence with minimal personal contact and communications among the companies and their officials .
as herman explains , ‘ [ c ] ollective action may result from structural ties between firms that integrate their interest and [help] coordination between them — such as a common ownership interest — or it may arise out of a recognized common interest or mutual business interdependence with minimal personal contact and communications among the companies and their officials .

Here the public interest in encouraging the private provision of a transport infrastructure and the other prerequisites of industrial development were manifest , and the comparative willingness of the state to provide a business vehicle that would facilitate the accumulation of the vast sums of capital required is readily comprehensible in that light .
here the public interest in encouraging the private provision of a transport infrastructure and the other prerequisites of industrial development were manifest , and the comparative willingness of the state to provide a business vehicle that would [help] the accumulation of the vast sums of capital required is readily comprehensible in that light .

From the standpoint of advocates of social responsibility , therefore , it should be a function of company law to facilitate the reception and proper weighting of third party interests in corporate decision making , even though this may require the adoption of policies which are not privately profit maximising .
from the standpoint of advocates of social responsibility , therefore , it should be a function of company law to [help] the reception and proper weighting of third party interests in corporate decision making , even though this may require the adoption of policies which are not privately profit maximising .

It is , furthermore , crucial to the profitability of a complex organisation that there be effective mechanisms to facilitate the flow of information .
it is , furthermore , crucial to the profitability of a complex organisation that there be effective mechanisms to [help] the flow of information .

These could be most advantageous to both parties and could facilitate the recruitment of church musicians at an early age .
these could be most advantageous to both parties and could [help] the recruitment of church musicians at an early age .

The complex of cross-cutting relations within enterprise groups is used to facilitate this technological innovation .
the complex of cross-cutting relations within enterprise groups is used to [help] this technological innovation .

In such a context , then , it is not surprising to find that skill sharing will occur more frequently and easily , and that job rotation may be used to facilitate both formal skill sharing and informal learning amongst employees ( Koike , 1981 ) .
in such a context , then , it is not surprising to find that skill sharing will occur more frequently and easily , and that job rotation may be used to [help] both formal skill sharing and informal learning amongst employees ( koike , 1981 ) .

It appears to be designed to facilitate such collective work .
it appears to be designed to [help] such collective work .

Management involves the accountability for role-related actions which it is the manager 's responsibility to produce and facilitate in others .
management involves the accountability for role-related actions which it is the manager 's responsibility to produce and [help] in others .

To facilitate coordination of plans and resources by : ( a ) allocating the financial resources between departments ; ( b ) assisting in the implementation of capital schemes ; ( c ) providing a basis for forecasting capital cash flows and financial requirements ; ( d ) providing a basis for forecasting revenue implications ; ( e ) providing a basis for budgetary control of outturn against forecast ; ( f ) to satisfy government control requirements .
to [help] coordination of plans and resources by : ( a ) allocating the financial resources between departments ; ( b ) assisting in the implementation of capital schemes ; ( c ) providing a basis for forecasting capital cash flows and financial requirements ; ( d ) providing a basis for forecasting revenue implications ; ( e ) providing a basis for budgetary control of outturn against forecast ; ( f ) to satisfy government control requirements .

Various structures have been initiated to help facilitate innovation including the ‘ Office of Innovation ’ model developed at the Eastman Kodak Company during the late 1970s .
various structures have been initiated to help [help] innovation including the ‘ office of innovation ’ model developed at the eastman kodak company during the late 1970s .

As to formal written reports , in our sample firms we also saw efforts to reduce the number of them , and to facilitate their production — for instance , by substituting computer programs for manual information collection and transmittal . Nevertheless , despite such efforts , the management effort required to co-ordinate , collaborate and integrate innovation activities is great :
as to formal written reports , in our sample firms we also saw efforts to reduce the number of them , and to [help] their production — for instance , by substituting computer programs for manual information collection and transmittal . nevertheless , despite such efforts , the management effort required to co-ordinate , collaborate and integrate innovation activities is great :

This will facilitate overall coordination and monitoring , which is important when unexpected events occur .
this will [help] overall coordination and monitoring , which is important when unexpected events occur .

Whether natural or learned , we would concur with the importance Eraut attaches to understanding the process of change and the factors that facilitate or constrain it .
whether natural or learned , we would concur with the importance eraut attaches to understanding the process of change and the factors that [help] or constrain it .

These are conceptualized as unified , non-contradictory , omniscient ‘ actors ’ , united by the common objective of dividing the working class along racial lines so as to facilitate the economic exploitation of both sections of the class .
these are conceptualized as unified , non-contradictory , omniscient ‘ actors ’ , united by the common objective of dividing the working class along racial lines so as to [help] the economic exploitation of both sections of the class .

Nonetheless there is sufficient evidence to suggest that concurrent performance of certain cognitive tasks can in some circumstances alter left-right perceptual asymmetries ( Kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; Hellige , 1978 ; Hellige , Cox and Litvac , 1979 ; Allard and Bryden , 1979 ; Rizzolatti , Bertolini and Buchtel , 1979 ; Beaumont and Colley , 1980 ) … The problem is that the additional task has sometimes been found to facilitate performance in the visual field opposite the supposedly activated hemisphere and in other cases has been found to impair performance .
nonetheless there is sufficient evidence to suggest that concurrent performance of certain cognitive tasks can in some circumstances alter left-right perceptual asymmetries ( kinsbourne , 1970 ; 1973 ; hellige , 1978 ; hellige , cox and litvac , 1979 ; allard and bryden , 1979 ; rizzolatti , bertolini and buchtel , 1979 ; beaumont and colley , 1980 ) … the problem is that the additional task has sometimes been found to [help] performance in the visual field opposite the supposedly activated hemisphere and in other cases has been found to impair performance .

When the effect of an additional task is to disrupt rather than facilitate performance then the two tasks are said to compete for the same `` functional space `` within the hemispheres .
when the effect of an additional task is to disrupt rather than [help] performance then the two tasks are said to compete for the same `` functional space `` within the hemispheres .

It is too early to make a firm judgement , but have you investigated Siporax as a filter medium ? The structure of this sintered glass is said to facilitate both the normal ammonia-nitrite-nitrate conversion of waste products , and then go one step further : enabling anaerobic bacteria deep in the pores to convert the nitrate to nitrogen gas .
it is too early to make a firm judgement , but have you investigated siporax as a filter medium ? the structure of this sintered glass is said to [help] both the normal ammonia-nitrite-nitrate conversion of waste products , and then go one step further : enabling anaerobic bacteria deep in the pores to convert the nitrate to nitrogen gas .

The filter , as you may recall , is an external upflow model with three gate valves , no less ( two to facilitate back-washing ) , and relies on the sintered glass medium , Siporax , for its astonishing claims to biological efficiency .
the filter , as you may recall , is an external upflow model with three gate valves , no less ( two to [help] back-washing ) , and relies on the sintered glass medium , siporax , for its astonishing claims to biological efficiency .

They too have taken an interest in the ideological and cultural world of the communities but only to facilitate and improve their marketing of so-called popular drugs like aspirin and alkaseltzer .
they too have taken an interest in the ideological and cultural world of the communities but only to [help] and improve their marketing of so-called popular drugs like aspirin and alkaseltzer .

The change and extension of role in Public Health Nursing from deliverer of care , and giver of advice and direction is in line with the aims and philosophy of ‘ Health for All by the year 2000 ’ and aims to facilitate the transition from institutional care to community care with the emphasis on self-care , based on concepts of partnership and empowerment , promoting participation of clients and individual and community self-reliance .
the change and extension of role in public health nursing from deliverer of care , and giver of advice and direction is in line with the aims and philosophy of ‘ health for all by the year 2000 ’ and aims to [help] the transition from institutional care to community care with the emphasis on self-care , based on concepts of partnership and empowerment , promoting participation of clients and individual and community self-reliance .

1 is that if PHCNs are to be agents of change , then they need appropriately-trained trainers to facilitate their skills development irrespective of whether they are doctors , nurses or professors .
1 is that if phcns are to be agents of change , then they need appropriately-trained trainers to [help] their skills development irrespective of whether they are doctors , nurses or professors .

Structures also need to be set up to facilitate their continued learning .
structures also need to be set up to [help] their continued learning .

Interlocking directorships allow the exchange of information between firms , and facilitate the development of policies which take into account more than the narrow interests of a single company .
interlocking directorships allow the exchange of information between firms , and [help] the development of policies which take into account more than the narrow interests of a single company .

Planning policies of concentration have fostered this , sometimes to facilitate the provision of amenities and services to housing .
planning policies of concentration have fostered this , sometimes to [help] the provision of amenities and services to housing .

Although not a feature of the Criminal Justice Act 1988 , a major justification for the introduction of literary forfeiture legislation in the United States of America and Australia was that it would facilitate compensation for victims of crime .
although not a feature of the criminal justice act 1988 , a major justification for the introduction of literary forfeiture legislation in the united states of america and australia was that it would [help] compensation for victims of crime .

The hallmark of the British response to defects in the working of the labour market became the provision of relief to the unemployed , and not either the creation of special work programmes or measures to facilitate movements of workers between jobs .
the hallmark of the british response to defects in the working of the labour market became the provision of relief to the unemployed , and not either the creation of special work programmes or measures to [help] movements of workers between jobs .

The local authorities are represented on the district authorities , and health districts have been partly designed to facilitate liaison with local authorities .
the local authorities are represented on the district authorities , and health districts have been partly designed to [help] liaison with local authorities .

There the political system has several characteristics that particularly facilitate the mobilization of small groups of people to influence decisions .
there the political system has several characteristics that particularly [help] the mobilization of small groups of people to influence decisions .

While certainly it seems plausible to suggest that , if there are people from similar social or educational backgrounds in a number of key roles , the relationships between those people will facilitate the sharing of ideas and opinions , the processes involved can not necessarily be explained as simply as this .
while certainly it seems plausible to suggest that , if there are people from similar social or educational backgrounds in a number of key roles , the relationships between those people will [help] the sharing of ideas and opinions , the processes involved can not necessarily be explained as simply as this .

As the historical chapter showed , the development of social policy has been very much a process of piling new initiatives on top of older policies , without ever clearing the ground to facilitate a fresh start .
as the historical chapter showed , the development of social policy has been very much a process of piling new initiatives on top of older policies , without ever clearing the ground to [help] a fresh start .

The forum exists to facilitate a coherent expression of the needs of families and to act as a pressure group to improve provision for them .
the forum exists to [help] a coherent expression of the needs of families and to act as a pressure group to improve provision for them .

The economic rationale behind the redundancy payment legislation was to facilitate labour mobility so that industry could adapt to changing economic and technological requirements .
the economic rationale behind the redundancy payment legislation was to [help] labour mobility so that industry could adapt to changing economic and technological requirements .

Thus another indicator is needed that will correct for the major , rational influences on the number and cost of items prescribed and facilitate direct comparison of prescribing data .
thus another indicator is needed that will correct for the major , rational influences on the number and cost of items prescribed and [help] direct comparison of prescribing data .

Butland seems to have failed to appreciate that in the government reforms the general practitioner is the purchaser of services and the family health services authority 's role is to facilitate this and not to act as Big Brother .
butland seems to have failed to appreciate that in the government reforms the general practitioner is the purchaser of services and the family health services authority 's role is to [help] this and not to act as big brother .

It has been suggested that smoking causes a local immunological defect , which could facilitate the infection and persistence of human papillomavirus .
it has been suggested that smoking causes a local immunological defect , which could [help] the infection and persistence of human papillomavirus .

Our findings support the suggestion that smoking might produce a local immunological defect , which could facilitate the infection and persistence of human papillomavirus .
our findings support the suggestion that smoking might produce a local immunological defect , which could [help] the infection and persistence of human papillomavirus .

When patients no longer need inpatient care but still have complex needs one of the key roles of care managers will be to facilitate rapid transfer home or to an alternative community setting .
when patients no longer need inpatient care but still have complex needs one of the key roles of care managers will be to [help] rapid transfer home or to an alternative community setting .

To facilitate this investigation both patients were sedated and ventilated , thus preventing further neurological assessment .
to [help] this investigation both patients were sedated and ventilated , thus preventing further neurological assessment .

Funds have been allocated to facilitate workplace reform and the unions in Western Australia have put forward a job redesign package as part of their current wage discussions .
funds have been allocated to [help] workplace reform and the unions in western australia have put forward a job redesign package as part of their current wage discussions .

It was suggested that `` The provision of these new additional and replacement continuing care units will also facilitate the desirable reduction in size of many larger inappropriately sited mental illness hospitals . ``
it was suggested that `` the provision of these new additional and replacement continuing care units will also [help] the desirable reduction in size of many larger inappropriately sited mental illness hospitals . ``

Direct laryngoscopy was performed and the posterior third of the larynx visualised , and suxamethonium was given to facilitate intubation .
direct laryngoscopy was performed and the posterior third of the larynx visualised , and suxamethonium was given to [help] intubation .

The new deal emphasised that partial shifts were the best way of reducing juniors ' hours in acute specialties and urged consultants to move to team working to facilitate this .
the new deal emphasised that partial shifts were the best way of reducing juniors ' hours in acute specialties and urged consultants to move to team working to [help] this .

As Hold away ( 1979 ) points out in relation to the teaching of reading , there is a set of universal conditions which facilitate success , and these need to be applied even more meticulously in the case of children who are experiencing difficulties .
as hold away ( 1979 ) points out in relation to the teaching of reading , there is a set of universal conditions which [help] success , and these need to be applied even more meticulously in the case of children who are experiencing difficulties .

The point is to facilitate discussion of how to change things — how in terms of the title of this book to get Beyond the Inner City , both for Tyneside and for other places like it .
the point is to [help] discussion of how to change things — how in terms of the title of this book to get beyond the inner city , both for tyneside and for other places like it .

New house building in North Tyneside is now essentially a private sector activity and the local authority has gone along with this ( particularly while under the control of ‘ Labour against Militant ’ ) by engaging in schemes designed to facilitate the access of low-income households to new owner-occupied dwellings .
new house building in north tyneside is now essentially a private sector activity and the local authority has gone along with this ( particularly while under the control of ‘ labour against militant ’ ) by engaging in schemes designed to [help] the access of low-income households to new owner-occupied dwellings .

The problem of male violence against women has been attacked by the provision of refuges for battered women to facilitate their escape from violent men , and rape-crisis lines to help women who have been sexually attacked .
the problem of male violence against women has been attacked by the provision of refuges for battered women to [help] their escape from violent men , and rape-crisis lines to help women who have been sexually attacked .

The task of the language teacher is a difficult one : to facilitate a degree of socialization which will enable learners to send and receive text as discourse , while also guarding their right to be different and to enrich others through that difference , bringing to the language they are learning the wealth of their own individuality and culture .
the task of the language teacher is a difficult one : to [help] a degree of socialization which will enable learners to send and receive text as discourse , while also guarding their right to be different and to enrich others through that difference , bringing to the language they are learning the wealth of their own individuality and culture .

Although there are claims that cohesive links in texts are used by text-producers to facilitate reading or comprehension by text-receivers ( cf .
although there are claims that cohesive links in texts are used by text-producers to [help] reading or comprehension by text-receivers ( cf .

However , it should not be too difficult to imagine several different titles for passage ( 3 ) , each of which could equally facilitate comprehension .
however , it should not be too difficult to imagine several different titles for passage ( 3 ) , each of which could equally [help] comprehension .

According to its preamble , which incorporates in part the terms of article 220 , the Convention seeks in particular to facilitate the recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts or tribunals and to strengthen in the Community the legal protection of persons therein established .
according to its preamble , which incorporates in part the terms of article 220 , the convention seeks in particular to [help] the recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts or tribunals and to strengthen in the community the legal protection of persons therein established .

25 . In order to facilitate consideration of the national court 's question ( 2 ) it appears advisable to divide it into sections depending on whether it relates to the nationality or the place of residence of the owners and operators ( ‘ operator ’ covers charterers , managers or operators within the meaning of section 14(1) ( c ) of the Act of 1988 ) , or to the place from which the vessel is operated , and hence to reformulate it as follows :
25 . in order to [help] consideration of the national court 's question ( 2 ) it appears advisable to divide it into sections depending on whether it relates to the nationality or the place of residence of the owners and operators ( ‘ operator ’ covers charterers , managers or operators within the meaning of section 14(1) ( c ) of the act of 1988 ) , or to the place from which the vessel is operated , and hence to reformulate it as follows :

If a caution was required , it can not be dispensed with simply to facilitate the operation .
if a caution was required , it can not be dispensed with simply to [help] the operation .

Upon receiving the report , the court can make an interim order under s 252 so as to facilitate the implementation of the proposed voluntary arrangement or make a bankruptcy order ( s 274 ) .
upon receiving the report , the court can make an interim order under s 252 so as to [help] the implementation of the proposed voluntary arrangement or make a bankruptcy order ( s 274 ) .

At this time one of the principal tasks of Mossad , the Israeli secret service , was to facilitate Jewish emigration to Israel ; the Iranian government allowed Mossad agents to operate in Teheran .
at this time one of the principal tasks of mossad , the israeli secret service , was to [help] jewish emigration to israel ; the iranian government allowed mossad agents to operate in teheran .

Helping to facilitate group processes in an involved but non-directive manner , encouraging the group to take concerned responsibility for its own development and that of all its members .
helping to [help] group processes in an involved but non-directive manner , encouraging the group to take concerned responsibility for its own development and that of all its members .

If it does not facilitate economic growth and expansion then it limits its capacity to raise taxes and so cuts into the public revenue on which its own power depends .
if it does not [help] economic growth and expansion then it limits its capacity to raise taxes and so cuts into the public revenue on which its own power depends .

There is a concern to increase the independence of members and to devise institutional relationships to facilitate a balance of powers that would give the Commons a more effective checking , choosing , and legislating role of the kind it enjoyed prior to the extension of the franchise and the organising implications of political parties in the nineteenth century .
there is a concern to increase the independence of members and to devise institutional relationships to [help] a balance of powers that would give the commons a more effective checking , choosing , and legislating role of the kind it enjoyed prior to the extension of the franchise and the organising implications of political parties in the nineteenth century .

In consequence , they are less concerned to fashion a constitution that would limit democratic politics than they are to introduce a constitution that would facilitate a new type of democratic politics that would then make more likely coalition government and the kind of moderate , stable , policies which they regard as at one with the broad mass of public opinion and in the national interest itself .
in consequence , they are less concerned to fashion a constitution that would limit democratic politics than they are to introduce a constitution that would [help] a new type of democratic politics that would then make more likely coalition government and the kind of moderate , stable , policies which they regard as at one with the broad mass of public opinion and in the national interest itself .

So , for example , the credit card and the financial `` package-deal `` , one-stop shopping and the direct mail catalogue all contribute to lessening the impact of these constraints , and facilitate the marketer 's direct concern with supplying and selling his product to the customer .
so , for example , the credit card and the financial `` package-deal `` , one-stop shopping and the direct mail catalogue all contribute to lessening the impact of these constraints , and [help] the marketer 's direct concern with supplying and selling his product to the customer .

Derived demand and Goods and services are usually purchased in augmented products industrial goods markets to facilitate the process by which the organisation satisfies the demand from its own customers .
derived demand and goods and services are usually purchased in augmented products industrial goods markets to [help] the process by which the organisation satisfies the demand from its own customers .

If this is so , then the educational role of teachers is to facilitate this .
if this is so , then the educational role of teachers is to [help] this .

The further into the future the perceived crisis , the more the chief executive will need to rely on introducing some flexibility into the corporate strategy to facilitate a change in direction in future if it becomes necessary .
the further into the future the perceived crisis , the more the chief executive will need to rely on introducing some flexibility into the corporate strategy to [help] a change in direction in future if it becomes necessary .

Sometimes she would try to reduce the detailed work in her original design simply to facilitate the process for the machinists .
sometimes she would try to reduce the detailed work in her original design simply to [help] the process for the machinists .

In order to facilitate progress , the report recommended that regional bodies be asked to draw up and submit plans for their areas for the organization of in-service courses .
in order to [help] progress , the report recommended that regional bodies be asked to draw up and submit plans for their areas for the organization of in-service courses .

Some understanding of the literature upon decision-making may therefore facilitate evaluation of the options considered above .
some understanding of the literature upon decision-making may therefore [help] evaluation of the options considered above .

These channels are the marketing institutions which facilitate the movement of goods and services from their point of production to their point of consumption .
these channels are the marketing institutions which [help] the movement of goods and services from their point of production to their point of consumption .

These are marketing institutions set up to facilitate the movement of goods and services from their point of production to their point of consumption .
these are marketing institutions set up to [help] the movement of goods and services from their point of production to their point of consumption .

Dehydration and the accumulation of glycerol in tissues facilitate freeze resistance at all stages of life cycles from eggs to imagos ( Danks , 1978,1981 ) .
dehydration and the accumulation of glycerol in tissues [help] freeze resistance at all stages of life cycles from eggs to imagos ( danks , 1978,1981 ) .

to find out the needs of parents of children under five and work with them to help facilitate those needs , … to help parents help their children acquire useful skills and act as a bridge between home and school , … and to increase a shared community spirit and foster an attitude of sharing and support between parents and other parents in the local neighbourhood , alongside the paid professionals and voluntary agencies .
to find out the needs of parents of children under five and work with them to help [help] those needs , … to help parents help their children acquire useful skills and act as a bridge between home and school , … and to increase a shared community spirit and foster an attitude of sharing and support between parents and other parents in the local neighbourhood , alongside the paid professionals and voluntary agencies .

To facilitate this change , the Special Powers Act was superseded by two new pieces of legislation , the Northern Ireland ( Emergency Provisions ) Act , introduced in 1973 and revised in 1978 , and the Prevention of Terrorism ( Temporary Provisions ) Act 1974 . In Walsh 's view ,
to [help] this change , the special powers act was superseded by two new pieces of legislation , the northern ireland ( emergency provisions ) act , introduced in 1973 and revised in 1978 , and the prevention of terrorism ( temporary provisions ) act 1974 . in walsh 's view ,

The objectives of these committees are to facilitate an exchange of views between the police and the wider community on issues of local concern ; to help resolve conflict between the police and dissenting sections of the community ; to encourage self-help and crime prevention activities ; and to educate or inform the public regarding everyday police matters ( Morgan , 1989 ) .
the objectives of these committees are to [help] an exchange of views between the police and the wider community on issues of local concern ; to help resolve conflict between the police and dissenting sections of the community ; to encourage self-help and crime prevention activities ; and to educate or inform the public regarding everyday police matters ( morgan , 1989 ) .

Thus , he maintained his chastity by using a device he would later employ to facilitate his heroine 's sexual indulgence .
thus , he maintained his chastity by using a device he would later employ to [help] his heroine 's sexual indulgence .

The convention is organized by eminent literary critics and support staff include ‘ interpreters ’ whose job it is to facilitate relations between the characters as well as ensuring the smooth running of the convention generally .
the convention is organized by eminent literary critics and support staff include ‘ interpreters ’ whose job it is to [help] relations between the characters as well as ensuring the smooth running of the convention generally .

To facilitate technology transfer from research to industrialisation .
to [help] technology transfer from research to industrialisation .

Given the interdisciplinary nature of the conference , participants are encouraged to design their presentations to facilitate cross-disciplinary communication .
given the interdisciplinary nature of the conference , participants are encouraged to design their presentations to [help] cross-disciplinary communication .

It was also claimed that a national curriculum would facilitate movement from one area of the country to another with minimum disruption to children 's education .
it was also claimed that a national curriculum would [help] movement from one area of the country to another with minimum disruption to children 's education .

The Act will also facilitate the further development of internal markets with competition between suppliers and opted-out hospitals acting as independent contractors .
the act will also [help] the further development of internal markets with competition between suppliers and opted-out hospitals acting as independent contractors .

These meetings proved to successful that , in 1842 , the traders founded the London Association for the Protection of Trade to facilitate the exchange of credit information .
these meetings proved to successful that , in 1842 , the traders founded the london association for the protection of trade to [help] the exchange of credit information .

The Perfumer completes your personal formula card to facilitate re-ordering , and variations are suggested and notes on adapting the perfume to different strengths .
the perfumer completes your personal formula card to [help] re-ordering , and variations are suggested and notes on adapting the perfume to different strengths .

The period of practice will facilitate , therefore , necessary consultation and planning activity .
the period of practice will [help] , therefore , necessary consultation and planning activity .

The Special Areas ( Development and Improvement ) Act , 1934 , provided for measures of assistance to facilitate the economic development and social improvement of areas affected by industrial depression ; it also provided for the appointment of two Commissioners ( one for England and Wales , and one for Scotland ) to prosecute that assistance .
the special areas ( development and improvement ) act , 1934 , provided for measures of assistance to [help] the economic development and social improvement of areas affected by industrial depression ; it also provided for the appointment of two commissioners ( one for england and wales , and one for scotland ) to prosecute that assistance .

Fire fighting problems of high-bay warehouses are characterised by large amounts of fuel , arranged in a cellular manner to facilitate deposit and retrieval .
fire fighting problems of high-bay warehouses are characterised by large amounts of fuel , arranged in a cellular manner to [help] deposit and retrieval .

This arrangement would facilitate indication of flow and could be used to identify the areas in which sprinkler heads were in operation .
this arrangement would [help] indication of flow and could be used to identify the areas in which sprinkler heads were in operation .

Independent control of water supplies to individual sections would facilitate this and the flexibility and effectiveness of the extinguishing system would be further improved if zones could be triggered by remote manual means linked into the automatic system and terminating at the same point as isolation valves and of venting controls .
independent control of water supplies to individual sections would [help] this and the flexibility and effectiveness of the extinguishing system would be further improved if zones could be triggered by remote manual means linked into the automatic system and terminating at the same point as isolation valves and of venting controls .

There would be advantage in designing these units to occupy positions on the external face of a building to facilitate ventilation after discharge of the extinguishment .
there would be advantage in designing these units to occupy positions on the external face of a building to [help] ventilation after discharge of the extinguishment .

, returning from Chartres to Paris in 1141 , sought him out in order to facilitate his own preparation for teaching ; he was thenceforward in close touch with Adam until his own departure from Paris in 1146 .
, returning from chartres to paris in 1141 , sought him out in order to [help] his own preparation for teaching ; he was thenceforward in close touch with adam until his own departure from paris in 1146 .

He was also allowed to continue trading , on condition that he kept his trustee supplied with a record of his financial affairs , so as to facilitate repayment of outstanding creditors .
he was also allowed to continue trading , on condition that he kept his trustee supplied with a record of his financial affairs , so as to [help] repayment of outstanding creditors .

The role of the teacher/outreach worker is to guide facilitate , contain , but not to engage in critical social analysis or action .
the role of the teacher/outreach worker is to guide [help] , contain , but not to engage in critical social analysis or action .

Such a reorientation requires , first , political will , and , second , institutional restructuring ( by , for example , universities and polytechnics in the higher education sector ) to facilitate the sort of programming discussed in this chapter ( and similar developments in analogous fields ) .
such a reorientation requires , first , political will , and , second , institutional restructuring ( by , for example , universities and polytechnics in the higher education sector ) to [help] the sort of programming discussed in this chapter ( and similar developments in analogous fields ) .

These details facilitate planning , and give the police greater opportunity to protect those who wish to engage in tree speech ; the police are enabled to warn those who might be significantly inconvenienced by a proposed march to take avoiding action .
these details [help] planning , and give the police greater opportunity to protect those who wish to engage in tree speech ; the police are enabled to warn those who might be significantly inconvenienced by a proposed march to take avoiding action .

He predicted that this redundancy would facilitate comprehension .
he predicted that this redundancy would [help] comprehension .

First , parties facilitate the aggregation of the large number of group and sectional interests that arise and thus present the electorate with a clarified choice of issues ; second , they organize and mobilize the electorate ; third , they recruit leaders and provide governments ; and fourth , they initiate and oversee the implementation of government policy .
first , parties [help] the aggregation of the large number of group and sectional interests that arise and thus present the electorate with a clarified choice of issues ; second , they organize and mobilize the electorate ; third , they recruit leaders and provide governments ; and fourth , they initiate and oversee the implementation of government policy .

The kicking leg is never quite fully extended , in order to prevent injury to the knee joint and to facilitate a fast withdrawal .
the kicking leg is never quite fully extended , in order to prevent injury to the knee joint and to [help] a fast withdrawal .

To facilitate the continuing personal and professional development of those in work or seeking to re-enter or change work .
to [help] the continuing personal and professional development of those in work or seeking to re-enter or change work .

More changes in 1981 were designed to facilitate further the procedures so that they could be used by the general public , making arbitration the normal method of settling disputes where the amount of the claim was less than £500 , amending the ‘ no costs ’ rule and amending the terms of reference for the conduct of arbitration .
more changes in 1981 were designed to [help] further the procedures so that they could be used by the general public , making arbitration the normal method of settling disputes where the amount of the claim was less than £500 , amending the ‘ no costs ’ rule and amending the terms of reference for the conduct of arbitration .

Finally , practitioners identified the need for management practices in their own agencies in relation to the development of assessment and care management systems , to be based on three key principles which are essential to the development of better practice . In order to facilitate the development of assessment processes , management must :
finally , practitioners identified the need for management practices in their own agencies in relation to the development of assessment and care management systems , to be based on three key principles which are essential to the development of better practice . in order to [help] the development of assessment processes , management must :

The framework has been designed to facilitate management of the process without reducing the task to an over-simplified and limited data collection exercise .
the framework has been designed to [help] management of the process without reducing the task to an over-simplified and limited data collection exercise .

However , the development of better approaches to assessment requires not only that managers facilitate such development but also that practitioners are prepared for the need to apply new skills and face new dilemmas .
however , the development of better approaches to assessment requires not only that managers [help] such development but also that practitioners are prepared for the need to apply new skills and face new dilemmas .

It has been suggested that Lord Castlehaven 's case is authority for the proposition that a man can be liable for rape of his wife But Castlehaven was indicted as praesens , auxilians and confortans for holding his wife down to facilitate her rape by ‘ one of his minions .
it has been suggested that lord castlehaven 's case is authority for the proposition that a man can be liable for rape of his wife but castlehaven was indicted as praesens , auxilians and confortans for holding his wife down to [help] her rape by ‘ one of his minions .

Thus , radical reform restructures rape offences in ways that it is hoped will facilitate the prosecution process without jeopardising the interests of the accused .
thus , radical reform restructures rape offences in ways that it is hoped will [help] the prosecution process without jeopardising the interests of the accused .

‘ This is an historic measure and one of the most important reforms this Government has ever presented to Parliament … These reforms are designed to protect the victims of rape from further victimization under the legal process ; to encourage rape victims to report offences to the authorities ; to facilitate the administration of justice and the conviction of guilty offenders . ’
‘ this is an historic measure and one of the most important reforms this government has ever presented to parliament … these reforms are designed to protect the victims of rape from further victimization under the legal process ; to encourage rape victims to report offences to the authorities ; to [help] the administration of justice and the conviction of guilty offenders . ’

The work included the installation of full comfort cooling , complete re-wiring to facilitate future technologies and the re-positioning of the old counter to create more space in the banking hall .
the work included the installation of full comfort cooling , complete re-wiring to [help] future technologies and the re-positioning of the old counter to create more space in the banking hall .

In addition , ramps have been added to the existing footbridge at Gogarburn Hospital to facilitate is use by those with wheelchairs and prams .
in addition , ramps have been added to the existing footbridge at gogarburn hospital to [help] is use by those with wheelchairs and prams .

Circumstances permitting , it may subsequently be possible to widen the objective to facilitate learning from the experience and to enhance the development of good practice in dealing with violence .
circumstances permitting , it may subsequently be possible to widen the objective to [help] learning from the experience and to enhance the development of good practice in dealing with violence .

Within branch management groups to facilitate discussion between senior branch staff .
within branch management groups to [help] discussion between senior branch staff .

The Link helps facilitate a dialogue on such matters with Government Ministers , MPs , statutory authorities and others with a serious interested in the countryside .
the link helps [help] a dialogue on such matters with government ministers , mps , statutory authorities and others with a serious interested in the countryside .

To promote and facilitate discussion at school level about the philosophy of the Catholic school ( using my experiences working for the Queensland Catholic Education Commission as a stimulus . )
to promote and [help] discussion at school level about the philosophy of the catholic school ( using my experiences working for the queensland catholic education commission as a stimulus . )

The implication for the region is the provision of inservice training for all staff in schools to facilitate their participation in internal evaluation .
the implication for the region is the provision of inservice training for all staff in schools to [help] their participation in internal evaluation .

The University is also committing substantial funds to assist with automated cataloguing , in particular for the conversion of recent paper catalogues in the Bodleian , and is pursuing other aspects of library automation , to facilitate access to its collections .
the university is also committing substantial funds to assist with automated cataloguing , in particular for the conversion of recent paper catalogues in the bodleian , and is pursuing other aspects of library automation , to [help] access to its collections .

It also discusses the possibility of using various `` science fiction `` techniques to counter climate change , including breaking up atmospheric CFCs with laser beams , and dumping huge quantities of iron filings in the sea in order to facilitate the absorption of carbon dioxide .
it also discusses the possibility of using various `` science fiction `` techniques to counter climate change , including breaking up atmospheric cfcs with laser beams , and dumping huge quantities of iron filings in the sea in order to [help] the absorption of carbon dioxide .

This suggests that in this example the role of the first segment ( the original ) is to provide assumptions which facilitate the understanding of the second ( the reformulation ) .
this suggests that in this example the role of the first segment ( the original ) is to provide assumptions which [help] the understanding of the second ( the reformulation ) .

The contract may also contain procedural terms designed to facilitate the resolution of any disputes which may arise , for instance , concerning the procedure for notifying claims and the evidence which may be adduced .
the contract may also contain procedural terms designed to [help] the resolution of any disputes which may arise , for instance , concerning the procedure for notifying claims and the evidence which may be adduced .

Include the item `` Expedition fee — £25 `` in the fees panel ; and it may facilitate the matter , as well as showing courtesy towards the Land Registrar and his staff , if a covering letter with the application cover tells briefly why expedition is required .
include the item `` expedition fee — £25 `` in the fees panel ; and it may [help] the matter , as well as showing courtesy towards the land registrar and his staff , if a covering letter with the application cover tells briefly why expedition is required .

Third , compliance with regulatory rules or the regulator 's directions may facilitate a finding that there has not been `` unreasonable `` or `` unfair `` conduct .
third , compliance with regulatory rules or the regulator 's directions may [help] a finding that there has not been `` unreasonable `` or `` unfair `` conduct .

Those convening conferences should facilitate the attendance of parents and children by : ( i ) arranging conferences at a time convenient to parents and children as well as the professionals involved ; ( ii ) ensuring that the family are prepared for the conference by the professional worker best known to them ; ( iii ) arranging for them to meet the chair in advance ; ( iv ) ensuring that the family are briefed in advance on the issues to be raised so that they can seek advice and prepare what they have to say ; ( v ) limiting numbers to those who really need to attend ( para 6.23 ) .
those convening conferences should [help] the attendance of parents and children by : ( i ) arranging conferences at a time convenient to parents and children as well as the professionals involved ; ( ii ) ensuring that the family are prepared for the conference by the professional worker best known to them ; ( iii ) arranging for them to meet the chair in advance ; ( iv ) ensuring that the family are briefed in advance on the issues to be raised so that they can seek advice and prepare what they have to say ; ( v ) limiting numbers to those who really need to attend ( para 6.23 ) .

Public law cases may be transferred up , down and across the court system where this will avoid delay , facilitate consolidation or allow the case to be heard at an appropriate level .
public law cases may be transferred up , down and across the court system where this will avoid delay , [help] consolidation or allow the case to be heard at an appropriate level .

Literary studies in action approaches the study of literature in the same way that a comparatively naive undergraduate reader approaches it : as a conglomeration of linguistic and literary forms , functions and meanings , all operating at once and all of which have somehow to be deciphered in order to gain access to the text , and explained in order to facilitate the production of adequate essays .
literary studies in action approaches the study of literature in the same way that a comparatively naive undergraduate reader approaches it : as a conglomeration of linguistic and literary forms , functions and meanings , all operating at once and all of which have somehow to be deciphered in order to gain access to the text , and explained in order to [help] the production of adequate essays .

Most lay witnesses will expect this in any event and can see why they are necessary , if only to facilitate time off work and the payment of expenses .
most lay witnesses will expect this in any event and can see why they are necessary , if only to [help] time off work and the payment of expenses .

The sticky nature of the outer shell may also facilitate passive spread of eggs .
the sticky nature of the outer shell may also [help] passive spread of eggs .

She had the skill , courage and creativity to facilitate the learning process of these pupils .
she had the skill , courage and creativity to [help] the learning process of these pupils .

The main objectives of policy are , first , to enable the demand to be met in the right places , while preventing sites from springing up in the wrong places ; and , second , to allow caravan sites , where permitted , to be established on a permanent or long-term basis , in order to facilitate the provision of proper services and equipment and to allow the occupants reasonable security of tenure .
the main objectives of policy are , first , to enable the demand to be met in the right places , while preventing sites from springing up in the wrong places ; and , second , to allow caravan sites , where permitted , to be established on a permanent or long-term basis , in order to [help] the provision of proper services and equipment and to allow the occupants reasonable security of tenure .

Thus , purchases by the Board would have done nothing to facilitate an increase in the total supply of land for development even if they had been much more numerous .
thus , purchases by the board would have done nothing to [help] an increase in the total supply of land for development even if they had been much more numerous .

The agricultural quality of the land and the need to control the rate at which land is taken for development are among the factors to be considered [ in assessing planning applications affecting agricultural land ] , together with the need to facilitate development and economic activity that provides jobs , and the continuing need to protect the countryside for its own sake rather than primarily for the productive value of the land .
the agricultural quality of the land and the need to control the rate at which land is taken for development are among the factors to be considered [ in assessing planning applications affecting agricultural land ] , together with the need to [help] development and economic activity that provides jobs , and the continuing need to protect the countryside for its own sake rather than primarily for the productive value of the land .

The search for physiological , psychological , social , biochemical or other markers which will facilitate the identification of high-risk children with some accuracy needs to continue .
the search for physiological , psychological , social , biochemical or other markers which will [help] the identification of high-risk children with some accuracy needs to continue .

Until further progress has been made to facilitate the identification of people at risk of schizophrenia , there is not a firm basis for large-scale intervention programmes .
until further progress has been made to [help] the identification of people at risk of schizophrenia , there is not a firm basis for large-scale intervention programmes .

Cheque guarantee cards facilitate the process .
cheque guarantee cards [help] the process .

Amongst those who disagreed it was frequently asserted that the provision of a sealed form 53 prior to completion might facilitate rather than hinder the commission of a fraud .
amongst those who disagreed it was frequently asserted that the provision of a sealed form 53 prior to completion might [help] rather than hinder the commission of a fraud .

Old gardens are not abandoned but are visited and cropped for up to 30 years ; these also attract game and facilitate hunting .
old gardens are not abandoned but are visited and cropped for up to 30 years ; these also attract game and [help] hunting .

He might not love Didi , but he intended to marry her as soon as he had the ring , and he 'd only persuaded her to return to New York to facilitate matters and save a possible clash …
he might not love didi , but he intended to marry her as soon as he had the ring , and he 'd only persuaded her to return to new york to [help] matters and save a possible clash …

One tangible response to the need for improved responsiveness has been a change in approach to how organisational structures facilitate the company 's mission .
one tangible response to the need for improved responsiveness has been a change in approach to how organisational structures [help] the company 's mission .

What tends to be missing is a more structured approach to information management , along with more convenient tools to facilitate it ’ ( Thom 1993 : 77 ) .
what tends to be missing is a more structured approach to information management , along with more convenient tools to [help] it ’ ( thom 1993 : 77 ) .

The importance to historians of encoding standards that will facilitate data exchange can not be overstated .
the importance to historians of encoding standards that will [help] data exchange can not be overstated .

How can we support the development of encoding standards which will facilitate data exchange ?
how can we support the development of encoding standards which will [help] data exchange ?

It seems that those in favour of a change in the present restrictions have won the day ; for the repeal of s39 of the Solicitors Act was specifically designed to facilitate MDPs .
it seems that those in favour of a change in the present restrictions have won the day ; for the repeal of s39 of the solicitors act was specifically designed to [help] mdps .

While this is an advantage for the parties , it does not facilitate studying the subject .
while this is an advantage for the parties , it does not [help] studying the subject .

They may also contain provisions to facilitate an exit for the investor , possibly `` forced sale `` provisions , and provisions obliging the managers to sell their shares on leaving the company .
they may also contain provisions to [help] an exit for the investor , possibly `` forced sale `` provisions , and provisions obliging the managers to sell their shares on leaving the company .

The Conservative National Union and the National Liberal Federation were formed in order to facilitate and encourage the support of the new electors .
the conservative national union and the national liberal federation were formed in order to [help] and encourage the support of the new electors .

Proportional representation , it is feared , would facilitate a blurring of the choice before the electorate and prevent a party being returned with a mandate clearly approved by the people .
proportional representation , it is feared , would [help] a blurring of the choice before the electorate and prevent a party being returned with a mandate clearly approved by the people .

To facilitate the exchange of goods and services both externally , among nations and internally , within a nation .
to [help] the exchange of goods and services both externally , among nations and internally , within a nation .

To ensure unambiguity and completeness design methods should include formal languages which facilitate verification .
to ensure unambiguity and completeness design methods should include formal languages which [help] verification .

Through his arrangement of spaces , and his location of individuals within them , Bentham used the plan form of the Panopticon to facilitate the flow of information to supervisory staff , so placing them in a position , as Hume ( 1981 p 5 ) explained : `` to detect and punish disobedience and to adapt their policies and decisions to changing circumstances and varying performances . ``
through his arrangement of spaces , and his location of individuals within them , bentham used the plan form of the panopticon to [help] the flow of information to supervisory staff , so placing them in a position , as hume ( 1981 p 5 ) explained : `` to detect and punish disobedience and to adapt their policies and decisions to changing circumstances and varying performances . ``

To facilitate this , the conference organisers had prepared a list of topics and drawn up a list of questions which might be considered in the discussions .
to [help] this , the conference organisers had prepared a list of topics and drawn up a list of questions which might be considered in the discussions .

Treaties have been concluded to foster a common standard of treatment for individuals , to provide additional protection for certain categories of individuals , to impose obligations upon individuals , and to facilitate the exercise of municipal jurisdiction over individuals .
treaties have been concluded to foster a common standard of treatment for individuals , to provide additional protection for certain categories of individuals , to impose obligations upon individuals , and to [help] the exercise of municipal jurisdiction over individuals .

This will facilitate the removal of surplus glue or spills .
this will [help] the removal of surplus glue or spills .

The head is glued and dowel pegged to the neck , using the cramping noggin on the neck and the waste piece cut from the front of the head to facilitate positioning the cramps .
the head is glued and dowel pegged to the neck , using the cramping noggin on the neck and the waste piece cut from the front of the head to [help] positioning the cramps .

This declaration stated that ‘ His Majesty 's Government view with favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people , and will use their best endeavours to facilitate the achievement of this object .
this declaration stated that ‘ his majesty 's government view with favour the establishment in palestine of a national home for the jewish people , and will use their best endeavours to [help] the achievement of this object .

He engages a top-class consultant to help facilitate the iii-depth debate on critical strategic issues ; for example , employee relations , or management style , or systems policy .
he engages a top-class consultant to help [help] the iii-depth debate on critical strategic issues ; for example , employee relations , or management style , or systems policy .

At best , management fashions can facilitate effective profit management .
at best , management fashions can [help] effective profit management .

Instead they must facilitate the proper mode of encounter between reader and text , that of `` falling in love `` .
instead they must [help] the proper mode of encounter between reader and text , that of `` falling in love `` .

This article may even facilitate such a step .
this article may even [help] such a step .

Bodies commissioning such work ( Soprintendenze , local authorities ) must take steps to inform the public of what is being done and how , and to facilitate access to the site .
bodies commissioning such work ( soprintendenze , local authorities ) must take steps to inform the public of what is being done and how , and to [help] access to the site .

Note : Use black print on white paper to facilitate reproduction .
note : use black print on white paper to [help] reproduction .

To take a possible example , state ownership of coal , oil exploration , and gas and electricity industries may facilitate the planning of the energy sector .
to take a possible example , state ownership of coal , oil exploration , and gas and electricity industries may [help] the planning of the energy sector .

This is because the pen as an input device can be used to facilitate many other sorts of interaction besides the input of freehand text .
this is because the pen as an input device can be used to [help] many other sorts of interaction besides the input of freehand text .

As large samples of data were required , further programs were written to facilitate this process , by simulating recognised output for any given input sentence .
as large samples of data were required , further programs were written to [help] this process , by simulating recognised output for any given input sentence .

This is not to say that adequate recognition can not be achieved without understanding , but rather an appreciation of the processes involved in understanding may facilitate the design of more efficient recognition algorithms and systems .
this is not to say that adequate recognition can not be achieved without understanding , but rather an appreciation of the processes involved in understanding may [help] the design of more efficient recognition algorithms and systems .

In prescribing care , the individual primary nurse acts as a ‘ resource allocator ’ by deciding what resources are required to facilitate this care .
in prescribing care , the individual primary nurse acts as a ‘ resource allocator ’ by deciding what resources are required to [help] this care .

Individual patients should , however , retain ultimate control over their care and their primary nurse will often facilitate them to do so .
individual patients should , however , retain ultimate control over their care and their primary nurse will often [help] them to do so .

The counsellor may be able to facilitate communication between the couple that has not been possible at home .
the counsellor may be able to [help] communication between the couple that has not been possible at home .

The second is to facilitate a common market or a political or economic grouping by harmonizing national laws governing domestic transactions , so that State boundaries within the geographical area covered by the members of the market lose much of their significance within the fields covered by the harmonizing measures .
the second is to [help] a common market or a political or economic grouping by harmonizing national laws governing domestic transactions , so that state boundaries within the geographical area covered by the members of the market lose much of their significance within the fields covered by the harmonizing measures .

Since international trade law is largely dispositive and is designed primarily to facilitate international transactions between business enterprises it is only sensible to try out proposals on those who will be affected by them to see whether they will really work .
since international trade law is largely dispositive and is designed primarily to [help] international transactions between business enterprises it is only sensible to try out proposals on those who will be affected by them to see whether they will really work .

Beginning with two case studies , it then turns to the way commercial law has been intended to function , and in fact has functioned to facilitate market transactions in developed market economies .
beginning with two case studies , it then turns to the way commercial law has been intended to function , and in fact has functioned to [help] market transactions in developed market economies .

Earlier in 1990 the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka , the country 's highest court , opined : It said this in upholding , in the main , the constitutionality of one of a number of bills introduced by the government to facilitate debt recovery in Sri Lanka .
earlier in 1990 the supreme court of sri lanka , the country 's highest court , opined : it said this in upholding , in the main , the constitutionality of one of a number of bills introduced by the government to [help] debt recovery in sri lanka .

The aim of this legislation , as the Supreme Court noted , is to facilitate economic development , although it is fair to add that lenders both from within and outside the country have been pressing for change for some time .
the aim of this legislation , as the supreme court noted , is to [help] economic development , although it is fair to add that lenders both from within and outside the country have been pressing for change for some time .

The obvious concern is to facilitate capital formation and to channel it into sectors and areas capable of using it most efficiently .
the obvious concern is to [help] capital formation and to channel it into sectors and areas capable of using it most efficiently .

At a second level , law functions to facilitate commercial activity through particular doctrines .
at a second level , law functions to [help] commercial activity through particular doctrines .

If required , these transactions can then be segmented into different forms of payment to facilitate identification .
if required , these transactions can then be segmented into different forms of payment to [help] identification .

The first , Organic Growers West Wales , was set up in the 1970s to facilitate the supply of produce to meet the growing demand from the supermarkets while supporting its members by guaranteeing markets and providing information on what crops are needed and what prices they will receive for them .
the first , organic growers west wales , was set up in the 1970s to [help] the supply of produce to meet the growing demand from the supermarkets while supporting its members by guaranteeing markets and providing information on what crops are needed and what prices they will receive for them .

Below the ‘ tambour ’ was a sliding panel which could be raised and lowered ‘ to facilitate the addition or removal of conveniences without disturbing the traveller .
below the ‘ tambour ’ was a sliding panel which could be raised and lowered ‘ to [help] the addition or removal of conveniences without disturbing the traveller .

Most utterances , they claim , serve both functions but written forms facilitate the differentiation and separation of the functions .
most utterances , they claim , serve both functions but written forms [help] the differentiation and separation of the functions .

They facilitate syntactic flexibility in conversation .
they [help] syntactic flexibility in conversation .

If scholars in the host country can establish with authority that English really can facilitate neutral , objective statements then its value on the world market is correspondingly increased .
if scholars in the host country can establish with authority that english really can [help] neutral , objective statements then its value on the world market is correspondingly increased .

Hildyard and Olson have restricted the claim to written modes of communication , arguing that speech forms are ‘ context-dependent ’ while written forms , in which English is particularly developed , facilitate ‘ objectivity ’ ( 1978 ) .
hildyard and olson have restricted the claim to written modes of communication , arguing that speech forms are ‘ context-dependent ’ while written forms , in which english is particularly developed , [help] ‘ objectivity ’ ( 1978 ) .

They assert , for example , by implication that non-academics in their own culture and members of other cultures , particularly illiterate ‘ primitives ’ , can not have the skills of ‘ objectivity ’ , ‘ neutrality ’ and ‘ logic ’ which their own academic language is specifically designed to facilitate .
they assert , for example , by implication that non-academics in their own culture and members of other cultures , particularly illiterate ‘ primitives ’ , can not have the skills of ‘ objectivity ’ , ‘ neutrality ’ and ‘ logic ’ which their own academic language is specifically designed to [help] .

It is n't primarily there to facilitate exchanges , either ( though , if it can help it will ) .
it is n't primarily there to [help] exchanges , either ( though , if it can help it will ) .

To help facilitate the distribution of mail and delivery of messages an alphabetical guest list is maintained , usually on a revolving stand located in an area easily accessible to all staff of the reception area .
to help [help] the distribution of mail and delivery of messages an alphabetical guest list is maintained , usually on a revolving stand located in an area easily accessible to all staff of the reception area .

This helps facilitate the organisation of labour and the servicing of rooms .
this helps [help] the organisation of labour and the servicing of rooms .

Trial balance to facilitate hotel accounting .
trial balance to [help] hotel accounting .

Indexing is the process required to facilitate the location of records .
indexing is the process required to [help] the location of records .

Using colours helps facilitate the sorting of checks and the analysis work done in the control office .
using colours helps [help] the sorting of checks and the analysis work done in the control office .

Consequently , although the condition was still untreatable the neonatal identification could facilitate reproductive choice in further pregnancies in the immediate and the extended family .
consequently , although the condition was still untreatable the neonatal identification could [help] reproductive choice in further pregnancies in the immediate and the extended family .

Diabetic shared care schemes and diabetic liaison nurses help facilitate the dispersal of information from the central hospital clinic to general practitioners and families caring for patients with diabetes .
diabetic shared care schemes and diabetic liaison nurses help [help] the dispersal of information from the central hospital clinic to general practitioners and families caring for patients with diabetes .

In other systems , parties facilitate the work of executive branches by concentrating power at the centre .
in other systems , parties [help] the work of executive branches by concentrating power at the centre .

Reagan had also hoped for a ‘ clean ’ bill , one that was not adorned with ‘ ornaments ’ — in other words , concessions made to facilitate passage .
reagan had also hoped for a ‘ clean ’ bill , one that was not adorned with ‘ ornaments ’ — in other words , concessions made to [help] passage .

Even though new issues are increasingly being offered at current market values , the banks continue to facilitate the accumulation of stock within related groups of companies .
even though new issues are increasingly being offered at current market values , the banks continue to [help] the accumulation of stock within related groups of companies .

New features are likely to involve ‘ massage ’ of textual data to facilitate composition .
new features are likely to involve ‘ massage ’ of textual data to [help] composition .

Instructions may therefore be provided to facilitate the manipulation of such a data-type .
instructions may therefore be provided to [help] the manipulation of such a data-type .

The edit operation may also provide the address of the first significant digit , to facilitate insertion of a special character immediately before this digit , as mentioned in ( c ) above .
the edit operation may also provide the address of the first significant digit , to [help] insertion of a special character immediately before this digit , as mentioned in ( c ) above .

Initially , the main aim of this research was to demonstrate the inaccuracy of Chomsky 's characterization of the input as `` random and degenerate `` but , more recently , attempts have been made to show that particular features of this register actually facilitate the learner 's task .
initially , the main aim of this research was to demonstrate the inaccuracy of chomsky 's characterization of the input as `` random and degenerate `` but , more recently , attempts have been made to show that particular features of this register actually [help] the learner 's task .

These refugees have been moved away from the border to facilitate military operations and now must endure life on the barren and wind-swept interior plateau .
these refugees have been moved away from the border to [help] military operations and now must endure life on the barren and wind-swept interior plateau .

Assessment provides information to facilitate decision making .
assessment provides information to [help] decision making .

The test would need to be constructed so that a range of marks is produced , for a narrow band of scores would not discriminate sufficiently to facilitate the allocation of pupils .
the test would need to be constructed so that a range of marks is produced , for a narrow band of scores would not discriminate sufficiently to [help] the allocation of pupils .

This record should be made available to the suspect on request and is designed to facilitate any complaints of unjustifiable action by the police .
this record should be made available to the suspect on request and is designed to [help] any complaints of unjustifiable action by the police .

Note the expansion of the Duty Solicitor Scheme and the provision of Free Legal Advice to facilitate this .
note the expansion of the duty solicitor scheme and the provision of free legal advice to [help] this .

It has been argued that the present law pays too great a regard to the need to preserve public order and does too little to facilitate peaceful protest , e.g .
it has been argued that the present law pays too great a regard to the need to preserve public order and does too little to [help] peaceful protest , e.g .

Some aspects of schools may be changed in order to facilitate curricular and/or extra-curricular activities , without this being perceived as curriculum change per se .
some aspects of schools may be changed in order to [help] curricular and/or extra-curricular activities , without this being perceived as curriculum change per se .

Meanwhile the Inservice Panel devises and executes staff-development activities and explores infrastructural initiatives ( for example , networking ) designed to facilitate the communication of good practice , the sharing of ideas and the peer support which characterise a commitment to extending the professionalism of teachers throughout the county .
meanwhile the inservice panel devises and executes staff-development activities and explores infrastructural initiatives ( for example , networking ) designed to [help] the communication of good practice , the sharing of ideas and the peer support which characterise a commitment to extending the professionalism of teachers throughout the county .

To make available necessary staffing to facilitate the above aims .
to make available necessary staffing to [help] the above aims .

The evaluators must conclude that something like the input of resources which characterised the Essex project is a necessary condition for improving library provision and associated resources ( Objective 3 ) and to facilitate reforms in pedagogy , but that it is by no means a sufficient condition for significant change .
the evaluators must conclude that something like the input of resources which characterised the essex project is a necessary condition for improving library provision and associated resources ( objective 3 ) and to [help] reforms in pedagogy , but that it is by no means a sufficient condition for significant change .

This will not only facilitate the request but also enable consideration of continuity .
this will not only [help] the request but also enable consideration of continuity .

Have discussions taken place between the unit manager and the director of nurse education to facilitate the best match between the needs of nurses in training and those of the service ?
have discussions taken place between the unit manager and the director of nurse education to [help] the best match between the needs of nurses in training and those of the service ?

In his study of the problems of implementing the Local Government Act 1972 in England and Wales , Richards describes the various means that ‘ exist to facilitate county/district co-operation , some of which depend on the 1972 Act and some of which do not ’ ( Richards 1975b:76 ) .
in his study of the problems of implementing the local government act 1972 in england and wales , richards describes the various means that ‘ exist to [help] county/district co-operation , some of which depend on the 1972 act and some of which do not ’ ( richards 1975b:76 ) .

There are a lot of organisations which can facilitate these concerts .
there are a lot of organisations which can [help] these concerts .

Such linkages facilitate business transactions and partly offset differences of interests between , say , manufacturers and banks .
such linkages [help] business transactions and partly offset differences of interests between , say , manufacturers and banks .

In order to facilitate a quick arrest under difficult circumstances — ‘ the crowd was jeering and becoming unpleasantly restive ’ — Robert Mark then confesses that he indulged in a little police brutality , by using his strictly non-regulation rubber truncheon to give the offender ‘ a hefty whack on the shin ' which apparently broke his leg .
in order to [help] a quick arrest under difficult circumstances — ‘ the crowd was jeering and becoming unpleasantly restive ’ — robert mark then confesses that he indulged in a little police brutality , by using his strictly non-regulation rubber truncheon to give the offender ‘ a hefty whack on the shin ' which apparently broke his leg .

The woman cyclist was another object of fearful contemplation , and there were snide allusions to the improper ‘ rational costumes ’ women were adopting to facilitate travel by bike , as well as their recklessness in traffic .
the woman cyclist was another object of fearful contemplation , and there were snide allusions to the improper ‘ rational costumes ’ women were adopting to [help] travel by bike , as well as their recklessness in traffic .

From the point of view of explanation , moral and ideological features of social life can be treated as legitimizing devices which may facilitate but do not account for what is really going on .
from the point of view of explanation , moral and ideological features of social life can be treated as legitimizing devices which may [help] but do not account for what is really going on .

But choosing furniture and interior decoration schemes is a joint task for 57 % — so the legalisation of Sunday opening of stores , to facilitate such joint decisions , might be welcome .
but choosing furniture and interior decoration schemes is a joint task for 57 % — so the legalisation of sunday opening of stores , to [help] such joint decisions , might be welcome .

Meetings were held with all secondary school headteachers to discuss the drugs problem and a video was made to facilitate in-service training for teachers .
meetings were held with all secondary school headteachers to discuss the drugs problem and a video was made to [help] in-service training for teachers .

The two meetings examined in detail the practical workings of the Convention and were able to make suggestions to facilitate its operation , but no major difficulties were discovered .
the two meetings examined in detail the practical workings of the convention and were able to make suggestions to [help] its operation , but no major difficulties were discovered .

To facilitate student and staff exchanges in a cross-national programme on European integration studies coordinated by the University of Bradford .
to [help] student and staff exchanges in a cross-national programme on european integration studies coordinated by the university of bradford .

Instead , resources could be used to limit known abuses or even to facilitate redress when abuses take place .
instead , resources could be used to limit known abuses or even to [help] redress when abuses take place .

To facilitate the completion or carrying out of a transaction .
to [help] the completion or carrying out of a transaction .

An individual is not , by reason of having information relating to any particular transaction , prohibited by sections 1(2) , ( 4 ) ( b ) , ( 5 ) , or ( 6 ) from dealing on a recognised stock exchange and by s.1(7) and 1(8) from counselling , procuring , or communicating that information , if he does that thing in order to facilitate the completion or carrying out of the transaction .
an individual is not , by reason of having information relating to any particular transaction , prohibited by sections 1(2) , ( 4 ) ( b ) , ( 5 ) , or ( 6 ) from dealing on a recognised stock exchange and by s.1(7) and 1(8) from counselling , procuring , or communicating that information , if he does that thing in order to [help] the completion or carrying out of the transaction .

The officers in the merchant bank , who know of the proposed take-over , and whose knowledge is itself unpublished price sensitive information , may deal , or counsel , or procure others to deal , provided it is done to facilitate the completion or carrying out of the transaction , that is , the bid .
the officers in the merchant bank , who know of the proposed take-over , and whose knowledge is itself unpublished price sensitive information , may deal , or counsel , or procure others to deal , provided it is done to [help] the completion or carrying out of the transaction , that is , the bid .

Family health services authority advisers are well placed to develop this research area , to evaluate drug use , and to facilitate local work by general practitioners on targeted areas .
family health services authority advisers are well placed to develop this research area , to evaluate drug use , and to [help] local work by general practitioners on targeted areas .

Yet because the philosopher 's adult has traditionally been male , his children boy children , and his educational programmes designed to facilitate the transition between them , the ideal of the fully human person has been masculinised to the point where otherwise thoughtful and sometimes good and wise men have unashamedly admitted that this defining ideal is not applicable to half the species .
yet because the philosopher 's adult has traditionally been male , his children boy children , and his educational programmes designed to [help] the transition between them , the ideal of the fully human person has been masculinised to the point where otherwise thoughtful and sometimes good and wise men have unashamedly admitted that this defining ideal is not applicable to half the species .

To facilitate comparison with the adjustable peg , the major features of managed floating can be described under the headings of adjustment , liquidity , and cooperation .
to [help] comparison with the adjustable peg , the major features of managed floating can be described under the headings of adjustment , liquidity , and cooperation .

Professor Kaldor has pointed out that an increase in the note issue precedes the Christmas spending spree , to facilitate the extra demand for transactions balances , but the absence of such an increase would not prevent the spending boom .
professor kaldor has pointed out that an increase in the note issue precedes the christmas spending spree , to [help] the extra demand for transactions balances , but the absence of such an increase would not prevent the spending boom .

It also presupposes that the assumptions upon which social policies have been based in the past have changed in recent years in order to facilitate women 's participation in activities outside the home .
it also presupposes that the assumptions upon which social policies have been based in the past have changed in recent years in order to [help] women 's participation in activities outside the home .

Individual nuclear family units not only provide the maximum number of outlets for commodity production , but also facilitate social control .
individual nuclear family units not only provide the maximum number of outlets for commodity production , but also [help] social control .

The Act can also be used to acquire ancillary rights needed in the national interest to facilitate the working of minerals .
the act can also be used to acquire ancillary rights needed in the national interest to [help] the working of minerals .

‘ This application of emerging technology has allowed us to locate the 1993 exploration well with greater confidence and to facilitate early 1994 well location planning .
‘ this application of emerging technology has allowed us to locate the 1993 exploration well with greater confidence and to [help] early 1994 well location planning .

Two separate European Community initiatives are designed to facilitate labour mobility : work on the comparability of vocational qualifications , and mutual recognition .
two separate european community initiatives are designed to [help] labour mobility : work on the comparability of vocational qualifications , and mutual recognition .

In order to facilitate labour mobility across Europe , a number of initiatives have been instigated by the European Community .
in order to [help] labour mobility across europe , a number of initiatives have been instigated by the european community .

General SVQs in business administration , more suitable for full-time students , will be introduced from August 1992 , and will complement and facilitate access to the SVQs .
general svqs in business administration , more suitable for full-time students , will be introduced from august 1992 , and will complement and [help] access to the svqs .

The national framework for HNDs in engineering disciplines aims to facilitate progression from HNCs , and is common to all engineering disciplines . The core subject areas for the HNDs are :
the national framework for hnds in engineering disciplines aims to [help] progression from hncs , and is common to all engineering disciplines . the core subject areas for the hnds are :

They say that the Banks are trying to create a climate to lower expectations and thereby facilitate the making-up of minds for the final handshake from the Area Manager .
they say that the banks are trying to create a climate to lower expectations and thereby [help] the making-up of minds for the final handshake from the area manager .

Ian Harper reports on how the latest fiasco in designing systems to facilitate the Stock Exchange has left fund managers and brokers looking for yet another solution to their needs .
ian harper reports on how the latest fiasco in designing systems to [help] the stock exchange has left fund managers and brokers looking for yet another solution to their needs .

The use of Imaging would greatly facilitate the management and control of correspondence .
the use of imaging would greatly [help] the management and control of correspondence .

All staff will require to wear their identity card within a holder , which would facilitate the use of the card for flexitime purposes , although cards for these purposes could remain separate if required .
all staff will require to wear their identity card within a holder , which would [help] the use of the card for flexitime purposes , although cards for these purposes could remain separate if required .

It seems that in the case of the higher primates the diffusion and decay of specific instinctual behaviours has facilitated — perhaps even necessitated — the evolution of a primitive and elementary ego-organization , that is , one in which unfocused instinctual drives are increasingly brought under the control of the higher cortical centres which facilitate drive-management and decision-making on the basis of great adaptive flexibility of response .
it seems that in the case of the higher primates the diffusion and decay of specific instinctual behaviours has facilitated — perhaps even necessitated — the evolution of a primitive and elementary ego-organization , that is , one in which unfocused instinctual drives are increasingly brought under the control of the higher cortical centres which [help] drive-management and decision-making on the basis of great adaptive flexibility of response .

If , however , existing levels of industrial concentration are insufficient for such strategic control , the state can foster industrial reorganization or cartels to facilitate it .
if , however , existing levels of industrial concentration are insufficient for such strategic control , the state can foster industrial reorganization or cartels to [help] it .

None of our patients with supraconal lesions showed inhibition of the external anal sphincter when straining , confirming the importance of descending inhibitory pathways to facilitate defecation in normal subjects .
none of our patients with supraconal lesions showed inhibition of the external anal sphincter when straining , confirming the importance of descending inhibitory pathways to [help] defecation in normal subjects .

It would also facilitate reflex defecation and predispose to faecal incontinence .
it would also [help] reflex defecation and predispose to faecal incontinence .

This mechanism might facilitate bile salt absorption into the enterohepatic circulation by slowing intestinal transit time .
this mechanism might [help] bile salt absorption into the enterohepatic circulation by slowing intestinal transit time .

Sphincterotomy is sometimes performed to facilitate biliary stenting , and consequent haemorrhage may occasionally be a cause of death .
sphincterotomy is sometimes performed to [help] biliary stenting , and consequent haemorrhage may occasionally be a cause of death .

To facilitate the study of Roman houses the following list of common terms is given .
to [help] the study of roman houses the following list of common terms is given .

Our case shows that , with carcinoma of the gallbladder , rupture of the gallbladder during laparoscopic cholecystectomy must be avoided by all means , even if the umbilical incision has to be sufficiently extended to facilitate easy removal of an intact specimen .
our case shows that , with carcinoma of the gallbladder , rupture of the gallbladder during laparoscopic cholecystectomy must be avoided by all means , even if the umbilical incision has to be sufficiently extended to [help] easy removal of an intact specimen .

Our findings suggest that this ‘ inappropriate ’ adrenergic response may facilitate the development of tachycardiomyopathy and could be a target for therapy .
our findings suggest that this ‘ inappropriate ’ adrenergic response may [help] the development of tachycardiomyopathy and could be a target for therapy .

Other causal connections can be argued about ; for example , tax transfers may decrease envy , facilitate participation in the mainstream of society and/or foster a sense of unity .
other causal connections can be argued about ; for example , tax transfers may decrease envy , [help] participation in the mainstream of society and/or foster a sense of unity .

The deception was meant to facilitate the end result .
the deception was meant to [help] the end result .

Ironically , the legislation introduced to reform campaign funding helped to facilitate increased spending in politics .
ironically , the legislation introduced to reform campaign funding helped to [help] increased spending in politics .

The growing power of campaign funding and its effects are also related to changes in the American political and social system which help to facilitate these effects .
the growing power of campaign funding and its effects are also related to changes in the american political and social system which help to [help] these effects .

By this proposal , the greater bilateralisation in females may facilitate the needs of females in motherhood including the necessary communication skills , whereas restricted separation of function is necessary to ensure a high level of visuo-spatial skills in males required , for example , in hunting .
by this proposal , the greater bilateralisation in females may [help] the needs of females in motherhood including the necessary communication skills , whereas restricted separation of function is necessary to ensure a high level of visuo-spatial skills in males required , for example , in hunting .

To provide hotel schools and other education/training providers with information which will assist them to develop curricula which facilitate the mobility of graduates within Europe .
to provide hotel schools and other education/training providers with information which will assist them to develop curricula which [help] the mobility of graduates within europe .

Whereas the Republican party was eager to exploit the issue in the run-up to the November congressional elections , leading Democrats sought to distance it from party considerations but promised to facilitate an early congressional vote on the subject of a constitutional amendment .
whereas the republican party was eager to exploit the issue in the run-up to the november congressional elections , leading democrats sought to distance it from party considerations but promised to [help] an early congressional vote on the subject of a constitutional amendment .

To facilitate this aim the Presidents had signed an Economic Action Plan for Central America and agreed that discussions should proceed on the revival of the Central American Common Market .
to [help] this aim the presidents had signed an economic action plan for central america and agreed that discussions should proceed on the revival of the central american common market .

In September 1989 a draft law was presented which aimed to facilitate a large-scale privatization programme over the next five years .
in september 1989 a draft law was presented which aimed to [help] a large-scale privatization programme over the next five years .

Although some commentators suggested that Lee 's offer amounted to a substantial concession , others saw the preconditions as too demanding to facilitate any real progress in bilateral relations .
although some commentators suggested that lee 's offer amounted to a substantial concession , others saw the preconditions as too demanding to [help] any real progress in bilateral relations .

The statement fell short of endorsing Arafat 's call for the imposition of economic sanctions , but nevertheless called on states to stop providing the Israeli government with aid or loans to facilitate the settling of Jewish emigrants `` in Palestine and the other occupied Arab territories `` .
the statement fell short of endorsing arafat 's call for the imposition of economic sanctions , but nevertheless called on states to stop providing the israeli government with aid or loans to [help] the settling of jewish emigrants `` in palestine and the other occupied arab territories `` .

Demanded `` that Iraq permit and facilitate the departure from Kuwait and Iraq of the nationals of third countries `` , and that consular officials be granted immediate and continuing access to such foreign nationals .
demanded `` that iraq permit and [help] the departure from kuwait and iraq of the nationals of third countries `` , and that consular officials be granted immediate and continuing access to such foreign nationals .

The most significant breakthrough in this respect was the decision to implement a common tariff on imports from January 1991 , in order to facilitate the eventual removal of all barriers to intra-community trade .
the most significant breakthrough in this respect was the decision to implement a common tariff on imports from january 1991 , in order to [help] the eventual removal of all barriers to intra-community trade .

An additional factor was Bangalore airport 's lack of the instrument landing system in operation at most major airports to facilitate landings .
an additional factor was bangalore airport 's lack of the instrument landing system in operation at most major airports to [help] landings .

Reporting dealers have the privilege of access to screens operated by inter-dealer brokers ( IDBs ) which facilitate the unwinding of unbalanced positions by market makers .
reporting dealers have the privilege of access to screens operated by inter-dealer brokers ( idbs ) which [help] the unwinding of unbalanced positions by market makers .

This is essential to facilitate the smooth running of a sale and to provide the client with regular written status reports .
this is essential to [help] the smooth running of a sale and to provide the client with regular written status reports .

For all complex deal management roles but specifically when acting as lead adviser it is important to establish detailed responsibilities from the outset . In order to facilitate this process the following , at least should be developed and agreed with all parties :
for all complex deal management roles but specifically when acting as lead adviser it is important to establish detailed responsibilities from the outset . in order to [help] this process the following , at least should be developed and agreed with all parties :

This is essential to facilitate the smooth running of a sale to be able to brief the client at any time .
this is essential to [help] the smooth running of a sale to be able to brief the client at any time .

In addition , slung across his shoulder , Grant carried a coiled rope knotted every two feet to facilitate climbing .
in addition , slung across his shoulder , grant carried a coiled rope knotted every two feet to [help] climbing .

The project will also provide a crucial bench mark in London studies , and facilitate comparison between London and other European cities .
the project will also provide a crucial bench mark in london studies , and [help] comparison between london and other european cities .

The objectives of the Unit as laid out in its constitution are as follows : to undertake industrial relations research of a long-term multidisciplinary character ; to contribute towards improving the quality of data and of understanding that is available for industrial relations policy-making by government , employers and trade unions ; to provide for a concentration of resources and continuity of work and thereby improve career opportunities for research workers and facilitate large-scale research projects ; to enhance the quality of industrial relations teaching and research activity of the School of Industrial and Business Studies ; to be a national and international centre for industrial relations research and to attract suitable visiting researchers and research students to the University .
the objectives of the unit as laid out in its constitution are as follows : to undertake industrial relations research of a long-term multidisciplinary character ; to contribute towards improving the quality of data and of understanding that is available for industrial relations policy-making by government , employers and trade unions ; to provide for a concentration of resources and continuity of work and thereby improve career opportunities for research workers and [help] large-scale research projects ; to enhance the quality of industrial relations teaching and research activity of the school of industrial and business studies ; to be a national and international centre for industrial relations research and to attract suitable visiting researchers and research students to the university .

The simulation routine will be developed further to facilitate comprehensive analyses of radical reforms as well as of changes in the parameters underlying the present tax/benefit system .
the simulation routine will be developed further to [help] comprehensive analyses of radical reforms as well as of changes in the parameters underlying the present tax/benefit system .

These extensions will facilitate the analysis of the effects of changes in the structure of commodity taxes and of unemployment benefits .
these extensions will [help] the analysis of the effects of changes in the structure of commodity taxes and of unemployment benefits .

It involves the development of a system to facilitate the description and analysis of the interview process .
it involves the development of a system to [help] the description and analysis of the interview process .

Various software packages have been designed in order to facilitate the storage and analysis of materials such as interview transcripts and fieldnotes .
various software packages have been designed in order to [help] the storage and analysis of materials such as interview transcripts and fieldnotes .

The aim of the system is to enable travellers to reach the core of the city centre by rail systems in a way that is not possible now , to facilitate movements across the city centre and thus across the city , to persuade travellers to shift from car travel to public transport thus relieving road congestion , and to facilitate the revitalisation of the city centre .
the aim of the system is to enable travellers to reach the core of the city centre by rail systems in a way that is not possible now , to [help] movements across the city centre and thus across the city , to persuade travellers to shift from car travel to public transport thus relieving road congestion , and to [help] the revitalisation of the city centre .

It is a significant attempt to use spatial policies to co-ordinate existing research development and future innovations and to facilitate them on the ground .
it is a significant attempt to use spatial policies to co-ordinate existing research development and future innovations and to [help] them on the ground .

It might also facilitate some participants progressing from Regional to National Schools in certain sports .
it might also [help] some participants progressing from regional to national schools in certain sports .

‘ It is totally unacceptable that such an organisation should be used to facilitate prostitution and the sexual exploitation of women with its associated high risk of sexually transmitted disease .
‘ it is totally unacceptable that such an organisation should be used to [help] prostitution and the sexual exploitation of women with its associated high risk of sexually transmitted disease .

Several members of the Group are convinced that connection is essential to facilitate the development of our scientific and information systems over the next ten years .
several members of the group are convinced that connection is essential to [help] the development of our scientific and information systems over the next ten years .

This will facilitate listing , future conservation action , and research .
this will [help] listing , future conservation action , and research .

However , this is a direction in which we would already have been moving for other reasons , and the installation of a digital telephone exchange for the provision of extra lines to our new accommodation will greatly facilitate the process .
however , this is a direction in which we would already have been moving for other reasons , and the installation of a digital telephone exchange for the provision of extra lines to our new accommodation will greatly [help] the process .

That all new slides be transferred to modern storage systems to facilitate easy retrieval .
that all new slides be transferred to modern storage systems to [help] easy retrieval .

The Garden is concerned to facilitate such research , and to provide the means by which our knowledge resources can be communicated and utilised throughout Europe .
the garden is concerned to [help] such research , and to provide the means by which our knowledge resources can be communicated and utilised throughout europe .

Both projects are , in the medium and long term , going to make the resources of the Library available to a wider group of users , and to facilitate more detailed research work which at the moment can not be undertaken , because of the state of the collections .
both projects are , in the medium and long term , going to make the resources of the library available to a wider group of users , and to [help] more detailed research work which at the moment can not be undertaken , because of the state of the collections .

The aim of this study is to revise the abyssal ophiuroids of the North Atlantic portraying the species likely to occur within this area so as to facilitate identification by the non specialist .
the aim of this study is to revise the abyssal ophiuroids of the north atlantic portraying the species likely to occur within this area so as to [help] identification by the non specialist .

To facilitate this , a Steering Committee was set up consisting of senior members of the relevant departments to oversee the development and decide or recommend courses of action on major policy areas .
to [help] this , a steering committee was set up consisting of senior members of the relevant departments to oversee the development and decide or recommend courses of action on major policy areas .

Banks make a major contribution to industrial financing which is not shown in their lending figures , in that they facilitate the leasing of equipment .
banks make a major contribution to industrial financing which is not shown in their lending figures , in that they [help] the leasing of equipment .

Introduction of new tenure of commonhold to facilitate communal management of buildings .
introduction of new tenure of commonhold to [help] communal management of buildings .

In addition , the office aims to provide training for Welsh solicitors , and to facilitate international links .
in addition , the office aims to provide training for welsh solicitors , and to [help] international links .

Our last Letters are dated Hobart Town Feb. 9 up to which time his expedition had been eminently successful ; far more so than he could have anticipated ; the most liberal assistance had been rendered him by the Authorities , everything that could facilitate his views being cheerfully accorded : while nothing could exceed the kindness of Sir John and Lady Franklin in whose house he was then residing : in fact so much were they interested in his pursuits that upon more than one occasion they accompanied him in his exploring parties .
our last letters are dated hobart town feb. 9 up to which time his expedition had been eminently successful ; far more so than he could have anticipated ; the most liberal assistance had been rendered him by the authorities , everything that could [help] his views being cheerfully accorded : while nothing could exceed the kindness of sir john and lady franklin in whose house he was then residing : in fact so much were they interested in his pursuits that upon more than one occasion they accompanied him in his exploring parties .

Relative to disabled people , it is non-Disabled people who hold the social and economic resources , and ways need to be found to facilitate equitable access to them .
relative to disabled people , it is non-disabled people who hold the social and economic resources , and ways need to be found to [help] equitable access to them .

Walls and ceilings in the germination rooms and steeping areas have been clad with plastic panelling to facilitate cleaning .
walls and ceilings in the germination rooms and steeping areas have been clad with plastic panelling to [help] cleaning .

To facilitate easier access it may also be necessary to add other pointers ( Figure 5.10 ) , such as a pointer to the beginning of the list or to the previous record as well as the next one .
to [help] easier access it may also be necessary to add other pointers ( figure 5.10 ) , such as a pointer to the beginning of the list or to the previous record as well as the next one .

Fields which may be frequently accessed may be designated key fields by the database administrator and held on the index , to facilitate this easy access .
fields which may be frequently accessed may be designated key fields by the database administrator and held on the index , to [help] this easy access .

Enabled by the willingness of parliament to facilitate local economic improvement , the turnpike trusts succeeded in injecting resources into the improvement of a road network which might otherwise have remained much worse .
enabled by the willingness of parliament to [help] local economic improvement , the turnpike trusts succeeded in injecting resources into the improvement of a road network which might otherwise have remained much worse .

Co-ordination via cartels or single ownership may facilitate better planning when different products are close complements in production .
co-ordination via cartels or single ownership may [help] better planning when different products are close complements in production .

Governments are sometimes suspicious of this argument because they are more accustomed to thinking as accountants about financial payments than as economists about production and distribution of goods and services that the price system is merely a mechanism to facilitate .
governments are sometimes suspicious of this argument because they are more accustomed to thinking as accountants about financial payments than as economists about production and distribution of goods and services that the price system is merely a mechanism to [help] .

Proponents argue that the dams will check floods , facilitate fisheries , provide water for industrial and domestic use and promote tourism .
proponents argue that the dams will check floods , [help] fisheries , provide water for industrial and domestic use and promote tourism .

Clause 2 amends the Prison Act 1952 so as to increase the penalty for sending anything into prison with the intent to facilitate an escape .
clause 2 amends the prison act 1952 so as to increase the penalty for sending anything into prison with the intent to [help] an escape .

Set-aside schemes must be voluntary and must facilitate the entry of young people into the industry .
set-aside schemes must be voluntary and must [help] the entry of young people into the industry .

The Bill is largely uncontentious and we wish to facilitate its swift passage on to the statute book .
the bill is largely uncontentious and we wish to [help] its swift passage on to the statute book .

Secretaries and Research Assistants ; notes that the Register includes information on , amongst others provided with access passes , the proprietor of private psychiatric nursing and residential homes , employees of political and economic consultancies , international law firms , company directors , representatives of parliamentary lobbying organisations ( including Research and Information Services , Westminster Ltd. , Chelgate Public Relations Ltd. , Taylor Steingberg Associates , Westminster Communications , Decision Makers Ltd. , Charles Barker Public Affairs and others ) , a parliamentary researcher for parliamentary agents , a Lloyds underwriter and the Managing Director of Charles Barker Watney and Powell ; and urges the Leader of the House to place a Motion on the Order Paper to facilitate publication so that the public may be aware of who has such privileged access , and why . ]
secretaries and research assistants ; notes that the register includes information on , amongst others provided with access passes , the proprietor of private psychiatric nursing and residential homes , employees of political and economic consultancies , international law firms , company directors , representatives of parliamentary lobbying organisations ( including research and information services , westminster ltd. , chelgate public relations ltd. , taylor steingberg associates , westminster communications , decision makers ltd. , charles barker public affairs and others ) , a parliamentary researcher for parliamentary agents , a lloyds underwriter and the managing director of charles barker watney and powell ; and urges the leader of the house to place a motion on the order paper to [help] publication so that the public may be aware of who has such privileged access , and why . ]

Given the creditable support that the Minister has previously given to integrated education in Northern Ireland , will he ensure that provision is made within the citizens charter to develop integrated education and to facilitate the opportunity for children in Northern Ireland to enter such education ? Is not that the best investment that we can make in the long-term future for that troubled area ?
given the creditable support that the minister has previously given to integrated education in northern ireland , will he ensure that provision is made within the citizens charter to develop integrated education and to [help] the opportunity for children in northern ireland to enter such education ? is not that the best investment that we can make in the long-term future for that troubled area ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that there is a place for parliamentary contacts where we have no diplomatic relations ? Does not the record in recent years show that such contacts can facilitate the resumption of diplomatic relations , especially if tackled on an all-party basis by Members of this House ?
does my right hon. friend agree that there is a place for parliamentary contacts where we have no diplomatic relations ? does not the record in recent years show that such contacts can [help] the resumption of diplomatic relations , especially if tackled on an all-party basis by members of this house ?

Does my right hon. Friend agree that one way of improving the representation of women in the higher reaches of the civil service still further would be to make matters easier for them lower down the ladder ? Can he give any information as to how arrangements such as job sharing have grown in the civil service to facilitate that desirable outcome ?
does my right hon. friend agree that one way of improving the representation of women in the higher reaches of the civil service still further would be to make matters easier for them lower down the ladder ? can he give any information as to how arrangements such as job sharing have grown in the civil service to [help] that desirable outcome ?

Would it be possible to have another look at the last provision that the Minister mentioned , which imposes on local authorities a duty to provide sites for travellers ? Why should they have to facilitate what is , in all its aspects , an anti-social form of life and thus impose a loss on rate and charge payers , who then have to put up with such sites in their neighbourhood ?
would it be possible to have another look at the last provision that the minister mentioned , which imposes on local authorities a duty to provide sites for travellers ? why should they have to [help] what is , in all its aspects , an anti-social form of life and thus impose a loss on rate and charge payers , who then have to put up with such sites in their neighbourhood ?

Training and employment play a key role , yet there is no planned or co-ordinated policy to facilitate it .
training and employment play a key role , yet there is no planned or co-ordinated policy to [help] it .

The Lord Chancellor has made it clear on the front of that document that they have been issued before being finalised so as to facilitate discussion .
the lord chancellor has made it clear on the front of that document that they have been issued before being finalised so as to [help] discussion .

Unfortunately , we often lose sight of this goal and set up the organizational layers in our managerial hierarchies to accommodate pay brackets and facilitate career development instead .
unfortunately , we often lose sight of this goal and set up the organizational layers in our managerial hierarchies to accommodate pay brackets and [help] career development instead .

Her loose silk smock had been raised , while the elastic waistband of her matching trousers had been lowered a few inches so that her pale abdomen , not yet beginning to swell with the new life inside her , was ready to be smeared lightly with the gel that would facilitate the task of finding the tiny heartbeat .
her loose silk smock had been raised , while the elastic waistband of her matching trousers had been lowered a few inches so that her pale abdomen , not yet beginning to swell with the new life inside her , was ready to be smeared lightly with the gel that would [help] the task of finding the tiny heartbeat .

The order of subjects must be systematic and generally acceptable to the anticipated users of index or collection ; it should also facilitate effective browsing between related subjects .
the order of subjects must be systematic and generally acceptable to the anticipated users of index or collection ; it should also [help] effective browsing between related subjects .

First , synthetic schemes tend to facilitate detailed specification , and thus inclusion of a larger number of subjects .
first , synthetic schemes tend to [help] detailed specification , and thus inclusion of a larger number of subjects .

The underlying problems of the subject approach , the components of the indexing process and some concepts which facilitate its discussion have already been introduced in Chapter 12 .
the underlying problems of the subject approach , the components of the indexing process and some concepts which [help] its discussion have already been introduced in chapter 12 .

One important distinction between these types of society is that some may be resistant to further development while others facilitate it , and thus a contrast is established between the development of society in Western Europe , through feudalism to capitalism , and the relative immutability of Asiatic societies .
one important distinction between these types of society is that some may be resistant to further development while others [help] it , and thus a contrast is established between the development of society in western europe , through feudalism to capitalism , and the relative immutability of asiatic societies .

Indeed , in the pre-Conquest period , coins were produced at numerous mints to facilitate the transactions carried out at such centres .
indeed , in the pre-conquest period , coins were produced at numerous mints to [help] the transactions carried out at such centres .

Why is Christian Aid willing to help facilitate linking ?
why is christian aid willing to help [help] linking ?

Each link is unique . Those that Christian Aid is willing to help facilitate would involve at least some of the following :
each link is unique . those that christian aid is willing to help [help] would involve at least some of the following :

Organisation of resources to facilitate student-centred learning in and out of college .
organisation of resources to [help] student-centred learning in and out of college .

Because this study was designed to facilitate the interpretation of recognition results a fundamental distinction was made between information which would be shared by all exemplars of a particular junction ( fixed information ) and that which could potentially differ between exemplars ( variable information ) , the assumption was that the fixed information would be relatively unimportant to recognition performance .
because this study was designed to [help] the interpretation of recognition results a fundamental distinction was made between information which would be shared by all exemplars of a particular junction ( fixed information ) and that which could potentially differ between exemplars ( variable information ) , the assumption was that the fixed information would be relatively unimportant to recognition performance .

The strengthening of seminar groups raises the possibility that these multidisciplinary programmes might facilitate the spread of paradigm shifts in the earth sciences ; and should also be used as an underpinning structure for project-based research in applied earth sciences .
the strengthening of seminar groups raises the possibility that these multidisciplinary programmes might [help] the spread of paradigm shifts in the earth sciences ; and should also be used as an underpinning structure for project-based research in applied earth sciences .

This is not to say that at some point such studies may not eventually facilitate or enter into explanations of a traditional theoretical kind , but this is not their point .
this is not to say that at some point such studies may not eventually [help] or enter into explanations of a traditional theoretical kind , but this is not their point .

The only way forward was to develop the tools of empirical research , measurement scales to facilitate the description , aggregation and comparison of data ; to provide good , solidly based findings on the lines just sketched .
the only way forward was to develop the tools of empirical research , measurement scales to [help] the description , aggregation and comparison of data ; to provide good , solidly based findings on the lines just sketched .

The resolution also called on the governments of Guatemala and El Salvador to support the process of national reconciliation in their countries , and appealed to the international community `` to facilitate the process of peace and democratization `` in Central America .
the resolution also called on the governments of guatemala and el salvador to support the process of national reconciliation in their countries , and appealed to the international community `` to [help] the process of peace and democratization `` in central america .

Stefanos Manos remained at the National Economy Ministry , but now assumed responsibility for Finance also , in a move to facilitate the process of economic reform .
stefanos manos remained at the national economy ministry , but now assumed responsibility for finance also , in a move to [help] the process of economic reform .

Ethiopian transitional government representative Lencho Leta told the rally in Asmara on Sept. 1 that a standing committee on Eritrea formed recently by Ethiopia 's Council of Representatives was on a fact-finding mission in Eritrea " to facilitate a good interaction between the two peoples " .
ethiopian transitional government representative lencho leta told the rally in asmara on sept. 1 that a standing committee on eritrea formed recently by ethiopia 's council of representatives was on a fact-finding mission in eritrea " to [help] a good interaction between the two peoples " .

Foreign relations were dominated by ( i ) efforts to mediate a peaceful resolution of the Gulf conflict [ see pp. 37641 ; 37758 ; 37943 ; 37983 ] ; ( ii ) relations with the United States [ see pp. 37518-19 ; 38320-21 ] ; and ( iii ) a campaign for substantial Western economic aid to facilitate the reform and recovery of the Soviet economy [ see pp. 38272 ; 38321 ] .
foreign relations were dominated by ( i ) efforts to mediate a peaceful resolution of the gulf conflict [ see pp. 37641 ; 37758 ; 37943 ; 37983 ] ; ( ii ) relations with the united states [ see pp. 37518-19 ; 38320-21 ] ; and ( iii ) a campaign for substantial western economic aid to [help] the reform and recovery of the soviet economy [ see pp. 38272 ; 38321 ] .

On June 5 , the Slovenian Assembly passed the last of the key laws to facilitate " the takeover of actual power " and Radio Ljubljana began a three-day presentation on the Slovenian independence process in which the Slovenian government participated .
on june 5 , the slovenian assembly passed the last of the key laws to [help] " the takeover of actual power " and radio ljubljana began a three-day presentation on the slovenian independence process in which the slovenian government participated .

The more tangible results of the summit included agreements ( i ) to set up a common fund to promote the welfare of threatened indigenous populations ; and ( ii ) to establish an Ibero-American Chamber of Commerce designed to facilitate regional trade .
the more tangible results of the summit included agreements ( i ) to set up a common fund to promote the welfare of threatened indigenous populations ; and ( ii ) to establish an ibero-american chamber of commerce designed to [help] regional trade .

It would also facilitate the devolution of power to the regions .
it would also [help] the devolution of power to the regions .

New mechanisms to facilitate contact between Taiwan and the mainland were created in 1990 .
new mechanisms to [help] contact between taiwan and the mainland were created in 1990 .

North Korean Prime Minister Yon Hyong Muk and his South Korean counterpart Chung Won Shik signed three agreements — on non-aggression , reconciliation and exchange — which were designed to facilitate the implementation of the inter-Korean reconciliation pact signed in late 1991 [ see pp .
north korean prime minister yon hyong muk and his south korean counterpart chung won shik signed three agreements — on non-aggression , reconciliation and exchange — which were designed to [help] the implementation of the inter-korean reconciliation pact signed in late 1991 [ see pp .

It provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of Cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of Russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of Russia 's radio-electronic centre in Cuba , primarily to facilitate diplomatic traffic to North America and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of Russian components and spare parts for existing Cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of Russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the Cuban Juraga nuclear power plant halted in September [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly France ) be agreed by Feb. 1 , 1993 .
it provided for ( i ) the barter , on the basis of world prices , of 1,000,000 tonnes of cuban raw sugar for 1,600,000 tonnes of russian oil in 1993 ; ( ii ) the preservation of russia 's radio-electronic centre in cuba , primarily to [help] diplomatic traffic to north america and with its intelligence functions `` minimized `` ; ( iii ) the supply of russian components and spare parts for existing cuban weapons but an end to the export of new types of russian weapons ; and ( iv ) the resumption of the construction of the cuban juraga nuclear power plant halted in september [ see p. 39090 ] , on the condition that the involvement of a third partner ( possibly france ) be agreed by feb. 1 , 1993 .

Properties and bank accounts used for laundering guerrilla funds would be confiscated , with bank secrecy laws lifted in order to facilitate investigation .
properties and bank accounts used for laundering guerrilla funds would be confiscated , with bank secrecy laws lifted in order to [help] investigation .

In an attempt to facilitate the implementation of the national recovery plan the President merged the Finance and the Planning and Economic Development Ministries , with Joshua Mayanja-Nkangi ( the Planning and Economic Development Minister ) at its head ; the Finance Minister , Crispus Kiyonga , was dismissed .
in an attempt to [help] the implementation of the national recovery plan the president merged the finance and the planning and economic development ministries , with joshua mayanja-nkangi ( the planning and economic development minister ) at its head ; the finance minister , crispus kiyonga , was dismissed .

The role of the advisers was to `` facilitate mutual understanding `` between China and Hong Kong and to reflect the views of the people of Hong Kong .
the role of the advisers was to `` [help] mutual understanding `` between china and hong kong and to reflect the views of the people of hong kong .

He foresaw the Baltic region as a `` region within the European Communities `` and said that regional co-operation would `` facilitate the linkages of the European Communities with the non-member countries of the region `` .
he foresaw the baltic region as a `` region within the european communities `` and said that regional co-operation would `` [help] the linkages of the european communities with the non-member countries of the region `` .

If a pupil is to enter the mind and feelings of more than one person in the past then classroom activities must be designed to facilitate and promote this .
if a pupil is to enter the mind and feelings of more than one person in the past then classroom activities must be designed to [help] and promote this .

To facilitate the dissemination of information about the work of the Enterprise Centre a network of Enterprise Co-ordinators has been established .
to [help] the dissemination of information about the work of the enterprise centre a network of enterprise co-ordinators has been established .

Objective — Facilitate and support student initiated enterprise activities
objective — [help] and support student initiated enterprise activities

Further , as Norman Ginsburg in Class , Capital and Social Policy ( Macmillan : 1979 ) suggests , the role of land law is primarily `` to facilitate the process of realisation of surplus value for the builder and the process of exchange for the consumer `` ( p. 129 ) .
further , as norman ginsburg in class , capital and social policy ( macmillan : 1979 ) suggests , the role of land law is primarily `` to [help] the process of realisation of surplus value for the builder and the process of exchange for the consumer `` ( p. 129 ) .

For those who argue that the 1925 legislation represents a series of reforms in order to facilitate conveyancing the foundation of the legislation lies in s. 1 , Law of Property Act , where Parliament reduced the number of estates and interests capable of existing at law :
for those who argue that the 1925 legislation represents a series of reforms in order to [help] conveyancing the foundation of the legislation lies in s. 1 , law of property act , where parliament reduced the number of estates and interests capable of existing at law :

Neither the precise purpose nor the duration of this move are clear , but it was probably largely intended to provide an interim military government , facilitate the collection of taxation , give Cnut 's chief supporters the impression that their efforts were proving worthwhile , and hold the country down .
neither the precise purpose nor the duration of this move are clear , but it was probably largely intended to provide an interim military government , [help] the collection of taxation , give cnut 's chief supporters the impression that their efforts were proving worthwhile , and hold the country down .

His routines were organized so as to facilitate this intellectual process : weekends were reserved for Colombey , where he could take long walks and mull over problems ; workday schedules at the Elysée were strictly adhered to ; he insisted on absolute punctuality and an atmosphere of unruffled calm .
his routines were organized so as to [help] this intellectual process : weekends were reserved for colombey , where he could take long walks and mull over problems ; workday schedules at the elysée were strictly adhered to ; he insisted on absolute punctuality and an atmosphere of unruffled calm .

They may also wish to facilitate the restructuring and adapting of industry to changing conditions and markets .
they may also wish to [help] the restructuring and adapting of industry to changing conditions and markets .

2 To facilitate learning of student names , alphabetical seating arrangements might be desirable .
2 to [help] learning of student names , alphabetical seating arrangements might be desirable .

This decided us on a bold move to facilitate loading .
this decided us on a bold move to [help] loading .

To facilitate the sorting and parcelling of seizures , we had piles of cigarettes , tobacco and spirits spread around the deck and on the quayside which we would never have dared to attempt in any other place .
to [help] the sorting and parcelling of seizures , we had piles of cigarettes , tobacco and spirits spread around the deck and on the quayside which we would never have dared to attempt in any other place .

Another concern which has been raised about the validity of intraluminal recordings is that the bowel evacuation which is used to facilitate placing the probe may alter contractile patterns .
another concern which has been raised about the validity of intraluminal recordings is that the bowel evacuation which is used to [help] placing the probe may alter contractile patterns .

Access to a person with professional skills in the field of occupational health can be invaluable , and should ensure the maintenance of up-to-date policies and procedures and facilitate safe and effective follow-up of immunisation and of sharps injuries and other exposure incidents .
access to a person with professional skills in the field of occupational health can be invaluable , and should ensure the maintenance of up-to-date policies and procedures and [help] safe and effective follow-up of immunisation and of sharps injuries and other exposure incidents .

The development of a simple method of gall bladder cell culture from a readily accessble source will facilitate the study of several aspects of the gall bladder epithelial cell function and in particular the regulation of ion transport and hydrogen ion secretion , identification and cloning of the several antiport systems and channels operating on the cell membrane , regulation of mucin secretion and prostaglandin metabolism , and will enhance the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of gall bladder disorders .
the development of a simple method of gall bladder cell culture from a readily accessble source will [help] the study of several aspects of the gall bladder epithelial cell function and in particular the regulation of ion transport and hydrogen ion secretion , identification and cloning of the several antiport systems and channels operating on the cell membrane , regulation of mucin secretion and prostaglandin metabolism , and will enhance the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms of gall bladder disorders .

Essential metal ions are required in the gut not only for nutrition but also for the integrity of the mucosa ; zinc , for instance , can facilitate the healing of gastric ulcers .
essential metal ions are required in the gut not only for nutrition but also for the integrity of the mucosa ; zinc , for instance , can [help] the healing of gastric ulcers .

Weaker iron binding ligands within gastric juice such as citrate , or even the iron colloid binding glycoprotein ‘ gastroferrin ' , may facilitate transfer of some iron into the stomach .
weaker iron binding ligands within gastric juice such as citrate , or even the iron colloid binding glycoprotein ‘ gastroferrin ' , may [help] transfer of some iron into the stomach .

Thus , concentrations of zinc and copper may not correlate with concentrations of protons because the pH could have two opposing effects — it could facilitate the transfer of zinc and copper into gastric juice at a high pH but then only release them from mucus at low pH .
thus , concentrations of zinc and copper may not correlate with concentrations of protons because the ph could have two opposing effects — it could [help] the transfer of zinc and copper into gastric juice at a high ph but then only release them from mucus at low ph .

Furthermore , it would greatly facilitate research and clinical management of such patients if there was a means of identifying them , more widely available and less technically demanding than computerised image analysis .
furthermore , it would greatly [help] research and clinical management of such patients if there was a means of identifying them , more widely available and less technically demanding than computerised image analysis .

Similar studies of intestinal antibodies might facilitate the detection of latent coeliac disease in other situations .
similar studies of intestinal antibodies might [help] the detection of latent coeliac disease in other situations .

Our success in securing long term contracts during 1992 allowed the company to increase staff training programmes and a new training centre was opened to facilitate these initiatives .
our success in securing long term contracts during 1992 allowed the company to increase staff training programmes and a new training centre was opened to [help] these initiatives .

Like with the previous meeting , the accountability aspect of the appraisal seemed to be underplayed and the governors considered the appraisal from the perspective of trying to bring about improvements in the school , and to make a special case to the authority to facilitate improvement by making available additional resources .
like with the previous meeting , the accountability aspect of the appraisal seemed to be underplayed and the governors considered the appraisal from the perspective of trying to bring about improvements in the school , and to make a special case to the authority to [help] improvement by making available additional resources .

lack of time and money to facilitate change ;
lack of time and money to [help] change ;

Anna stayed in the paddock , and her only contact with people was when she was chased into a yard and chute for worming and branding , or else had two legs at a time strapped up to facilitate an occasional trimming of her hooves .
anna stayed in the paddock , and her only contact with people was when she was chased into a yard and chute for worming and branding , or else had two legs at a time strapped up to [help] an occasional trimming of her hooves .

One of the most useful things we can do is to find out from people what they would really like to happen and try to facilitate this .
one of the most useful things we can do is to find out from people what they would really like to happen and try to [help] this .

‘ We call for a priority to be given immediately to new legislation which will actively facilitate the re-entry into our society of those at present disadvantaged within it . ’
‘ we call for a priority to be given immediately to new legislation which will actively [help] the re-entry into our society of those at present disadvantaged within it . ’

After the First World War Letters of Credit became commonplace as payment instruments to facilitate international trade .
after the first world war letters of credit became commonplace as payment instruments to [help] international trade .

This will facilitate the integration of spending and revenue-raising , a measure we have long advocated .
this will [help] the integration of spending and revenue-raising , a measure we have long advocated .

They can then be referred to and used as a tool to facilitate such activities as decision making , monitoring and evaluation .
they can then be referred to and used as a tool to [help] such activities as decision making , monitoring and evaluation .

The reader may like to reflect on his/her own planning approach and assess its validity by comparing it with the following checklist of factors which facilitate effective planning .
the reader may like to reflect on his/her own planning approach and assess its validity by comparing it with the following checklist of factors which [help] effective planning .

Rational approaches are based on the assumption that organisations have clear objectives and resource allocation is organised in a systematic way to facilitate the achievement of those objectives .
rational approaches are based on the assumption that organisations have clear objectives and resource allocation is organised in a systematic way to [help] the achievement of those objectives .

These skills not only facilitate the functioning of the team but the training process itself becomes a team maintenance activity .
these skills not only [help] the functioning of the team but the training process itself becomes a team maintenance activity .

No amount of leadership , motivation or team development will work unless the school is structured in such a way as to support , reinforce and facilitate the development of people .
no amount of leadership , motivation or team development will work unless the school is structured in such a way as to support , reinforce and [help] the development of people .

Does the structure facilitate development ? To what extent is the structure capable of change , adaptation and development , allowing for individual development and sensitivity to the external environment ?
does the structure [help] development ? to what extent is the structure capable of change , adaptation and development , allowing for individual development and sensitivity to the external environment ?

Recognising that management structures and procedures exist to facilitate action and are not ends in themselves .
recognising that management structures and procedures exist to [help] action and are not ends in themselves .

We will increase the number of homes for rent by establishing a Housing Bank to facilitate the balanced use of councils ' capital receipts and offer investment capital at attractive rates of interest .
we will increase the number of homes for rent by establishing a housing bank to [help] the balanced use of councils ' capital receipts and offer investment capital at attractive rates of interest .

We will encourage the young to become involved and will facilitate access for the disabled .
we will encourage the young to become involved and will [help] access for the disabled .

All local dust , dirt and rubbish should be cleared away , partly to remove conditions congenial to the beetles but also to facilitate treatment with insecticide .
all local dust , dirt and rubbish should be cleared away , partly to remove conditions congenial to the beetles but also to [help] treatment with insecticide .

When we used the barrel of the gun , it was to facilitate the end which was the ballot box .
when we used the barrel of the gun , it was to [help] the end which was the ballot box .

Some of these contacts are conspired in order to facilitate crime prevention , this being particularly evident in visiting young offenders in local authority homes or shopping centres to ward off shoplifters .
some of these contacts are conspired in order to [help] crime prevention , this being particularly evident in visiting young offenders in local authority homes or shopping centres to ward off shoplifters .

He was responsible for a major reform of Government administration , including a new public service act , which helped to facilitate the rapid localisation of the civil service .
he was responsible for a major reform of government administration , including a new public service act , which helped to [help] the rapid localisation of the civil service .

To cater for the expanding coaching trade , many inns erected large carriage entrance on the street front and stables at the rear to facilitate the changing and housing of horses .
to cater for the expanding coaching trade , many inns erected large carriage entrance on the street front and stables at the rear to [help] the changing and housing of horses .

He does , however , remember the yardstick or strap which was then used to facilitate good conduct and discipline by the teachers . )
he does , however , remember the yardstick or strap which was then used to [help] good conduct and discipline by the teachers . )

Her reproductive role at this stage is simply to receive the male ejaculate containing the sperms , and to this end , during the period of sexual excitement before intercourse , various glands secrete mucus to aid lubrication and facilitate the insertion of the erect penis into the vagina .
her reproductive role at this stage is simply to receive the male ejaculate containing the sperms , and to this end , during the period of sexual excitement before intercourse , various glands secrete mucus to aid lubrication and [help] the insertion of the erect penis into the vagina .

To facilitate this examination , the woman lies on her back with her legs raised towards her chin and the knees or ankles supported .
to [help] this examination , the woman lies on her back with her legs raised towards her chin and the knees or ankles supported .

The countryside has been buried under layers of concrete to facilitate its movement in ever greater numbers .
the countryside has been buried under layers of concrete to [help] its movement in ever greater numbers .

Built next to the station , with direct access from it and with rooms at economical prices , it was a deliberate attempt by the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to facilitate the development of the resort .
built next to the station , with direct access from it and with rooms at economical prices , it was a deliberate attempt by the stockton and darlington railway company to [help] the development of the resort .

An armoured car obligingly shines its headlamps to facilitate a brief inspection by 20 people or so , soon cut short on the instructions of an officer .
an armoured car obligingly shines its headlamps to [help] a brief inspection by 20 people or so , soon cut short on the instructions of an officer .

The kick-off had to be delayed because of a motorway accident , which left a decimated attendance of 31,000 in spite of a delayed start to facilitate the inconvenienced .
the kick-off had to be delayed because of a motorway accident , which left a decimated attendance of 31,000 in spite of a delayed start to [help] the inconvenienced .

The kick-off had to be delayed because of a motorway accident , which left a decimated attendance of 31,000 in spite of a delayed start to facilitate the inconvenienced .
the kick-off had to be delayed because of a motorway accident , which left a decimated attendance of 31,000 in spite of a delayed start to [help] the inconvenienced .

By bringing restricted , council and ‘ free ’ rents closer together , it will also facilitate exchanges .
by bringing restricted , council and ‘ free ’ rents closer together , it will also [help] exchanges .

As an unknown you ca n't rely on the first , and very likely have no hip London friends or business connections to facilitate the second .
as an unknown you ca n't rely on the first , and very likely have no hip london friends or business connections to [help] the second .

The main new initiative attempted by Callaghan was the dispatch of the much-respected former Cabinet minister , Cledwyn Hughes , to southern Africa in 1978 , partly to facilitate a continuing rapport with the Carter administration in Washington on relations with the illegal Smith regime .
the main new initiative attempted by callaghan was the dispatch of the much-respected former cabinet minister , cledwyn hughes , to southern africa in 1978 , partly to [help] a continuing rapport with the carter administration in washington on relations with the illegal smith regime .

Because of this , political ideas in class societies , ideas such as the sovereignty of the State and the particular idea of justice embodied in law , are all manifestations of the imposition of the consciousness of the dominant class , because they facilitate and hide class exploitation .
because of this , political ideas in class societies , ideas such as the sovereignty of the state and the particular idea of justice embodied in law , are all manifestations of the imposition of the consciousness of the dominant class , because they [help] and hide class exploitation .

Glaxo Group Research has a range of policies to provide support to , and facilitate the easier return to work of , women who have been on maternity leave .
glaxo group research has a range of policies to provide support to , and [help] the easier return to work of , women who have been on maternity leave .

To facilitate democratic tourism it is essential for governments and regional authorities to collaborate with local people in ensuring that the services and infrastructure , by way of roads , electrification , water supply and especially promotional assistance are provided .
to [help] democratic tourism it is essential for governments and regional authorities to collaborate with local people in ensuring that the services and infrastructure , by way of roads , electrification , water supply and especially promotional assistance are provided .

Though the early stages of cognitive therapy are primarily behavioural , one often has to introduce cognitive material in order to facilitate tasks .
though the early stages of cognitive therapy are primarily behavioural , one often has to introduce cognitive material in order to [help] tasks .

These are swivel-mounted to facilitate cornering , and a constant working depth is maintained by a hydraulic accumulator , whose pressure is set by a hydraulic handpump .
these are swivel-mounted to [help] cornering , and a constant working depth is maintained by a hydraulic accumulator , whose pressure is set by a hydraulic handpump .

Modern surveying equipment such as Electronic Distance Measurement devices greatly facilitate this , not least because of their ability to store survey readings on data loggers , small electronic devices that record a large number of readings in a form that can later be easily transferred to a personal computer ( fig .
modern surveying equipment such as electronic distance measurement devices greatly [help] this , not least because of their ability to store survey readings on data loggers , small electronic devices that record a large number of readings in a form that can later be easily transferred to a personal computer ( fig .

This is sometimes used in mechanised cleaning where a cold water rinse can facilitate the removal of detergent from a system .
this is sometimes used in mechanised cleaning where a cold water rinse can [help] the removal of detergent from a system .

Safe : Distribution systems need to be safe in their own right and to facilitate or even promote safe working as far as possible .
safe : distribution systems need to be safe in their own right and to [help] or even promote safe working as far as possible .

This created a tendency for the administrator to facilitate the flow of benefits which the state frequently confers upon private enterprise to private businessmen for a return , and , indeed , involve himself in a variety of legal and illegal activities for which the post of senior government servant is advantageous .
this created a tendency for the administrator to [help] the flow of benefits which the state frequently confers upon private enterprise to private businessmen for a return , and , indeed , involve himself in a variety of legal and illegal activities for which the post of senior government servant is advantageous .

It is to facilitate the translation of the dramas of sub-conversation and activity below the surface of consciousness that she abandons the conventions of linear narrative , normal chronology , plot and characterization .
it is to [help] the translation of the dramas of sub-conversation and activity below the surface of consciousness that she abandons the conventions of linear narrative , normal chronology , plot and characterization .

Its call to Israel to facilitate repatriation or compensation was an affirmation of the human rights of the situation , but did not reflect the pragmatic expectation .
its call to israel to [help] repatriation or compensation was an affirmation of the human rights of the situation , but did not reflect the pragmatic expectation .

In 1968 Israel allowed Jordan to establish a Council of West Bank Chambers of Commerce , to facilitate the export of Palestinian goods across the open bridge .
in 1968 israel allowed jordan to establish a council of west bank chambers of commerce , to [help] the export of palestinian goods across the open bridge .

Gibson ( 1940 ) also assumed that stimulus differentiation , once it had occurred , would transfer to and facilitate performance on a new task involving the same stimuli .
gibson ( 1940 ) also assumed that stimulus differentiation , once it had occurred , would transfer to and [help] performance on a new task involving the same stimuli .

In much the same way , a good dose of inflation is needed now to facilitate the adjustment to higher taxes .
in much the same way , a good dose of inflation is needed now to [help] the adjustment to higher taxes .

International Paint 's well-established Jet-Dry Japlac now also comes in a handy aerosol to complement the existing range of standard cans , available in 750ml , 500ml , 250ml , and 125ml sizes , and to facilitate application in awkward areas , or where speed and convenience are prime considerations .
international paint 's well-established jet-dry japlac now also comes in a handy aerosol to complement the existing range of standard cans , available in 750ml , 500ml , 250ml , and 125ml sizes , and to [help] application in awkward areas , or where speed and convenience are prime considerations .

These are to facilitate the winding of the pickup coils .
these are to [help] the winding of the pickup coils .

Since testing is typically used not to facilitate treatment of addicted workers but to sack them — a process sardonically referred to as ‘ dismissal therapy ’ — the upshot could be a ‘ recriminalisation ’ of addiction .
since testing is typically used not to [help] treatment of addicted workers but to sack them — a process sardonically referred to as ‘ dismissal therapy ’ — the upshot could be a ‘ recriminalisation ’ of addiction .

The result was a period of internal instability which did nothing to facilitate the attempts which were being made to strengthen France 's external position by a policy of military reform and rearmament .
the result was a period of internal instability which did nothing to [help] the attempts which were being made to strengthen france 's external position by a policy of military reform and rearmament .

They should learn to use writing to facilitate their own thinking and learning , recognising that not all written work will lead to a polished , final product .
they should learn to use writing to [help] their own thinking and learning , recognising that not all written work will lead to a polished , final product .

This may be to facilitate assembly .
this may be to [help] assembly .

He contests that petty commodity production is a separate mode of production from the capitalist one , but that it articulates with it to facilitate the expanded reproduction of the capitalist mode ( Quijano 1974 ) .
he contests that petty commodity production is a separate mode of production from the capitalist one , but that it articulates with it to [help] the expanded reproduction of the capitalist mode ( quijano 1974 ) .

One particularly interesting example is Kleinig 's conception of consent as ‘ an act in which one person tends to facilitate the initiative of another ’ in a manner which makes him a participant in that initiative who shares responsibility for it .
one particularly interesting example is kleinig 's conception of consent as ‘ an act in which one person tends to [help] the initiative of another ’ in a manner which makes him a participant in that initiative who shares responsibility for it .

He conveys with a sure sense of atmosphere and detail the satisfaction of getting a job done , the feeling of being within a tradition of a long line of settlers of the land , and the sheer hard work which that entails : from persuading recalcitrant committees to support his endeavours to the literally back-breaking labour of dragging obstinate lumps of bog oak out of the peat to facilitate ploughing .
he conveys with a sure sense of atmosphere and detail the satisfaction of getting a job done , the feeling of being within a tradition of a long line of settlers of the land , and the sheer hard work which that entails : from persuading recalcitrant committees to support his endeavours to the literally back-breaking labour of dragging obstinate lumps of bog oak out of the peat to [help] ploughing .

Sometimes a grammar school and a secondary modern school were located close to one another , even on the same ‘ campus ’ , in order to facilitate the sharing of resources , or the movement of pupils from one to the other .
sometimes a grammar school and a secondary modern school were located close to one another , even on the same ‘ campus ’ , in order to [help] the sharing of resources , or the movement of pupils from one to the other .

It may mean that a neonatal intensive care unit , after careful reflection , rather than emotional appeals and ‘ shroud-waving ’ , may have to give way to a number of other services , relating , for example , to the mentally ill , all of which can be financed for the cost of one such unit , which , in combination , will facilitate a measure of improvement in the patients ' conditions and their integration into society .
it may mean that a neonatal intensive care unit , after careful reflection , rather than emotional appeals and ‘ shroud-waving ’ , may have to give way to a number of other services , relating , for example , to the mentally ill , all of which can be financed for the cost of one such unit , which , in combination , will [help] a measure of improvement in the patients ' conditions and their integration into society .

Meanwhile , there were other incentive schemes — Enterprise Zones , for example , and simplified Planning Zones , which aimed to lift tax and planning ‘ barriers ’ in order to facilitate investment .
meanwhile , there were other incentive schemes — enterprise zones , for example , and simplified planning zones , which aimed to lift tax and planning ‘ barriers ’ in order to [help] investment .

It can not be stressed too strongly that the police in a democracy have a positive duty to facilitate the enjoyment of freedoms .
it can not be stressed too strongly that the police in a democracy have a positive duty to [help] the enjoyment of freedoms .

The speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all facilitate the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .
the speed of computers , their capacity to store , combine , retrieve and transfer data , their flexibility and the low unit cost of the work they do , all [help] the establishment and maintenance of ever more extensive record systems , retaining more and more data , which is easily and quickly accessible from many distant points .

Put crudely , state intervention in contemporary urban Britain ( and America ) is justifiable only to facilitate market led growth .
put crudely , state intervention in contemporary urban britain ( and america ) is justifiable only to [help] market led growth .

The second point is best captured in Peter Hall 's 1982 defence of the enterprise zone model of urban policy , when , perhaps inadvertently , he called for the state to facilitate multinational corporations , ‘ doing in Liverpool what they already do in Singapore or Mexican border cities ’ ( 1982 , p418 ) .
the second point is best captured in peter hall 's 1982 defence of the enterprise zone model of urban policy , when , perhaps inadvertently , he called for the state to [help] multinational corporations , ‘ doing in liverpool what they already do in singapore or mexican border cities ’ ( 1982 , p418 ) .

The bulk of government investment was made to facilitate property purchase , considered by the programme implementers as the most effective way to stabilise the area .
the bulk of government investment was made to [help] property purchase , considered by the programme implementers as the most effective way to stabilise the area .

The Working Party on Training emphasized the importance of identifying training needs , and produced a comprehensive checklist and analysis chart to facilitate this :
the working party on training emphasized the importance of identifying training needs , and produced a comprehensive checklist and analysis chart to [help] this :

To facilitate the training of the trainers .
to [help] the training of the trainers .

To facilitate the shared use , provision and production of training materials as required .
to [help] the shared use , provision and production of training materials as required .

However , it is possible to come to grips with the key factors to facilitate meaningful negotiation .
however , it is possible to come to grips with the key factors to [help] meaningful negotiation .

Hinged doors opening outwards from floor level facilitate easy cleaning and the hutch must be constructed to stand off the floor , preferably on legs , to ensure that urine and surplus drinking water drain away easily so that the floor remains dry .
hinged doors opening outwards from floor level [help] easy cleaning and the hutch must be constructed to stand off the floor , preferably on legs , to ensure that urine and surplus drinking water drain away easily so that the floor remains dry .

Of course , it is equally important for your therapist to feel at ease with you , to facilitate an exchange of energies , as it were .
of course , it is equally important for your therapist to feel at ease with you , to [help] an exchange of energies , as it were .

Whatever kind of mix you use to facilitate rapid dispersing when it sinks , thrown bait will not spread anywhere near as efficiently as a loose feed which can be spread accurately from a boat .
whatever kind of mix you use to [help] rapid dispersing when it sinks , thrown bait will not spread anywhere near as efficiently as a loose feed which can be spread accurately from a boat .

The profession accepts a responsibility to encourage and facilitate the self-realisation of each individual person with due regard for the interest of others .
the profession accepts a responsibility to encourage and [help] the self-realisation of each individual person with due regard for the interest of others .

According to the Department of Employment , ‘ the Redundancy Payments Act of 1965 was designed to aid labour market flexibility and facilitate transfer between declining and growing sectors of industry .
according to the department of employment , ‘ the redundancy payments act of 1965 was designed to aid labour market flexibility and [help] transfer between declining and growing sectors of industry .

Moreover library procedures are generally designed to facilitate the addition of books , rather than their withdrawal .
moreover library procedures are generally designed to [help] the addition of books , rather than their withdrawal .

In 1925 a more direct line was constructed to facilitate the new road and obviate the Rossall curve , which was the scene of many dewirements in high winds .
in 1925 a more direct line was constructed to [help] the new road and obviate the rossall curve , which was the scene of many dewirements in high winds .

An imposing entrance for this was built at the end of Kirby Road , and the inspection pits were only half the length of the depot to facilitate displays .
an imposing entrance for this was built at the end of kirby road , and the inspection pits were only half the length of the depot to [help] displays .

This never materialised , and the pits were extended in post-war years to facilitate routine inspections .
this never materialised , and the pits were extended in post-war years to [help] routine inspections .

Thirty years on , Lord Street track is relaid again : this time the tram service is suspended at Ash Street to facilitate progress , and buses carry the passengers to the Ferry .
thirty years on , lord street track is relaid again : this time the tram service is suspended at ash street to [help] progress , and buses carry the passengers to the ferry .

To facilitate the efficient transport of granite from his quarries to the waiting canal barges at Teigngrace , Templer built a tramway , using long shaped blocks of his own granite to form the rails .
to [help] the efficient transport of granite from his quarries to the waiting canal barges at teigngrace , templer built a tramway , using long shaped blocks of his own granite to form the rails .

Imaginative use of the sorting and report facilities of a flat-file database can facilitate the analysis process .
imaginative use of the sorting and report facilities of a flat-file database can [help] the analysis process .

The management of business at meetings must facilitate the contribution of all members .
the management of business at meetings must [help] the contribution of all members .

One approach that seems appealing at a common-sense level is to facilitate the evolution of natural groups of clinicians who work together because their specialities and interests are common .
one approach that seems appealing at a common-sense level is to [help] the evolution of natural groups of clinicians who work together because their specialities and interests are common .

Nevertheless , some sort of classificatory scheme to group patient types seems to be essential . In essence , such schemes should facilitate the following positive aspects :
nevertheless , some sort of classificatory scheme to group patient types seems to be essential . in essence , such schemes should [help] the following positive aspects :

The occult views yoga as a system of mind-control , and the postures adopted are to facilitate certain types of breathing to help the practitioner get in union with the force .
the occult views yoga as a system of mind-control , and the postures adopted are to [help] certain types of breathing to help the practitioner get in union with the force .

Some see the ouija board as a ‘ machine ’ to facilitate this process .
some see the ouija board as a ‘ machine ’ to [help] this process .

The consolidation of Europe after 1992 into a coherent socio-economic unit will facilitate the process of defining the relationship between mission and vision .
the consolidation of europe after 1992 into a coherent socio-economic unit will [help] the process of defining the relationship between mission and vision .

The intention is to facilitate better communication and a greater sense of ownership and sharing .
the intention is to [help] better communication and a greater sense of ownership and sharing .

The results show that simply conjoining characters with and serves to facilitate plural reference relative to the ‘ with ’ condition , although this tendency is only a relative facilitation : under no condition does the proportion of plural reference get as high as 60 % .
the results show that simply conjoining characters with and serves to [help] plural reference relative to the ‘ with ’ condition , although this tendency is only a relative facilitation : under no condition does the proportion of plural reference get as high as 60 % .

As we have seen , congruence with ‘ verb bias ’ can facilitate role mapping directly , but it can only facilitate name mapping indirectly .
as we have seen , congruence with ‘ verb bias ’ can [help] role mapping directly , but it can only [help] name mapping indirectly .

‘ The persistent concern to increase councillor calibre through reorganization ’ , he says , ‘ makes it equally clear that the essential object of reorganization has been to make local government more functional for dominant interests , by restructuring it so as to facilitate their direct control of its expenditure and interventions ’ ( 1979 , p. 245 ) .
‘ the persistent concern to increase councillor calibre through reorganization ’ , he says , ‘ makes it equally clear that the essential object of reorganization has been to make local government more functional for dominant interests , by restructuring it so as to [help] their direct control of its expenditure and interventions ’ ( 1979 , p. 245 ) .

These smaller meetings will facilitate participation by all staff .
these smaller meetings will [help] participation by all staff .

It is independent of the application and it should facilitate explanations , i.e .
it is independent of the application and it should [help] explanations , i.e .

The received wisdom of biochemistry is that active sites in complex enzymes are close to one another , so as to facilitate the movement of intermediate structures among the active sites , rather like a production line in a factory .
the received wisdom of biochemistry is that active sites in complex enzymes are close to one another , so as to [help] the movement of intermediate structures among the active sites , rather like a production line in a factory .

The de Rosier team argue that this need not be true if an active site on one part of the molecule can affect other sites on the complex in such a way as to facilitate movement of intermediates between sites .
the de rosier team argue that this need not be true if an active site on one part of the molecule can affect other sites on the complex in such a way as to [help] movement of intermediates between sites .

The arrival of computer graphics will not only facilitate a wider access to geometry but will be , in an important sense , integral to doing geometry .
the arrival of computer graphics will not only [help] a wider access to geometry but will be , in an important sense , integral to doing geometry .

Secondly , although acupuncture does not tit readily into the currently available clinical trial models , there is no reason why such therapies can not be assessed within the context of clinical trials , by developing new trial methods to facilitate this assessment .
secondly , although acupuncture does not tit readily into the currently available clinical trial models , there is no reason why such therapies can not be assessed within the context of clinical trials , by developing new trial methods to [help] this assessment .

It bore the stamp of a charlatan ; apart from the hint that the fuel was lithium-6 , there was nothing at all to facilitate independent assessment of his ideas and results .
it bore the stamp of a charlatan ; apart from the hint that the fuel was lithium-6 , there was nothing at all to [help] independent assessment of his ideas and results .

And many predators like to grasp the prey by the head to facilitate swallowing .
and many predators like to grasp the prey by the head to [help] swallowing .

Despite this rather gloomy conclusion the project was far enough advanced by November 1984 for Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and President Francois Mitterand to meet at Rambouillet and reaffirm their willingness to facilitate a privately financed fixed link .
despite this rather gloomy conclusion the project was far enough advanced by november 1984 for prime minister margaret thatcher and president francois mitterand to meet at rambouillet and reaffirm their willingness to [help] a privately financed fixed link .

Although the recently announced European Air Traffic Control information system may facilitate the movement of aircraft across national boundaries , it can not create more airspace in the already crowded skies over southern England .
although the recently announced european air traffic control information system may [help] the movement of aircraft across national boundaries , it can not create more airspace in the already crowded skies over southern england .

Its specific demands include a second River Severn crossing to facilitate road access between London and Wales ; improved rail connections with major interchanges such as Crewe , Birmingham and Reading ; extra investment in regional freight terminals in addition to that already announced for Cardiff or Swansea ; improvements in tourist facilities ; and a strengthening of the Section 8 grant system .
its specific demands include a second river severn crossing to [help] road access between london and wales ; improved rail connections with major interchanges such as crewe , birmingham and reading ; extra investment in regional freight terminals in addition to that already announced for cardiff or swansea ; improvements in tourist facilities ; and a strengthening of the section 8 grant system .

As a practice grows its structure will need formalising to facilitate proper control .
as a practice grows its structure will need formalising to [help] proper control .

The use of temporary staff for some functions such as secretarial duties and drafting can facilitate the balance between peaks and troughs and , in some cases , subcontracting of the instruction ( or part of it ) may be possible , although this latter approach needs careful consideration and responsibility control .
the use of temporary staff for some functions such as secretarial duties and drafting can [help] the balance between peaks and troughs and , in some cases , subcontracting of the instruction ( or part of it ) may be possible , although this latter approach needs careful consideration and responsibility control .

Systems are required to facilitate progress monitoring .
systems are required to [help] progress monitoring .

Now the expression on Karen 's face as she lay beneath me , knees pulled up to her chin to facilitate maximum penetration , was of a recent convert taking communion .
now the expression on karen 's face as she lay beneath me , knees pulled up to her chin to [help] maximum penetration , was of a recent convert taking communion .

Wellcome will provide services for up to one year to facilitate Roussel Uclaf 's effective running of the business .
wellcome will provide services for up to one year to [help] roussel uclaf 's effective running of the business .

In places to which the public has right of access , save where the flow of information must be restricted by reason of confidentiality , members have an obligation to facilitate the flow of information and ideas and to protect and promote the rights of every individual to have free and equal access to sources of information without discrimination and within the limits of the law .
in places to which the public has right of access , save where the flow of information must be restricted by reason of confidentiality , members have an obligation to [help] the flow of information and ideas and to protect and promote the rights of every individual to have free and equal access to sources of information without discrimination and within the limits of the law .

The essential principle which lies behind the Code is that the professional librarian 's prime duty is to facilitate access to materials and information in order to meet the requirement of the client , irrespective of the librarian 's personal interests and views on the content of the material and the client 's requirement .
the essential principle which lies behind the code is that the professional librarian 's prime duty is to [help] access to materials and information in order to meet the requirement of the client , irrespective of the librarian 's personal interests and views on the content of the material and the client 's requirement .

Although the time she spends actively involved in teaching may be limited , she can , through her organisation of nursing care , facilitate teaching by others .
although the time she spends actively involved in teaching may be limited , she can , through her organisation of nursing care , [help] teaching by others .

As junior students may feel reluctant to ask questions , material must be presented clearly to facilitate understanding .
as junior students may feel reluctant to ask questions , material must be presented clearly to [help] understanding .

Within the constraints and limitations of the ward , the teacher can arrange and structure teaching to facilitate learning .
within the constraints and limitations of the ward , the teacher can arrange and structure teaching to [help] learning .

The closer one can get to reality , the easier the learning by the student , provided that the necessary knowledge has been given previously to facilitate comprehension .
the closer one can get to reality , the easier the learning by the student , provided that the necessary knowledge has been given previously to [help] comprehension .

There must not be any ambiguous steps in the sequence , since the understanding of each step must facilitate the learning of the next step .
there must not be any ambiguous steps in the sequence , since the understanding of each step must [help] the learning of the next step .

Does the attitude of the group facilitate discussion ? If not , why not ?
does the attitude of the group [help] discussion ? if not , why not ?

To facilitate this process , there is an increased range of Core Studies options .
to [help] this process , there is an increased range of core studies options .

This is likely to facilitate subsequent decision-making and can provide useful material for discussion at the next session .
this is likely to [help] subsequent decision-making and can provide useful material for discussion at the next session .

He may , for example , be aiming to help facilitate a patient 's grief reaction after a loss , such as the break-up of his marriage .
he may , for example , be aiming to help [help] a patient 's grief reaction after a loss , such as the break-up of his marriage .

Instead of issuing paper notes for each gold ( silver ) deposit , goldsmiths eventually provided depositors with passbooks and cheque books to facilitate debt settlement/payment by their customers to other parties .
instead of issuing paper notes for each gold ( silver ) deposit , goldsmiths eventually provided depositors with passbooks and cheque books to [help] debt settlement/payment by their customers to other parties .

No single world currency exists ( or is ever likely to exist ) to facilitate trade and financial flows although some do perform monetary functions outside their national boundaries .
no single world currency exists ( or is ever likely to exist ) to [help] trade and financial flows although some do perform monetary functions outside their national boundaries .

In Europe a number of countries participate in the European Monetary System which attempts to stabilise exchange rates and thereby facilitate trade and investment flows between trading partners .
in europe a number of countries participate in the european monetary system which attempts to stabilise exchange rates and thereby [help] trade and investment flows between trading partners .

In spite of increased overseas representation , correspondent banking relationships remain important as domestic branch networks of correspondents facilitate efficient global money transmission without which trade would be seriously inhibited .
in spite of increased overseas representation , correspondent banking relationships remain important as domestic branch networks of correspondents [help] efficient global money transmission without which trade would be seriously inhibited .

Diana Baumrind found that authoritative parents are most likely to facilitate the development of competence and self-reliance in young children by enhancing responsible , purposive and independent behaviour .
diana baumrind found that authoritative parents are most likely to [help] the development of competence and self-reliance in young children by enhancing responsible , purposive and independent behaviour .

In the first of the Planning Policy Guidance documents published in January 1988 the government stated that the planning system ‘ should be efficient , effective and simple in conception and operation to facilitate much needed development and to strike the right balance between that development and the interests of conservation .
in the first of the planning policy guidance documents published in january 1988 the government stated that the planning system ‘ should be efficient , effective and simple in conception and operation to [help] much needed development and to strike the right balance between that development and the interests of conservation .

In the developing world , plantation forestry is also increasing , though there are few data available which facilitate an assessment of environmental impact .
in the developing world , plantation forestry is also increasing , though there are few data available which [help] an assessment of environmental impact .

Indeed , this may grossly under-represent the present situation : the rapid spread of UNIX-based systems seems to facilitate competition and , at the time of writing , performance of workstations per unit cost seems to be increasing at about 50 per cent per annum .
indeed , this may grossly under-represent the present situation : the rapid spread of unix-based systems seems to [help] competition and , at the time of writing , performance of workstations per unit cost seems to be increasing at about 50 per cent per annum .

As we described in Chapter 4 , many have transformed their warehouses into modern distribution centers to facilitate the receipt and distribution of these smaller orders .
as we described in chapter 4 , many have transformed their warehouses into modern distribution centers to [help] the receipt and distribution of these smaller orders .

Treatment does not need to be sought actively to be effective.1 How-ever , motivation can facilitate treatment .
treatment does not need to be sought actively to be effective.1 how-ever , motivation can [help] treatment .

Interdisciplinary research is more likely to facilitate the development and implementation of emergency department interventions that work in the real world .
interdisciplinary research is more likely to [help] the development and implementation of emergency department interventions that work in the real world .

If a blood alcohol level is obtained to facilitate treatment of an illness or injury , it is not under special protection .
if a blood alcohol level is obtained to [help] treatment of an illness or injury , it is not under special protection .

Re-injury and readmission to an emergency or other medical setting is much greater for problem drinkers than for other emergency patients.12 It is clear from the literature that without some intervention that can facilitate enduring reductions in drinking , simply giving medical treatment alone to the problem drinker admitted to the emergency setting will not reduce the rates of re-admission or prevent re-injury related to alcohol consumption .
re-injury and readmission to an emergency or other medical setting is much greater for problem drinkers than for other emergency patients.12 it is clear from the literature that without some intervention that can [help] enduring reductions in drinking , simply giving medical treatment alone to the problem drinker admitted to the emergency setting will not reduce the rates of re-admission or prevent re-injury related to alcohol consumption .

How can emergency staff be trained to facilitate the screening and intervention ?
how can emergency staff be trained to [help] the screening and intervention ?

Serious logistical challenges remain in developing systems that facilitate the use of these techniques on a regular basis .
serious logistical challenges remain in developing systems that [help] the use of these techniques on a regular basis .

Tailored messaging systems have been found effective in the areas of depression , smoking cessation , dietary intake , and use of mammography.18 Other technologies that may be useful in the future include the use of interactive voice recognition ( IVR ) technology to facilitate screening , delivery of educational interventions , and follow-up of patient progress by telephone .
tailored messaging systems have been found effective in the areas of depression , smoking cessation , dietary intake , and use of mammography.18 other technologies that may be useful in the future include the use of interactive voice recognition ( ivr ) technology to [help] screening , delivery of educational interventions , and follow-up of patient progress by telephone .

IVR telephone availability 24 hours/day could facilitate follow-up of ED patients .
ivr telephone availability 24 hours/day could [help] follow-up of ed patients .

Factors to be explored range from practitioner behavior and practice guidelines to policy changes that are needed to facilitate implementation of screening and intervention in these settings .
factors to be explored range from practitioner behavior and practice guidelines to policy changes that are needed to [help] implementation of screening and intervention in these settings .

Mechanisms to facilitate the training of good researchers , particularly ones from emergency medicine , are needed and should be encouraged .
mechanisms to [help] the training of good researchers , particularly ones from emergency medicine , are needed and should be encouraged .

The visa function attempts to facilitate legitimate travel while at the same time denying entry to the United States of certain individuals , including potential terrorists .
the visa function attempts to [help] legitimate travel while at the same time denying entry to the united states of certain individuals , including potential terrorists .

In another example , we have recommended combining the Department of Justice 's Office of Domestic Preparedness with FEMA to improve coordination.14 A consolidated approach to many of these issues can facilitate a concerted and effective response to new threats and mission performance .
in another example , we have recommended combining the department of justice 's office of domestic preparedness with fema to improve coordination.14 a consolidated approach to many of these issues can [help] a concerted and effective response to new threats and mission performance .

As a result , it is important for the Congress to give serious consideration to creating a deputy secretary for management/chief operating officer ( COO ) position within the department to provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key infrastructure and stewardship issues while helping to facilitate the transition and transformation process .
as a result , it is important for the congress to give serious consideration to creating a deputy secretary for management/chief operating officer ( coo ) position within the department to provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key infrastructure and stewardship issues while helping to [help] the transition and transformation process .

Such a reorientation might facilitate the process of linking resource allocation to results consistent with GPRA .
such a reorientation might [help] the process of linking resource allocation to results consistent with gpra .

Senior executive performance expectations to lead and facilitate change could be a critical element as agencies transform themselves .
senior executive performance expectations to lead and [help] change could be a critical element as agencies transform themselves .

Leading organizations use their performance management systems to achieve results , accelerate change , and facilitate communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing .
leading organizations use their performance management systems to achieve results , accelerate change , and [help] communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing .

A specific performance expectation to lead and facilitate change could be a critical element as agencies transform themselves to succeed in an environment that is more results oriented , less hierarchical , and more integrated .
a specific performance expectation to lead and [help] change could be a critical element as agencies transform themselves to succeed in an environment that is more results oriented , less hierarchical , and more integrated .

To meet BLM 's expectation to establish cooperative and constructive relationships that facilitate input from a range of stakeholders , the senior executive who heads the Montana state office set an expectation to expand partnerships and maintain close working relationships with national interest groups in his individual plan for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle .
to meet blm 's expectation to establish cooperative and constructive relationships that [help] input from a range of stakeholders , the senior executive who heads the montana state office set an expectation to expand partnerships and maintain close working relationships with national interest groups in his individual plan for the 2001 performance appraisal cycle .

Conclusions achieve results , accelerate change , and facilitate communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing .
conclusions achieve results , accelerate change , and [help] communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing .

In particular , more progress is needed in explicitly linking senior executive expectations for performance to results-oriented organizational goals , fostering the necessary collaboration both within and across organizational boundaries to achieve results , and demonstrating a commitment to lead and facilitate change .
in particular , more progress is needed in explicitly linking senior executive expectations for performance to results-oriented organizational goals , fostering the necessary collaboration both within and across organizational boundaries to achieve results , and demonstrating a commitment to lead and [help] change .

To facilitate the practical use of this guide , information is organized into four sections-each summarizing one of the four goals as well as those practices that have enabled leading organizations to achieve these goals .
to [help] the practical use of this guide , information is organized into four sections-each summarizing one of the four goals as well as those practices that have enabled leading organizations to achieve these goals .

Engage Line Management • Training and tools are provided to facilitate and accelerate the pace of change initiatives .
engage line management • training and tools are provided to [help] and accelerate the pace of change initiatives .

In addition , these organizations provide tools to facilitate and accelerate the pace of the change initiative .
in addition , these organizations provide tools to [help] and accelerate the pace of the change initiative .

GE 's finance organization has used these tools and strategies to facilitate improvement initiatives , ranging from organizational restructuring to changing the role of the internal audit function .
ge 's finance organization has used these tools and strategies to [help] improvement initiatives , ranging from organizational restructuring to changing the role of the internal audit function .

This sobering news served a vital purposeit created a sense of urgency surrounding the need to change and helped the CFO rally the organizational support needed to institute a comprehensive reengineering initiative To facilitate change within the finance organization , several crossfunctional process improvement teams were established .
this sobering news served a vital purposeit created a sense of urgency surrounding the need to change and helped the cfo rally the organizational support needed to institute a comprehensive reengineering initiative to [help] change within the finance organization , several crossfunctional process improvement teams were established .

To support this process , a Program Management Office was recently established to develop financial systems requirements , address system integration issues , and generally facilitate the system selection and procurement process .
to support this process , a program management office was recently established to develop financial systems requirements , address system integration issues , and generally [help] the system selection and procurement process .

Further , DWP in the United Kingdom plans to use this information to target areas for prevention and detection in the benefit programs , to identify customers who are at risk for higher levels of error in their claims , and to facilitate case interventions .
further , dwp in the united kingdom plans to use this information to target areas for prevention and detection in the benefit programs , to identify customers who are at risk for higher levels of error in their claims , and to [help] case interventions .

This initiative works to facilitate communication , information sharing , and a national forum for Medicaid fraud and abuse issues for the states .
this initiative works to [help] communication , information sharing , and a national forum for medicaid fraud and abuse issues for the states .

According to VBA officials , they are currently using TPSS training modules to facilitate the training of some new employees , but the training modules needed for other newly hired employees will not be available until November 2001 .
according to vba officials , they are currently using tpss training modules to [help] the training of some new employees , but the training modules needed for other newly hired employees will not be available until november 2001 .

We included FAA in our review because it has certain exemptions from the Federal Acquisition Regulations designed to facilitate delegating procurement authorities to lower levels .
we included faa in our review because it has certain exemptions from the federal acquisition regulations designed to [help] delegating procurement authorities to lower levels .

Officials at OPM 's Retirement Operations Center at Boyers , PA , and the American Federation of Government Employees ( AFGE ) said that their excellent working relationship helped facilitate the adjustments made to incorporate new technology at the Center .
officials at opm 's retirement operations center at boyers , pa , and the american federation of government employees ( afge ) said that their excellent working relationship helped [help] the adjustments made to incorporate new technology at the center .

When making significant changes to their operations , agencies provided training to help facilitate change .
when making significant changes to their operations , agencies provided training to help [help] change .

Although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .
although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to [help] information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .

Each of the organizations we studied had adopted this view and , within the last few years , primarily since 1993 , had established a central security management group or reoriented an existing central security group to facilitate and oversee the organization 's information security activities .
each of the organizations we studied had adopted this view and , within the last few years , primarily since 1993 , had established a central security management group or reoriented an existing central security group to [help] and oversee the organization 's information security activities .

Creating standard data classifications and related definitions to facilitate protection of data shared among two or more business units .
creating standard data classifications and related definitions to [help] protection of data shared among two or more business units .

By instituting such a management framework , agencies can strengthen their current security posture , facilitate future system and process improvement efforts , and more confidently take advantage of technology advances .
by instituting such a management framework , agencies can strengthen their current security posture , [help] future system and process improvement efforts , and more confidently take advantage of technology advances .

The renovation , improvement , or reconstruction costs to facilitate Government operations ( for example , installation of communication wiring or redesign of office space ) would be capitalized and depreciated over its expected useful life .
the renovation , improvement , or reconstruction costs to [help] government operations ( for example , installation of communication wiring or redesign of office space ) would be capitalized and depreciated over its expected useful life .

Although authorized changes to an image may need to be made , the unaltered copy of the original image should be maintained to facilitate adequate audit trails .
although authorized changes to an image may need to be made , the unaltered copy of the original image should be maintained to [help] adequate audit trails .

The FCC anticipates that the U-NII devices will support the creation of new wireless local area networks and will facilitate wireless access to the National Information Infrastructure .
the fcc anticipates that the u-nii devices will support the creation of new wireless local area networks and will [help] wireless access to the national information infrastructure .

It identifies best practices to facilitate this decision making at two critical junctures-transition from system integration to system demonstration during product development and then transition into production .
it identifies best practices to [help] this decision making at two critical junctures-transition from system integration to system demonstration during product development and then transition into production .

While similar to the leading commercial companies ' approach , the policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .
while similar to the leading commercial companies ' approach , the policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to [help] better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .

However , DOD 's acquisition policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to facilitate better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .
however , dod 's acquisition policy lacks detailed criteria for capturing and using design and manufacturing knowledge to [help] better decisions and more successful acquisition program outcomes .

With our agency realigned to facilitate our work for the Congress and new legislative authority in hand to manage our workforce more effectively , we are pursuing several initiatives to strengthen our human capital .
with our agency realigned to [help] our work for the congress and new legislative authority in hand to manage our workforce more effectively , we are pursuing several initiatives to strengthen our human capital .

The final rule amends the FCC 's rules to facilitate more effective use of the 39 GHz band by implementing a number of improvements , such as licensing by Basic Trading Areas and employing competitive bidding procedures as a means for choosing among mutually exclusive license applicants .
the final rule amends the fcc 's rules to [help] more effective use of the 39 ghz band by implementing a number of improvements , such as licensing by basic trading areas and employing competitive bidding procedures as a means for choosing among mutually exclusive license applicants .

Performance audits provide information to improve program operations and facilitate decision-making by parties with responsibility to oversee or initiate corrective action , and improve public accountability .
performance audits provide information to improve program operations and [help] decision-making by parties with responsibility to oversee or initiate corrective action , and improve public accountability .

Performance audits provide information to improve program operations and facilitate decisionmaking by parties with responsibility to oversee or initiate corrective action , and improve public accountability .
performance audits provide information to improve program operations and [help] decisionmaking by parties with responsibility to oversee or initiate corrective action , and improve public accountability .

Contractual arrangements for GAGAS audits should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .
contractual arrangements for gagas audits should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to [help] reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .

Contractual arrangements for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .
contractual arrangements for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to [help] reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .

Contractual arrangements for GAGAS audits should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .
contractual arrangements for gagas audits should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to [help] reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .

Although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to facilitate information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .
although powerful technical controls , such as those involving encryption , are becoming increasingly available to [help] information security , effective implementation requires that these techniques be thoughtfully selected and that their use be monitored and managed on an ongoing basis .

Each of the organizations we studied had adopted this view and , within the last few years , primarily since 1993 , had established a central security management group or reoriented an existing central security group to facilitate and oversee the organization 's information security activities .
each of the organizations we studied had adopted this view and , within the last few years , primarily since 1993 , had established a central security management group or reoriented an existing central security group to [help] and oversee the organization 's information security activities .

Creating standard data classifications and related definitions to facilitate protection of data shared among two or more business units .
creating standard data classifications and related definitions to [help] protection of data shared among two or more business units .

By instituting such a management framework , agencies can strengthen their current security posture , facilitate future system and process improvement efforts , and more confidently take advantage of technology advances .
by instituting such a management framework , agencies can strengthen their current security posture , [help] future system and process improvement efforts , and more confidently take advantage of technology advances .

These organizations range from groups that disseminate information on immediate threats and vulnerabilities , to those that seek to facilitate information sharing between public and private entities on industry-specific threats , to those that promote coordination across infrastructure sectors and on an international scale .
these organizations range from groups that disseminate information on immediate threats and vulnerabilities , to those that seek to [help] information sharing between public and private entities on industry-specific threats , to those that promote coordination across infrastructure sectors and on an international scale .

All of the organizations agreed that trust had to be built over time and through personal relationships , and they had taken various steps to facilitate the process , such as the following :
all of the organizations agreed that trust had to be built over time and through personal relationships , and they had taken various steps to [help] the process , such as the following :

Most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate operational skills to facilitate the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .
most of the organizations faced the challenge of developing and maintaining an organization with the appropriate operational skills to [help] the members ' participation and oversee administrative activities that ensured continued and effective information sharing .

Information on Critical Success Factors and Challenges Can Benefit Critical Infrastructure Protection In addition , the representatives from organizations without professional and administrative staffs believed that an even more difficult challenge was encouraging volunteers to donate additional time to perform the administrative tasks required to organize meetings and further facilitate information sharing .
information on critical success factors and challenges can benefit critical infrastructure protection in addition , the representatives from organizations without professional and administrative staffs believed that an even more difficult challenge was encouraging volunteers to donate additional time to perform the administrative tasks required to organize meetings and further [help] information sharing .

Implementation of such provisions , as well as other monitoring actions , could facilitate information sharing and , thus , federal and private efforts to protect critical infrastructures .
implementation of such provisions , as well as other monitoring actions , could [help] information sharing and , thus , federal and private efforts to protect critical infrastructures .

It must also report the information to the employee 's home agency promptly to facilitate disbursement of pay by the home agency .
it must also report the information to the employee 's home agency promptly to [help] disbursement of pay by the home agency .

When a service member is on temporary assignment to another component of the armed services or to a civilian agency , the entity to which the service member is detailed must provide time and attendance recording for the service member and report the information to his or her home component promptly to facilitate payment of basic pay and allowances by ( or through ) the home component .
when a service member is on temporary assignment to another component of the armed services or to a civilian agency , the entity to which the service member is detailed must provide time and attendance recording for the service member and report the information to his or her home component promptly to [help] payment of basic pay and allowances by ( or through ) the home component .

Results in Brief All five of the regulatory agencies that we examined were using some form of IT to notify the public about opportunities to participate in rulemaking and to facilitate the receipt of public comments .
results in brief all five of the regulatory agencies that we examined were using some form of it to notify the public about opportunities to participate in rulemaking and to [help] the receipt of public comments .

Agencies Differed in Their Use of IT to Facilitate Public Participation in Rulemaking In order to participate in the rulemaking process , the public must first be aware that agencies are considering rules that could affect their interests .
agencies differed in their use of it to [help] public participation in rulemaking in order to participate in the rulemaking process , the public must first be aware that agencies are considering rules that could affect their interests .

Therefore , we examined the agencies ' use of IT both to inform the public of opportunities to participate in rulemaking and to facilitate the receipt of public comments .
therefore , we examined the agencies ' use of it both to inform the public of opportunities to participate in rulemaking and to [help] the receipt of public comments .

However , the agencies ' web sites differed widely in the content and organization of rulemaking information , the array of tools they offer to facilitate use , and the extent to which they support customized dissemination of information to the public .
however , the agencies ' web sites differed widely in the content and organization of rulemaking information , the array of tools they offer to [help] use , and the extent to which they support customized dissemination of information to the public .

Although it can be searched by keyword , it contains no fields or section identifiers to facilitate searches .
although it can be searched by keyword , it contains no fields or section identifiers to [help] searches .

Using IT to Facilitate the Receipt of Public Comments All of the regulatory agencies that we examined explicitly permitted the public to submit electronic comments on some , but not all , of their recent proposed rules .
using it to [help] the receipt of public comments all of the regulatory agencies that we examined explicitly permitted the public to submit electronic comments on some , but not all , of their recent proposed rules .

Use of IT in Other Forms of Interactive Participation Agencies have also used IT to facilitate other forms of public participation in the rulemaking process .
use of it in other forms of interactive participation agencies have also used it to [help] other forms of public participation in the rulemaking process .

An EPA official told us that the agency is using email as a way to facilitate the delivery of documents to the small entity representatives and to receive their comments .
an epa official told us that the agency is using email as a way to [help] the delivery of documents to the small entity representatives and to receive their comments .

The program manager for the National Organic Program said that AMS knew that the rule would be controversial , so AMS decided to take advantage of IT 's potential to facilitate the comment process , allowing comments to be provided via mail , fax , and email .
the program manager for the national organic program said that ams knew that the rule would be controversial , so ams decided to take advantage of it 's potential to [help] the comment process , allowing comments to be provided via mail , fax , and email .

AMS received more than 275,000 comments on the rule , which were assigned key words to facilitate subsequent analysis .
ams received more than 275,000 comments on the rule , which were assigned key words to [help] subsequent analysis .

Although it was not clear whether these video networks had been used in a regulatory context in these states , the commenters suggested that they could be used to facilitate participation in rulemaking .
although it was not clear whether these video networks had been used in a regulatory context in these states , the commenters suggested that they could be used to [help] participation in rulemaking .

For example , one agency representative said that the use of commonly accepted models for such administrative tasks as receiving and logging correspondence and storing documents could save money and facilitate access .
for example , one agency representative said that the use of commonly accepted models for such administrative tasks as receiving and logging correspondence and storing documents could save money and [help] access .

Agencies Generally Questioned Need for Standardized Uses of IT to Facilitate Rulemaking Participation Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted during this review indicated that standardizing innovative uses of IT to facilitate public participation in rulemaking could have advantages when compared with the current fragmented system .
agencies generally questioned need for standardized uses of it to [help] rulemaking participation several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted during this review indicated that standardizing innovative uses of it to [help] public participation in rulemaking could have advantages when compared with the current fragmented system .

They also said that coordination could facilitate information sharing among the agencies , thereby speeding the diffusion of innovations that are appropriate and useful within the agencies ' particular context , keeping each agency from having to `` reinvent the wheel . ''
they also said that coordination could [help] information sharing among the agencies , thereby speeding the diffusion of innovations that are appropriate and useful within the agencies ' particular context , keeping each agency from having to `` reinvent the wheel . ''

Overall , though , the agency representatives questioned the need for a standardized approach to using IT to facilitate public participation in rulemaking .
overall , though , the agency representatives questioned the need for a standardized approach to using it to [help] public participation in rulemaking .

The agency representatives said that standardization of ITbased public participation vehicles would require scarce agency resources , and that any resources provided to the agencies to improve their IT systems might be better spent in areas other than public participation in rulemaking ( e.g. , using IT to facilitate regulatory compliance or some nonregulatory area ) .
the agency representatives said that standardization of itbased public participation vehicles would require scarce agency resources , and that any resources provided to the agencies to improve their it systems might be better spent in areas other than public participation in rulemaking ( e.g. , using it to [help] regulatory compliance or some nonregulatory area ) .

One relatively simple way for agencies to facilitate the receipt of public comments is to provide an email address at the end of proposed rules to which the public could respond electronically .
one relatively simple way for agencies to [help] the receipt of public comments is to provide an email address at the end of proposed rules to which the public could respond electronically .

One way to facilitate the receipt of informed public comments is to permit electronic access to regulatory supporting materials , such as economic analyses and the comments of others .
one way to [help] the receipt of informed public comments is to permit electronic access to regulatory supporting materials , such as economic analyses and the comments of others .

Some agencies have begun to use IT to facilitate interactive public comments , permitting users to comment on the comments filed by others ( e.g. , at DOT and in the USDA/AMS organic standards site ) or to participate in online dialogs with rule makers ( e.g. , DOT 's Research and Special Programs Administration ) .
some agencies have begun to use it to [help] interactive public comments , permitting users to comment on the comments filed by others ( e.g. , at dot and in the usda/ams organic standards site ) or to participate in online dialogs with rule makers ( e.g. , dot 's research and special programs administration ) .

Page 7 GAO-02-940T requiring concerted action and sustained top-level attention if they are to be addressed.9 One option for addressing the issues agencies face is to create a Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) position for selected agencies that would provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key stewardship responsibilities in an integrated manner while helping to facilitate the transformation process within an agency.10 These long-term responsibilities are professional and nonpartisan in nature .
page 7 gao-02-940t requiring concerted action and sustained top-level attention if they are to be addressed.9 one option for addressing the issues agencies face is to create a chief operating officer ( coo ) position for selected agencies that would provide the sustained management attention essential for addressing key stewardship responsibilities in an integrated manner while helping to [help] the transformation process within an agency.10 these long-term responsibilities are professional and nonpartisan in nature .

These executive-level meetings will help build an understanding of key and emerging issues ; provide an opportunity to discuss GAO 's short- and long-term work plans , as well as the general working relationship between GAO and the agency , including the agency 's use of GAO 's work ; and facilitate the discussion of issues associated with particular work .
these executive-level meetings will help build an understanding of key and emerging issues ; provide an opportunity to discuss gao 's short- and long-term work plans , as well as the general working relationship between gao and the agency , including the agency 's use of gao 's work ; and [help] the discussion of issues associated with particular work .

In turn , GAO expects the agency to designate a point of contact who is knowledgeable about the agency 's relevant programs and organization and is able to facilitate GAO 's ability to complete its work in a timely manner .
in turn , gao expects the agency to designate a point of contact who is knowledgeable about the agency 's relevant programs and organization and is able to [help] gao 's ability to complete its work in a timely manner .

Consistent with generally accepted government auditing standards , GAO prefers using published products to communicate the final results of its work because they ( 1 ) communicate the results consistently to all interested parties , ( 2 ) make the results available to the public , ( 3 ) build a readily available subject-matter record for future use , and ( 4 ) facilitate follow-up to determine whether appropriate corrective measures have been taken when needed .
consistent with generally accepted government auditing standards , gao prefers using published products to communicate the final results of its work because they ( 1 ) communicate the results consistently to all interested parties , ( 2 ) make the results available to the public , ( 3 ) build a readily available subject-matter record for future use , and ( 4 ) [help] follow-up to determine whether appropriate corrective measures have been taken when needed .

The statute directed the Administrator of GSA to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 This act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 GSA has incorporated these policies into the Federal Property Management Regulations5 and the Federal Travel Regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .
the statute directed the administrator of gsa to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and [help] the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel.3 this act specifically provides that any awards granted under such a frequent traveler program accrued through official travel shall be used only for official travel.4 gsa has incorporated these policies into the federal property management regulations5 and the federal travel regulation,6 applicable to most federal civilian employees .

An SEC representative informed us that SEC began using a contractor 's software 2 to 3 years ago to facilitate the use of frequent flyer mileage .
an sec representative informed us that sec began using a contractor 's software 2 to 3 years ago to [help] the use of frequent flyer mileage .

Section 6008 requires the Administrator of the General Services Administration to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by Federal employees who engage in official travel , for the purpose of realizing cost savings for official travel .
section 6008 requires the administrator of the general services administration to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and [help] the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel , for the purpose of realizing cost savings for official travel .

Case studies do not use statistical adjustments to facilitate comparison .
case studies do not use statistical adjustments to [help] comparison .

Some have argued that the budget may actually favor short-term consumption because the cost of both must be scored up-front as part of the Budget Enforcement Act process even though most of the benefits from investment programs accrue in the future.24 In the past , GAO has suggested that the budget could better facilitate policymakers ' weighing choices between federal investment and consumption by incorporating an investment component with agreed-upon levels of investment spending .
some have argued that the budget may actually favor short-term consumption because the cost of both must be scored up-front as part of the budget enforcement act process even though most of the benefits from investment programs accrue in the future.24 in the past , gao has suggested that the budget could better [help] policymakers ' weighing choices between federal investment and consumption by incorporating an investment component with agreed-upon levels of investment spending .

They adopt formal mechanisms and structures that facilitate the ability of their businesses and information technology and management leaders to understand and communicate one another « s issues and work together to accomplish a shared business vision .
they adopt formal mechanisms and structures that [help] the ability of their businesses and information technology and management leaders to understand and communicate one another « s issues and work together to accomplish a shared business vision .

Such forums help promote organizationwide perspective and facilitate the ability to achieve consensus or stakeholder buy-in to business/technology directions .
such forums help promote organizationwide perspective and [help] the ability to achieve consensus or stakeholder buy-in to business/technology directions .

GAO-01-376G CIO Executive Guide Page 31 guidance received from a CIO advisory board of private industry representatives , convened by the governor to facilitate learning from business organizations .
gao-01-376g cio executive guide page 31 guidance received from a cio advisory board of private industry representatives , convened by the governor to [help] learning from business organizations .

Agencies ' Annual Performance Plans Under the Results Act : An Assessment Guide to Facilitate Congressional Decisionmaking ( GAO/GGD/AIMD-10.1.18 , Version 1 , February 1998 ) .
agencies ' annual performance plans under the results act : an assessment guide to [help] congressional decisionmaking ( gao/ggd/aimd-10.1.18 , version 1 , february 1998 ) .

Agencies « Strategic Plans Under GPRA : Key Questions to Facilitate Congressional Review ( GAO/GGD-10.1.16 , Version 1 , May 1997 ) .
agencies « strategic plans under gpra : key questions to [help] congressional review ( gao/ggd-10.1.16 , version 1 , may 1997 ) .

Although the LSC program differs from the program at issue in Rosenberger in that its purpose is not to `` encourage a diversity of views , '' the salient point is that , like the program in Rosenberger , the LSC program was designed to facilitate private speech , not to promote a governmental message .
although the lsc program differs from the program at issue in rosenberger in that its purpose is not to `` encourage a diversity of views , '' the salient point is that , like the program in rosenberger , the lsc program was designed to [help] private speech , not to promote a governmental message .

By providing subsidies to LSC , the Government seeks to 10 LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION v. VELAZQUEZ facilitate suits for benefits by using the State and Federal courts and the independent bar on which those courts depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .
by providing subsidies to lsc , the government seeks to 10 legal services corporation v. velazquez [help] suits for benefits by using the state and federal courts and the independent bar on which those courts depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .

Like the Rosenberger program , the LSC program was designed to facilitate private speech , not to promote a governmental message .
like the rosenberger program , the lsc program was designed to [help] private speech , not to promote a governmental message .

By providing subsidies to LSC , the Government seeks to facilitate suits for benefits by using the State and Federal Judiciaries and the independent bar on which they depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .
by providing subsidies to lsc , the government seeks to [help] suits for benefits by using the state and federal judiciaries and the independent bar on which they depend for the proper performance of their duties and responsibilities .

In order to facilitate the ability of the participants to work from an agreed upon set of facts about themselves , the facilitators divided the conferees into three groups .
in order to [help] the ability of the participants to work from an agreed upon set of facts about themselves , the facilitators divided the conferees into three groups .

The report will capture the ideas , recommendations , and strategies from the conference and serve as a possible guide to help clients and advocates facilitate client-centered legal services delivery in their communities .
the report will capture the ideas , recommendations , and strategies from the conference and serve as a possible guide to help clients and advocates [help] client-centered legal services delivery in their communities .

The Protocol is intended to set forth LSC 's policy with respect to accessing grant recipients ' files and to facilitate better communication and understanding on this topic .
the protocol is intended to set forth lsc 's policy with respect to accessing grant recipients ' files and to [help] better communication and understanding on this topic .

National Center on Poverty Law LSC has partnered with the National Center on Poverty Law to provide training to the field on how to use the Internet and other tools to facilitate poverty law research .
national center on poverty law lsc has partnered with the national center on poverty law to provide training to the field on how to use the internet and other tools to [help] poverty law research .

The project , funded by LSC and the Maine Bar Foundation , also permits the internet posting of briefs and other materials by Pine Tree staff to facilitate the representation of low-income clients by other providers and pro bono attorneys .
the project , funded by lsc and the maine bar foundation , also permits the internet posting of briefs and other materials by pine tree staff to [help] the representation of low-income clients by other providers and pro bono attorneys .

A consultant was engaged by the state planners to facilitate the planning process .
a consultant was engaged by the state planners to [help] the planning process .

Planning and organizing for this final merger has been extensive , and a merger website at www.wvlegalservicesmerger.org helps facilitate the process .
planning and organizing for this final merger has been extensive , and a merger website at www.wvlegalservicesmerger.org helps [help] the process .

In concert with the West Virginia State Bar , the Symposium will launch a permanent Pro Bono Review Committee to facilitate the provision of services by volunteer lawyers .
in concert with the west virginia state bar , the symposium will launch a permanent pro bono review committee to [help] the provision of services by volunteer lawyers .

The site that will facilitate this project is www.legalmeetings.org .
the site that will [help] this project is www.legalmeetings.org .

Staff regularly confer with National Center for State Courts , State Justice Institute , the Open Society Institute and Justice Management Institute to facilitate pro se efforts , specifically encouraging partnerships among our programs , the state courts , bar associations and community organizations .
staff regularly confer with national center for state courts , state justice institute , the open society institute and justice management institute to [help] pro se efforts , specifically encouraging partnerships among our programs , the state courts , bar associations and community organizations .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the development and sustainability of a delivery network that , within financial resources and subject to appropriate priority decisions under 45 C.F.R .
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state [help] the development and sustainability of a delivery network that , within financial resources and subject to appropriate priority decisions under 45 c.f.r .

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate uniform and consistent approaches to accountability to clients , client communities and funders ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state [help] uniform and consistent approaches to accountability to clients , client communities and funders ?

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state [help] the coordination of resource development efforts to maintain existing resources and to generate and leverage additional resources , including such efforts as unified approaches to major potential public sources , liaison with and maintenance of existing statewide resources , and coordinated technical assistance for local fundraising ?

Area of Inquiry -- Does the configuration of programs within the state facilitate efficient , ongoing assessment of demographic trends , changes in laws and public programs affecting low-income persons ?
area of inquiry -- does the configuration of programs within the state [help] efficient , ongoing assessment of demographic trends , changes in laws and public programs affecting low-income persons ?

At the same time , there are other key assumptions that EPA adopted to facilitate the evaluation of the four scenarios .
at the same time , there are other key assumptions that epa adopted to [help] the evaluation of the four scenarios .

Again , we have adjusted the Poste Italiane revenue to breakeven in order to facilitate comparison .
again , we have adjusted the poste italiane revenue to breakeven in order to [help] comparison .

To protect commercially sensitive data and to facilitate comparison we display normalized costs and not actual unit costs.14 All unit costs are displayed relative to the mean of the distribution of unit costs .
to protect commercially sensitive data and to [help] comparison we display normalized costs and not actual unit costs.14 all unit costs are displayed relative to the mean of the distribution of unit costs .

The Commission determined almost twenty years ago that there was a need for specialized rules to facilitate Postal Service mail classification requests involving proposed new services , or changes in existing services , that were intended to serve as experiments .
the commission determined almost twenty years ago that there was a need for specialized rules to [help] postal service mail classification requests involving proposed new services , or changes in existing services , that were intended to serve as experiments .

Khallad and other detainees have described the willingness of Iranian officials to facilitate the travel of al Qaeda members through Iran , on their way to and from Afghanistan .
khallad and other detainees have described the willingness of iranian officials to [help] the travel of al qaeda members through iran , on their way to and from afghanistan .

It is equally clear , however , that the Incident Command System did not function to integrate awareness among agencies or to facilitate interagency response .
it is equally clear , however , that the incident command system did not function to integrate awareness among agencies or to [help] interagency response .

The Act also required that increased security still facilitate the free flow of commerce and travel .
the act also required that increased security still [help] the free flow of commerce and travel .

In addition , the FAA posted liaisons with the CIA , FBI , and Department of State to facilitate the flow of intelligence and threat information .
in addition , the faa posted liaisons with the cia , fbi , and department of state to [help] the flow of intelligence and threat information .

It called for a nationwide automated system to facilitate information collection , analysis , and dissemination .
it called for a nationwide automated system to [help] information collection , analysis , and dissemination .

The NSC staff had senior directors who would sit on these interagency committees , often as chair , to facilitate agreement and to represent the wider interests of the national security advisor .
the nsc staff had senior directors who would sit on these interagency committees , often as chair , to [help] agreement and to represent the wider interests of the national security advisor .

Clarke opposed having the United States facilitate a `` huge grant to a regime as heinous as the Taliban '' and suggested that the idea might not seem attractive to either Secretary Albright or Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton-both critics of the Taliban 's record on women 's rights .
clarke opposed having the united states [help] a `` huge grant to a regime as heinous as the taliban '' and suggested that the idea might not seem attractive to either secretary albright or lady hillary rodham clinton-both critics of the taliban 's record on women 's rights .

Convicted plotter Ahmed Ressam has told the FBI that he conceived the idea to attack Los Angeles International Airport himself , but that Bin Ladin lieutenant Abu Zubaydah encouraged him and helped facilitate the operation .
convicted plotter ahmed ressam has told the fbi that he conceived the idea to attack los angeles international airport himself , but that bin ladin lieutenant abu zubaydah encouraged him and helped [help] the operation .

The National Intelligence Director would set personnel policies to establish standards for education and training and facilitate assignments at the national intelligence centers and across agency lines .
the national intelligence director would set personnel policies to establish standards for education and training and [help] assignments at the national intelligence centers and across agency lines .

Headquarters tended to support and facilitate , trying to make sure everyone was in the loop .
headquarters tended to support and [help] , trying to make sure everyone was in the loop .

The provisions in the act that facilitate the sharing of information among intelligence agencies and between law enforcement and intelligence appear , on balance , to be beneficial .
the provisions in the act that [help] the sharing of information among intelligence agencies and between law enforcement and intelligence appear , on balance , to be beneficial .

There is no evidence that the hijackers manipulated passenger levels or purchased additional seats to facilitate their operation .
there is no evidence that the hijackers manipulated passenger levels or purchased additional seats to [help] their operation .

To facilitate the use of the methods by local , state , and federal health departments , the space–time permutation scan statistic has been implemented as a feature in the free and public domain SaTScan software [ 36 ] .
to [help] the use of the methods by local , state , and federal health departments , the space–time permutation scan statistic has been implemented as a feature in the free and public domain satscan software [ 36 ] .

This will facilitate discussions of this important issue , which must be considered in the making of policy decisions .
this will [help] discussions of this important issue , which must be considered in the making of policy decisions .

Certainly both histone and rDNA genes are commonly found in arrays of duplicates : structures that facilitate array homogenization by both gene conversion and repeated unequal crossing over .
certainly both histone and rdna genes are commonly found in arrays of duplicates : structures that [help] array homogenization by both gene conversion and repeated unequal crossing over .

Moreover , collaborations between the proteomics and evolutionary genetics communities would facilitate investigation of the potential role of gene duplication during the evolution of the protein–protein and cell–cell interactions that are fundamental to the biology of multicellular organisms .
moreover , collaborations between the proteomics and evolutionary genetics communities would [help] investigation of the potential role of gene duplication during the evolution of the protein–protein and cell–cell interactions that are fundamental to the biology of multicellular organisms .

This , in turn , would facilitate our ability to annotate new genomes as they appear .
this , in turn , would [help] our ability to annotate new genomes as they appear .

Some of the Q/N-rich or polyQ domains facilitate aggregation of polypeptides , especially if expanded owing to mutations .
some of the q/n-rich or polyq domains [help] aggregation of polypeptides , especially if expanded owing to mutations .

The authors suggested that the oligopeptide repeats facilitate the division of aggregates , either by serving as binding sites for Hsp104 or by altering the conformation of the polypeptides in aggregates to promote access for Hsp104 ( Figure 2 ) .
the authors suggested that the oligopeptide repeats [help] the division of aggregates , either by serving as binding sites for hsp104 or by altering the conformation of the polypeptides in aggregates to promote access for hsp104 ( figure 2 ) .

Such direct reports facilitate studying how information from the sensory periphery , that is , the sense organs that actually interface with the environment , is processed in the brain .
such direct reports [help] studying how information from the sensory periphery , that is , the sense organs that actually interface with the environment , is processed in the brain .

The high local concentrations of these molecules facilitate cascades of downstream intracellular responses via protein–protein interactions , which are linked to the cytoskeleton as well as to complex intracellular signaling networks .
the high local concentrations of these molecules [help] cascades of downstream intracellular responses via protein–protein interactions , which are linked to the cytoskeleton as well as to complex intracellular signaling networks .

Unusual or extreme phenotypes , such as large fruit or seed size , intense color , sweet flavor , or pleasing aroma are often selected by humans and maintained in their cultivars for aesthetic reasons , while synchronous ripening or inhibition of seed shattering ( a dispersal mechanism ) are selected to facilitate harvest .
unusual or extreme phenotypes , such as large fruit or seed size , intense color , sweet flavor , or pleasing aroma are often selected by humans and maintained in their cultivars for aesthetic reasons , while synchronous ripening or inhibition of seed shattering ( a dispersal mechanism ) are selected to [help] harvest .

As a “ smart breeding ” strategy , it will facilitate the exploration and utilization of natural genetic variation , expanding the genetic base of our crop plants and providing more flexibility for the future .
as a “ smart breeding ” strategy , it will [help] the exploration and utilization of natural genetic variation , expanding the genetic base of our crop plants and providing more flexibility for the future .

The second mechanism that can facilitate the dissolution of cohesin is proteolysis ; this may be particularly important at centromeres .
the second mechanism that can [help] the dissolution of cohesin is proteolysis ; this may be particularly important at centromeres .

Construction of such systems may facilitate the design of machines that can transmit and transform rotary motion at the nanoscale .
construction of such systems may [help] the design of machines that can transmit and transform rotary motion at the nanoscale .

Proteins that undergo substantial conformational changes in response to environmental stimuli may facilitate the design of nanoscale machines that produce linear motion ( Drexler 1981 ) , as opposed to rotary motion .
proteins that undergo substantial conformational changes in response to environmental stimuli may [help] the design of nanoscale machines that produce linear motion ( drexler 1981 ) , as opposed to rotary motion .

Very importantly , is an unsuccessfully challenged animal partially immunized against further challenges , or , alternatively , do unsuccessful challenges facilitate future infection by “ seeding ” animals with defective proviruses that may recombine with complementing viruses upon subsequent exposures [ 44 ] ?
very importantly , is an unsuccessfully challenged animal partially immunized against further challenges , or , alternatively , do unsuccessful challenges [help] future infection by “ seeding ” animals with defective proviruses that may recombine with complementing viruses upon subsequent exposures [ 44 ] ?

We have provided an invoice to facilitate your gift .
we have provided an invoice to [help] your gift .

We have enclosed an invoice to help facilitate your check .
we have enclosed an invoice to help [help] your check .

Lemmy , under some suspicion after he was seen cruising on weekends around the glory hole booths at XTC Video , in Daytona Beach , is made part of a delegation to Kuala Lumpur to facilitate the smuggling of a dugong to a dentist 's waiting room in Marin Co .
lemmy , under some suspicion after he was seen cruising on weekends around the glory hole booths at xtc video , in daytona beach , is made part of a delegation to kuala lumpur to [help] the smuggling of a dugong to a dentist 's waiting room in marin co .

The delegation to Kuala Lupur to facilitate the smuggling of a dugong to a dentist 's waiting room in Sausalito is our symbolic clue : The `` Great Work '' in Manistique , Michigan is not just a `` Marching Molars Study '' sponsored by the Fluoride Foundation of Florida , to implement dental implant research -- - it is a front for stem- cell research to genetically combine MANatee genes with those of `` land sharks '' -- to clone aquatic ( cold blooded ) humans who will control global stock-markets with their sonar snout-symphonies ( Disguised as dreamy melodies of whale songs . )
the delegation to kuala lupur to [help] the smuggling of a dugong to a dentist 's waiting room in sausalito is our symbolic clue : the `` great work '' in manistique , michigan is not just a `` marching molars study '' sponsored by the fluoride foundation of florida , to implement dental implant research -- - it is a front for stem- cell research to genetically combine manatee genes with those of `` land sharks '' -- to clone aquatic ( cold blooded ) humans who will control global stock-markets with their sonar snout-symphonies ( disguised as dreamy melodies of whale songs . )

Antiseptic powder may be applied , or , more usually , pastes - containing herbs , milk , eggs , ashes or dung - which are believed to facilitate healing .
antiseptic powder may be applied , or , more usually , pastes - containing herbs , milk , eggs , ashes or dung - which are believed to [help] healing .

An example the LAT gives is the recent spate of web sites that facilitate the sale of Viagra to those logging on and filling out a questionnaire .
an example the lat gives is the recent spate of web sites that [help] the sale of viagra to those logging on and filling out a questionnaire .

Among the early story lines : The rioters were sending Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a message that he must negotiate or pay a price ; relations between the Israeli army and Palestinian police -- who fought alongside the rioters -- have collapsed ; Netanyahu was not a decisive ideologue but a aimless dawdler ; concessions to the Palestinians , said the Likud government , would signal weakness and invite further attacks ; and the conflagration placed Egypt in a precarious position as it tried to facilitate reconciliation amid Arab rage over Israel 's actions .
among the early story lines : the rioters were sending prime minister benjamin netanyahu a message that he must negotiate or pay a price ; relations between the israeli army and palestinian police -- who fought alongside the rioters -- have collapsed ; netanyahu was not a decisive ideologue but a aimless dawdler ; concessions to the palestinians , said the likud government , would signal weakness and invite further attacks ; and the conflagration placed egypt in a precarious position as it tried to [help] reconciliation amid arab rage over israel 's actions .

The larger bill would fortify the Border Patrol , facilitate deportations , and restrict the benefits available to illegal aliens ; the detached bill would let states exclude children of illegal aliens from public schools .
the larger bill would fortify the border patrol , [help] deportations , and restrict the benefits available to illegal aliens ; the detached bill would let states exclude children of illegal aliens from public schools .

The sources also believe that President Hafez Assad of Syria `` wants to bequeath his son and designated successor a legacy of peace , in order to facilitate the continued rule of his Alawite regime , '' the paper said .
the sources also believe that president hafez assad of syria `` wants to bequeath his son and designated successor a legacy of peace , in order to [help] the continued rule of his alawite regime , '' the paper said .

Scientists were also demanding a standardized system to facilitate international cooperation on research .
scientists were also demanding a standardized system to [help] international cooperation on research .

In the 1970s , some opponents suggested that metric road signs would facilitate a Russian invasion .
in the 1970s , some opponents suggested that metric road signs would [help] a russian invasion .

Here Metabolife interjects the following explanatory note : `` Nine years ago , Michael Ellis received five years probation for the use of a telephone to facilitate a drug trafficking offense committed in 1989 . ''
here metabolife interjects the following explanatory note : `` nine years ago , michael ellis received five years probation for the use of a telephone to [help] a drug trafficking offense committed in 1989 . ''

Diaz says that Ellis was arrested in 1988 in what the Drug Enforcement Administration called `` the largest methamphetamine bust in history '' ( an interesting statistic that Diaz failed to drop in his interview with Ellis ) , and that Ellis `` pleaded guilty to a reduced charge , using a telephone 'to facilitate a drug trafficking offense . '
diaz says that ellis was arrested in 1988 in what the drug enforcement administration called `` the largest methamphetamine bust in history '' ( an interesting statistic that diaz failed to drop in his interview with ellis ) , and that ellis `` pleaded guilty to a reduced charge , using a telephone 'to [help] a drug trafficking offense . '

Would Jordan have helped Monica get a job at Revlon if he knew a ) she was about to perjure herself at his request and b ) his help could be construed as a bribe to facilitate the perjury ?
would jordan have helped monica get a job at revlon if he knew a ) she was about to perjure herself at his request and b ) his help could be construed as a bribe to [help] the perjury ?

Lawmakers approved a constitutional amendment that would facilitate the deal .
lawmakers approved a constitutional amendment that would [help] the deal .

Toru 's conversations with the lieutenant yield an enduring image : a dry well , whose dark silences facilitate thought and force people to confront their demons .
toru 's conversations with the lieutenant yield an enduring image : a dry well , whose dark silences [help] thought and force people to confront their demons .

China 's WTO bid : Beijing is keen to be included in the World Trade Organization and , subject to certain conditions , the U.S. State Department would like to facilitate its application .
china 's wto bid : beijing is keen to be included in the world trade organization and , subject to certain conditions , the u.s. state department would like to [help] its application .

However , social reform in Iran will not by itself be enough to facilitate a dramatic shift in U.S. policy .
however , social reform in iran will not by itself be enough to [help] a dramatic shift in u.s. policy .

The coverage plays into Washington 's unfortunate preference for politics over substance : there is n't a word about those international family planning organizations ( none are even identified ) and to what extent they facilitate abortions .
the coverage plays into washington 's unfortunate preference for politics over substance : there is n't a word about those international family planning organizations ( none are even identified ) and to what extent they [help] abortions .

A group of very talented architects came up with an architecture to facilitate this filtering .
a group of very talented architects came up with an architecture to [help] this filtering .

There is an increasing push to layer onto the Net architectures that facilitate identification and tracking .
there is an increasing push to layer onto the net architectures that [help] identification and tracking .

Former WTO Director-General Renato Ruggiero once called the WTO a `` new constitution for a single global economy , '' and protesters have seized on this somewhat presumptuous self-characterization to portray the WTO as a police state designed by rich nations to facilitate the exploitation of poor ones .
former wto director-general renato ruggiero once called the wto a `` new constitution for a single global economy , '' and protesters have seized on this somewhat presumptuous self-characterization to portray the wto as a police state designed by rich nations to [help] the exploitation of poor ones .

E-cash can be used to facilitate a host of illegal businesses , including drug transactions , thereby eliminating the need for suitcases full of $ 100 bills .
e-cash can be used to [help] a host of illegal businesses , including drug transactions , thereby eliminating the need for suitcases full of $ 100 bills .

It might well , however , facilitate gay couples ' efforts to adopt children .
it might well , however , [help] gay couples ' efforts to adopt children .

The AMA also urged the government to facilitate grant applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .
the ama also urged the government to [help] grant applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .

The AMA also urged the government to facilitate grant applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .
the ama also urged the government to [help] grant applications for studies on medical marijuana , including access to marijuana supplies .

Many tongues are spoken here , but multilingualism serves mainly to delineate constituent groups , not to facilitate communication .
many tongues are spoken here , but multilingualism serves mainly to delineate constituent groups , not to [help] communication .

Polysyllables abound in today 's speech , and much has been written on the subject , from euphemisms -- agencies that “ facilitate ” instead of give money -- to downright deceit -- one knows by now that “ protective reaction strikes ” are bombings .
polysyllables abound in today 's speech , and much has been written on the subject , from euphemisms -- agencies that “ [help] ” instead of give money -- to downright deceit -- one knows by now that “ protective reaction strikes ” are bombings .

My primary purpose was to facilitate the examination of suffixes and desinences .
my primary purpose was to [help] the examination of suffixes and desinences .

As Joseph Wood Crutch remarked , Children were taught standard English instead of that acceptable to their peer group in order to facilitate communication between class and class , region and region , century and century .
as joseph wood crutch remarked , children were taught standard english instead of that acceptable to their peer group in order to [help] communication between class and class , region and region , century and century .

