However , because of Church laws , lately more stringently enforced , which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously , a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions .
however , because of church laws , lately more stringently enforced , which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously , a means of [helping] the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions .

So facilitating an increased volume of business insurance cover , such as that provided by Lloyd 's to industry , also increases employment in some cases dramatically .
so [helping] an increased volume of business insurance cover , such as that provided by lloyd 's to industry , also increases employment in some cases dramatically .

They believe in the limited aim of facilitating access to training .
they believe in the limited aim of [helping] access to training .

Product wages probably accelerated only about half as much in the largest firms as in the smallest , thus facilitating the expansion of the former as the latter were knocked out .
product wages probably accelerated only about half as much in the largest firms as in the smallest , thus [helping] the expansion of the former as the latter were knocked out .

So governments faced strong pressure to offset the adverse effects of wage explosions on profitability by facilitating a rapid expansion of credit .
so governments faced strong pressure to offset the adverse effects of wage explosions on profitability by [helping] a rapid expansion of credit .

The third major structural feature facilitating corporate crime is opportunity .
the third major structural feature [helping] corporate crime is opportunity .

Important as these two above opportunity structures are for facilitating corporate crime , the greatest opportunity lies in their ability to prevent their actions from becoming subject to criminal sanctions in the first place .
important as these two above opportunity structures are for [helping] corporate crime , the greatest opportunity lies in their ability to prevent their actions from becoming subject to criminal sanctions in the first place .

This is unlikely by itself to reduce speeds significantly , but it does act as a facilitating element in making other measures possible and in releasing former carriageway space for other uses .
this is unlikely by itself to reduce speeds significantly , but it does act as a [helping] element in making other measures possible and in releasing former carriageway space for other uses .

It may be possible to apply all of these to groups who contrast in some way , so facilitating a comparative analysis .
it may be possible to apply all of these to groups who contrast in some way , so [helping] a comparative analysis .

Nevertheless , there are grounds for asking whether the measurable distribution of wealth-holding is simply a matter of choice within Britain in comparison with other leading economies , or whether the financial services sector forms the agency which actively determines that distribution rather than simply facilitating it .
nevertheless , there are grounds for asking whether the measurable distribution of wealth-holding is simply a matter of choice within britain in comparison with other leading economies , or whether the financial services sector forms the agency which actively determines that distribution rather than simply [helping] it .

Attention also should be given to facilitating the interaction .
attention also should be given to [helping] the interaction .

The insights gained from computational models of visual perceptions are facilitating the interpretation of findings of physiological studies of the visual cortex and a picture is emerging of a modular system in which different attributes of the image are processed in different cortical areas before the information is passed on to higher order systems .
the insights gained from computational models of visual perceptions are [helping] the interpretation of findings of physiological studies of the visual cortex and a picture is emerging of a modular system in which different attributes of the image are processed in different cortical areas before the information is passed on to higher order systems .

Women become responsible , as usual , for the ‘ interactional shitwork ’ of facilitating effective communication .
women become responsible , as usual , for the ‘ interactional shitwork ’ of [helping] effective communication .

In addition , the Rover link would bring BAe into contact with Honda , a link which was welcomed by BAe , both in terms of potential collaboration in manufacturing and also as a means of facilitating sales in the Far East .
in addition , the rover link would bring bae into contact with honda , a link which was welcomed by bae , both in terms of potential collaboration in manufacturing and also as a means of [helping] sales in the far east .

Facilitating decision-making .
[helping] decision-making .

The skills of facilitating decision-making are discussed by Tyler ( 1969 ) .
the skills of [helping] decision-making are discussed by tyler ( 1969 ) .

The skills of counsellors are ultimately judged by the extent to which they are successful in facilitating personal action by the counsellees in dealing with life problems .
the skills of counsellors are ultimately judged by the extent to which they are successful in [helping] personal action by the counsellees in dealing with life problems .

The inclusion of a counselling element into such groups is based on the understanding of their potential value in facilitating and enabling personal change , by helping group members understand their own thoughts and feelings , and in changing their coping behaviour to the situations in which they find themselves within the group .
the inclusion of a counselling element into such groups is based on the understanding of their potential value in [helping] and enabling personal change , by helping group members understand their own thoughts and feelings , and in changing their coping behaviour to the situations in which they find themselves within the group .

If you are using one or more ‘ editing decks ’ , that is VCRs which have features which are specially provided for facilitating the editing of video , you will be able to assemble your tapes quickly and reasonably accurately with one of the more basic edit controllers — or even none at all .
if you are using one or more ‘ editing decks ’ , that is vcrs which have features which are specially provided for [helping] the editing of video , you will be able to assemble your tapes quickly and reasonably accurately with one of the more basic edit controllers — or even none at all .

Even the particular architectural form of the prison , with its emphasis on facilitating supervision , discipline and hygiene , was hardly alien to the spirit of rationality and efficiency that inspired classicism .
even the particular architectural form of the prison , with its emphasis on [helping] supervision , discipline and hygiene , was hardly alien to the spirit of rationality and efficiency that inspired classicism .

The response of the social services to poor standards of parenting should be the provision of more supportive services to enable natural families to cope better , rather than facilitating the removal of children to substitute care and the ultimate separation of adoption .
the response of the social services to poor standards of parenting should be the provision of more supportive services to enable natural families to cope better , rather than [helping] the removal of children to substitute care and the ultimate separation of adoption .

Draper says , ‘ the dice are loaded against the parents ’ ; Holman that the 1975 Act ‘ concentrates exclusively on facilitating the removal of children from their families and on reducing the rights of natural parents ’ .
draper says , ‘ the dice are loaded against the parents ’ ; holman that the 1975 act ‘ concentrates exclusively on [helping] the removal of children from their families and on reducing the rights of natural parents ’ .

Any professional approach that does not concern itself with supporting and facilitating these same processes of growth for people with learning difficulties must be seriously open to question .
any professional approach that does not concern itself with supporting and [helping] these same processes of growth for people with learning difficulties must be seriously open to question .

Professional roles in offering support both directly and indirectly through other helpers will remain important in facilitating this process of accessing opportunities .
professional roles in offering support both directly and indirectly through other helpers will remain important in [helping] this process of accessing opportunities .

It emphasizes activities which encourage the students ' own personal response , while facilitating exploration and extension of the language .
it emphasizes activities which encourage the students ' own personal response , while [helping] exploration and extension of the language .

Facilitating the acquisition of skill is a matter of providing situations where the skill can be practised with adequate , sometimes enhanced , feedback so that there can be learning from mistakes .
[helping] the acquisition of skill is a matter of providing situations where the skill can be practised with adequate , sometimes enhanced , feedback so that there can be learning from mistakes .

Occupational and social careers are mutually facilitating in this respect .
occupational and social careers are mutually [helping] in this respect .

More generally , political influences appear to have been especially important by way of a facilitating role of socialist ideology in broadening the structural form of unions away from concern with narrow and particularistic special interests .
more generally , political influences appear to have been especially important by way of a [helping] role of socialist ideology in broadening the structural form of unions away from concern with narrow and particularistic special interests .

As company size and the internalisation of industrial relations activity have increased many companies have acquired or strengthened their own specialist personnel management function … thus facilitating the pursuit of more distinctive , company-specific employment policies . ( Goodman , 1981 , p. 606 )
as company size and the internalisation of industrial relations activity have increased many companies have acquired or strengthened their own specialist personnel management function … thus [helping] the pursuit of more distinctive , company-specific employment policies . ( goodman , 1981 , p. 606 )

However , although it is possible to identify a number of common facilitating factors in the development of employers ' associations in various countries there are also some important differences both between and within countries , particularly in the extent to which these bodies engage in direct negotiating activities on behalf of their members .
however , although it is possible to identify a number of common [helping] factors in the development of employers ' associations in various countries there are also some important differences both between and within countries , particularly in the extent to which these bodies engage in direct negotiating activities on behalf of their members .

The role of the authority itself is then one of free-ranging facilitating and monitoring .
the role of the authority itself is then one of free-ranging [helping] and monitoring .

As in decentralization , some degree of latitude in interpretation of centre policy would be necessary for its implementation to adapt to local influences which can only be an unknown factor at the beginning of the facilitating process .
as in decentralization , some degree of latitude in interpretation of centre policy would be necessary for its implementation to adapt to local influences which can only be an unknown factor at the beginning of the [helping] process .

Nevertheless the hospital beds and places to be opened in London were seen as facilitating the further development of comprehensive community services .
nevertheless the hospital beds and places to be opened in london were seen as [helping] the further development of comprehensive community services .

It also involves facilitating other initiatives .
it also involves [helping] other initiatives .

It is , therefore , natural that in real-world markets many so-called ‘ facilitating devices ’ would have been developed .
it is , therefore , natural that in real-world markets many so-called ‘ [helping] devices ’ would have been developed .

However , they may also act as facilitating devices , collecting and disseminating information on costs , outputs , and prices , suggesting price lists ( for example , the professional associations for lawyers , doctors , and architects publish ‘ recommended fee scales ’ ) and policing the ( tacit ) agreement .
however , they may also act as [helping] devices , collecting and disseminating information on costs , outputs , and prices , suggesting price lists ( for example , the professional associations for lawyers , doctors , and architects publish ‘ recommended fee scales ’ ) and policing the ( tacit ) agreement .

This list covers the most generally encountered facilitating devices .
this list covers the most generally encountered [helping] devices .

It would appear , then , that since many of the facilitating devices listed in the previous section are not subject to prohibition ( information agreements are the only type of device that are ) , a move to a purely prohibition system would make the British system as helpless in the face of tacit collusion as the American .
it would appear , then , that since many of the [helping] devices listed in the previous section are not subject to prohibition ( information agreements are the only type of device that are ) , a move to a purely prohibition system would make the british system as helpless in the face of tacit collusion as the american .

Moreover , as we have seen , firms have developed facilitating devices such as information agreements , trade associations , and price leadership to help them solve the problem of achieving and maintaining agreements .
moreover , as we have seen , firms have developed [helping] devices such as information agreements , trade associations , and price leadership to help them solve the problem of achieving and maintaining agreements .

’ With a view toward facilitating the use of electronic bills of lading , the Law Commissions recommended that the Secretary of State be empowered to ‘ make provision by regulations for information given by means other than in writing to be of equivalent force and effect as if it had been given in writing .
’ with a view toward [helping] the use of electronic bills of lading , the law commissions recommended that the secretary of state be empowered to ‘ make provision by regulations for information given by means other than in writing to be of equivalent force and effect as if it had been given in writing .

Picasso said that taste was the enemy of creativity and , eventually , those disabled artists who pursue that path of affecting taste will find their work stagnating , since they are facilitating an outsider 's vision of themselves .
picasso said that taste was the enemy of creativity and , eventually , those disabled artists who pursue that path of affecting taste will find their work stagnating , since they are [helping] an outsider 's vision of themselves .

The role of the social services departments in facilitating independent living
the role of the social services departments in [helping] independent living

SSDs have two key roles to play in facilitating independent living : working with housing departments to ensure that appropriate accommodation is available ; and ensuring that support services are available to disabled people in their own homes .
ssds have two key roles to play in [helping] independent living : working with housing departments to ensure that appropriate accommodation is available ; and ensuring that support services are available to disabled people in their own homes .

This would serve the general welfare by facilitating the development of large-scale business enterprises , which if left alone to pursue their own interests would also further the interests of society .
this would serve the general welfare by [helping] the development of large-scale business enterprises , which if left alone to pursue their own interests would also further the interests of society .

The ‘ Unwritten Constitution ’ has the virtue of flexibility and permits the wide use of constitutional conventions , both permitting and facilitating evolutionary consensual change .
the ‘ unwritten constitution ’ has the virtue of flexibility and permits the wide use of constitutional conventions , both permitting and [helping] evolutionary consensual change .

However , its use in a wide variety of disciplines has grown dramatically in recent decades , to the point where it seems not only to be facilitating what was done before , but to be creating new possibilities .
however , its use in a wide variety of disciplines has grown dramatically in recent decades , to the point where it seems not only to be [helping] what was done before , but to be creating new possibilities .

The stimulus for organizational change in Pilkingtons was the profound business crisis of the early 1980s , a crisis which was also important in facilitating acceptance of major and pervasive change .
the stimulus for organizational change in pilkingtons was the profound business crisis of the early 1980s , a crisis which was also important in [helping] acceptance of major and pervasive change .

Facilitating innovation in large organizations
[helping] innovation in large organizations

The recognition of these players within an organization is an important first step in facilitating innovation .
the recognition of these players within an organization is an important first step in [helping] innovation .

Agnew , Peet and others also argued that southern State and local governments are more favourably inclined towards capitalist interests , and provide a facilitating ‘ business climate ’ .
agnew , peet and others also argued that southern state and local governments are more favourably inclined towards capitalist interests , and provide a [helping] ‘ business climate ’ .

Explicit use of temporary working as a means of facilitating selection was , however , rare .
explicit use of temporary working as a means of [helping] selection was , however , rare .

These findings raise the possibility that the results with deep dyslexics , which appear to show a facilitating effect of highly imageable words on reading performance , might just as plausibly be attributed to the fact that such words tend to be learned at an early age in life .
these findings raise the possibility that the results with deep dyslexics , which appear to show a [helping] effect of highly imageable words on reading performance , might just as plausibly be attributed to the fact that such words tend to be learned at an early age in life .

He rejected the idea of compulsorily alienating noble land , but tried to alleviate peasant land hunger by providing additional credit for peasants to buy land and by facilitating resettlement on vacant land in Siberia .
he rejected the idea of compulsorily alienating noble land , but tried to alleviate peasant land hunger by providing additional credit for peasants to buy land and by [helping] resettlement on vacant land in siberia .

The Social Security Pensions Act 1975 specifically allows employers to exclude workers from membership of occupational pension schemes by occupational category , thus facilitating the legal exclusion of women in vertically segregated occupational categories which are mainly or exclusively female .
the social security pensions act 1975 specifically allows employers to exclude workers from membership of occupational pension schemes by occupational category , thus [helping] the legal exclusion of women in vertically segregated occupational categories which are mainly or exclusively female .

Facilitating independence
[helping] independence

developing the range and quality of collaborative activity which the children are able to initiate for themselves , by directly structuring and facilitating a variety of collaborative experiences , and modelling skills and strategies for pupils to take on for themselves .
developing the range and quality of collaborative activity which the children are able to initiate for themselves , by directly structuring and [helping] a variety of collaborative experiences , and modelling skills and strategies for pupils to take on for themselves .

The existence of the shop was therefore facilitating , if not encouraging , the commission of crime .
the existence of the shop was therefore [helping] , if not encouraging , the commission of crime .

( 6 ) Nothing in the Act or in the Convention prevents the Crown from facilitating the giving of evidence by its present or former officers or servants , subject to such conditions if any as it may deem appropriate , but the courts have no power to order anyone to give evidence in circumstances in which section 9 ( 4 ) applies .
( 6 ) nothing in the act or in the convention prevents the crown from [helping] the giving of evidence by its present or former officers or servants , subject to such conditions if any as it may deem appropriate , but the courts have no power to order anyone to give evidence in circumstances in which section 9 ( 4 ) applies .

Marketing research is the title given to those activities which aim to provide information about markets and marketing methods for the purpose of facilitating decision-making in marketing .
marketing research is the title given to those activities which aim to provide information about markets and marketing methods for the purpose of [helping] decision-making in marketing .

Marketing research consists of those activities which aim to provide information about markets and marketing methods for the purpose of facilitating decision-making in marketing matters .
marketing research consists of those activities which aim to provide information about markets and marketing methods for the purpose of [helping] decision-making in marketing matters .

Many diptera bask in sunlight inside flowers , warming themselves and at the same time facilitating pollination ; hordes settle on conspicuous dark or bright surfaces when air temperatures are low , and beetles collect on sunny patches of ground that are sheltered from wind , indicating a constant need for warming .
many diptera bask in sunlight inside flowers , warming themselves and at the same time [helping] pollination ; hordes settle on conspicuous dark or bright surfaces when air temperatures are low , and beetles collect on sunny patches of ground that are sheltered from wind , indicating a constant need for warming .

It also brought European immigrants , who were to play a crucial role in the introduction of Marxist ideas to Latin America , flooding into these countries , where newly built ports and railways were facilitating the spread of new political theories .
it also brought european immigrants , who were to play a crucial role in the introduction of marxist ideas to latin america , flooding into these countries , where newly built ports and railways were [helping] the spread of new political theories .

Indeed , by failing to acknowledge what applied research has to say on this matter , the Griffiths report proceeds from a false premise ( that care by the community — in its present form — is desirable and will continue ) to a false conclusion ( that publicly provided services can be increasingly restricted to an enabling and facilitating role ) .
indeed , by failing to acknowledge what applied research has to say on this matter , the griffiths report proceeds from a false premise ( that care by the community — in its present form — is desirable and will continue ) to a false conclusion ( that publicly provided services can be increasingly restricted to an enabling and [helping] role ) .

But they gave opportunities for the advancement of town planning , facilitating consultancy work and ( so ably fostered by Pepler ) encouraging individual local authorities to take the first steps in scheme preparation in their own areas .
but they gave opportunities for the advancement of town planning , [helping] consultancy work and ( so ably fostered by pepler ) encouraging individual local authorities to take the first steps in scheme preparation in their own areas .

In 1934 the Minister of Transport , then Hore-Belisha , inaugurated a comprehensive survey of highway developments required in the London traffic area for the next 30 years , and an Origin and Destination census was conducted in June 1936 at London Docks ( note the then fixation in London road-traffic circles of facilitating good road communications to the Docks ) .
in 1934 the minister of transport , then hore-belisha , inaugurated a comprehensive survey of highway developments required in the london traffic area for the next 30 years , and an origin and destination census was conducted in june 1936 at london docks ( note the then fixation in london road-traffic circles of [helping] good road communications to the docks ) .

In a series of striking phrases he described a theory of emotional development which highlights the role of the ‘ ordinary devoted mother ’ in providing a facilitating environment as the basis for growth and development and for later emotional stability .
in a series of striking phrases he described a theory of emotional development which highlights the role of the ‘ ordinary devoted mother ’ in providing a [helping] environment as the basis for growth and development and for later emotional stability .

The second was the development of a method for fixing vulcanized rubber firmly on to mild steel , thus facilitating the manufacture of cheap chemical-resistant equipment .
the second was the development of a method for fixing vulcanized rubber firmly on to mild steel , thus [helping] the manufacture of cheap chemical-resistant equipment .

In a context where unemployed whites think that unemployment would be solved by ‘ repatriation ’ of black people and , generally , the adoption of National Front-type policies , are the facilitating roles of community education to be used ?
in a context where unemployed whites think that unemployment would be solved by ‘ repatriation ’ of black people and , generally , the adoption of national front-type policies , are the [helping] roles of community education to be used ?

The rear leg acts like a springboard , tensing the back foot outwards and facilitating a fast forward movement .
the rear leg acts like a springboard , tensing the back foot outwards and [helping] a fast forward movement .

Such an aspiration prevailed among some geographers at least partly unaware of first , the revival of interest in human activity ; secondly , the focus in physical geography research upon the magnitude of human impact ; and thirdly , the hazard research that was facilitating closer links between physical and human geography although these links did not impress Johnston ( 1983c ) .
such an aspiration prevailed among some geographers at least partly unaware of first , the revival of interest in human activity ; secondly , the focus in physical geography research upon the magnitude of human impact ; and thirdly , the hazard research that was [helping] closer links between physical and human geography although these links did not impress johnston ( 1983c ) .

The railways were vital in facilitating pigeon-racing .
the railways were vital in [helping] pigeon-racing .

facilitating community involvement in the school ;
[helping] community involvement in the school ;

This is characterised by the perception of an author requiring a reader to make an effort in reading , but the text is seen to be maximally facilitating the search for coherence .
this is characterised by the perception of an author requiring a reader to make an effort in reading , but the text is seen to be maximally [helping] the search for coherence .

However , the argument for adopting a similar approach in the case of financial services is based on the complexity and sophistication of the regulatory scheme created by Parliament to achieve the legislative aims of facilitating efficiency , competitiveness , flexibility and above all investor protection .
however , the argument for adopting a similar approach in the case of financial services is based on the complexity and sophistication of the regulatory scheme created by parliament to achieve the legislative aims of [helping] efficiency , competitiveness , flexibility and above all investor protection .

Section 268 ( 1 ) provides that associated operations means any two or more operations of any kind , being : ( 1 ) operations which affect the same property , or one of which affects some property and the other or others of which affect property which represents , whether directly or indirectly , that property , or income arising from that property , or any property representing accumulations of any such income ; or ( 2 ) any two operations of which one is effected with reference to the other , or with a view to enabling the other to be effected , or facilitating it being effected , and any further operations having a like relation to any of those two , and so on whether those operations are effected by the same person or different persons , and whether or not they are simultaneous .
section 268 ( 1 ) provides that associated operations means any two or more operations of any kind , being : ( 1 ) operations which affect the same property , or one of which affects some property and the other or others of which affect property which represents , whether directly or indirectly , that property , or income arising from that property , or any property representing accumulations of any such income ; or ( 2 ) any two operations of which one is effected with reference to the other , or with a view to enabling the other to be effected , or [helping] it being effected , and any further operations having a like relation to any of those two , and so on whether those operations are effected by the same person or different persons , and whether or not they are simultaneous .

Dobry therefore had a difficult task of reconciling apparently irreconcilable objectives : to expedite planning procedures while at the same time facilitating greater public participation and devising a system which would produce better environmental results .
dobry therefore had a difficult task of reconciling apparently irreconcilable objectives : to expedite planning procedures while at the same time [helping] greater public participation and devising a system which would produce better environmental results .

These powers were used , not as a general means of facilitating the supply of land at existing use prices .
these powers were used , not as a general means of [helping] the supply of land at existing use prices .

These three , of the five extant Lalande motet scores with timings , are thus the most significant and useful with respect to Lalande 's performance practice in ( 1 ) calculating quite precise speeds for most movements , ( 2 ) establishing others by reference to traditional proportions , and ( 3 ) facilitating comparisons of speeds established by such timings with the verbal indications so often used to denote both tempo and other performance directions in this repertory .
these three , of the five extant lalande motet scores with timings , are thus the most significant and useful with respect to lalande 's performance practice in ( 1 ) calculating quite precise speeds for most movements , ( 2 ) establishing others by reference to traditional proportions , and ( 3 ) [helping] comparisons of speeds established by such timings with the verbal indications so often used to denote both tempo and other performance directions in this repertory .

The professional records management role will need to be a facilitating , not a hands-on one .
the professional records management role will need to be a [helping] , not a hands-on one .

Companies Act 1985 , section 722 ( 2 ) : Where information is held in a form other than in a ‘ bound book ’ , then ‘ adequate precautions shall be taken for guarding against falsification and facilitating its discovery ’ .
companies act 1985 , section 722 ( 2 ) : where information is held in a form other than in a ‘ bound book ’ , then ‘ adequate precautions shall be taken for guarding against falsification and [helping] its discovery ’ .

This is the report of a Working Party set up by the Judicial Studies Board with the objective of `` Facilitating a more uniform approach to the assessment `` of such damages .
this is the report of a working party set up by the judicial studies board with the objective of `` [helping] a more uniform approach to the assessment `` of such damages .

Furthermore , the system also came under attack as being unfair — hence undermining consent by calling into doubt the legitimacy of both the mode of election and the government produced by it — and for facilitating the adversary relationship between the parties , a relationship that significantly influenced public policy , but did so in a manner harmful to the interests of the country .
furthermore , the system also came under attack as being unfair — hence undermining consent by calling into doubt the legitimacy of both the mode of election and the government produced by it — and for [helping] the adversary relationship between the parties , a relationship that significantly influenced public policy , but did so in a manner harmful to the interests of the country .

The Panopticon achieved this by facilitating the potential for , but not necessarily the practice of , constant surveillance by allowing supervisory staff to see without being seen .
the panopticon achieved this by [helping] the potential for , but not necessarily the practice of , constant surveillance by allowing supervisory staff to see without being seen .

Their installation accords with the principles of the Panopticon both by facilitating the flow of information to supervisory staff and by curtailing the initiative and discretion of individual building occupants .
their installation accords with the principles of the panopticon both by [helping] the flow of information to supervisory staff and by curtailing the initiative and discretion of individual building occupants .

The treaty is a bilateral commitment with reciprocal rights and duties which contains no direct mention of the role of the United States in facilitating its conclusion , other than a general preambular reference to the Camp David framework for peace .
the treaty is a bilateral commitment with reciprocal rights and duties which contains no direct mention of the role of the united states in [helping] its conclusion , other than a general preambular reference to the camp david framework for peace .

Many third party claims arise out of regimes established for facilitating international transport and communications .
many third party claims arise out of regimes established for [helping] international transport and communications .

This positive facilitating function should not be lost sight of in our study of the negative controlling function .
this positive [helping] function should not be lost sight of in our study of the negative controlling function .

The conclusion was that ‘ children display a good deal of social learning of an incidental imitative sort , and that nurturance is one condition facilitating such imitative learning ’ .
the conclusion was that ‘ children display a good deal of social learning of an incidental imitative sort , and that nurturance is one condition [helping] such imitative learning ’ .

Neither approach seems entirely satisfactory , although the latter may have the advantage of facilitating a simple architecture , with a uni-directional flow of information from the bottom upwards .
neither approach seems entirely satisfactory , although the latter may have the advantage of [helping] a simple architecture , with a uni-directional flow of information from the bottom upwards .

On the other , by forcing prostitutes and their neighbours publicly to acknowledge what had previously been informally tolerated they introduced a stricter redefinition of acceptable behaviour , thereby facilitating the social isolation of prostitutes .
on the other , by forcing prostitutes and their neighbours publicly to acknowledge what had previously been informally tolerated they introduced a stricter redefinition of acceptable behaviour , thereby [helping] the social isolation of prostitutes .

Nevertheless , the crowding together of the poor in slums was seen to be dangerous — debilitating to health and facilitating possibly seditious communication of the kind which had led to the riots in Trafalgar Square in 1886 .
nevertheless , the crowding together of the poor in slums was seen to be dangerous — debilitating to health and [helping] possibly seditious communication of the kind which had led to the riots in trafalgar square in 1886 .

By facilitating the recycling of resources from surplus to deficit economies , the system 's stability was placed in jeopardy unless the flows could be maintained .
by [helping] the recycling of resources from surplus to deficit economies , the system 's stability was placed in jeopardy unless the flows could be maintained .

But the centre sees itself not only as a source for facilitating placements .
but the centre sees itself not only as a source for [helping] placements .

The culture of the professional ( autonomy ; allegiance to profession first and to organization second ; professional not organizational criteria for assessment of performance ; minimal managerial interference ) is in conflict with the power culture of management ( cooperation and control ; allegiance to organization goals ; facilitating processes and procedures ) .
the culture of the professional ( autonomy ; allegiance to profession first and to organization second ; professional not organizational criteria for assessment of performance ; minimal managerial interference ) is in conflict with the power culture of management ( cooperation and control ; allegiance to organization goals ; [helping] processes and procedures ) .

We report the clinical effects of a 30 second delay in cord clamping , holding the preterm infant in a position facilitating placental transfusion .
we report the clinical effects of a 30 second delay in cord clamping , holding the preterm infant in a position [helping] placental transfusion .

Maintaining the fetoplacental circulation intact until respiration is established allows drawing of blood from the placental ‘ reservoir , ’ facilitating pulmonary capillary filling and achieving better lung perfusion .
maintaining the fetoplacental circulation intact until respiration is established allows drawing of blood from the placental ‘ reservoir , ’ [helping] pulmonary capillary filling and achieving better lung perfusion .

Who is going to train consultants in the necessary counselling and facilitating skills ?
who is going to train consultants in the necessary counselling and [helping] skills ?

This allowed for fairly good availability of well selected donor organs thus more easily facilitating an urgent transplant programme .
this allowed for fairly good availability of well selected donor organs thus more easily [helping] an urgent transplant programme .

Recognising this as a structural problem and using educational and other networks to offer general practitioners maximum opportunity for discussion is a first step to facilitating their involvement .
recognising this as a structural problem and using educational and other networks to offer general practitioners maximum opportunity for discussion is a first step to [helping] their involvement .

Facilitating adult learning and developing self direction in students are skills in their own right .
[helping] adult learning and developing self direction in students are skills in their own right .

As we have argued elsewhere ( Wells and Robinson , 1982 ) , however , this should not be taken as evidence against the facilitating effect of an input containing clear , well-formed examples of the target language at an appropriate level of complexity .
as we have argued elsewhere ( wells and robinson , 1982 ) , however , this should not be taken as evidence against the [helping] effect of an input containing clear , well-formed examples of the target language at an appropriate level of complexity .

An additional important facilitating factor , although not specific to Wirral , was the possibility of smoking heroin , ‘ chasing the dragon ’ .
an additional important [helping] factor , although not specific to wirral , was the possibility of smoking heroin , ‘ chasing the dragon ’ .

They are defined in s.12 ( c ) as listed securities or securities in respect of which , not more than six months prior to the breach in question , information indicating the prices at which persons have dealt or were willing to deal in those securities has been published for the purpose of facilitating deals in those securities .
they are defined in s.12 ( c ) as listed securities or securities in respect of which , not more than six months prior to the breach in question , information indicating the prices at which persons have dealt or were willing to deal in those securities has been published for the purpose of [helping] deals in those securities .

These factors appear contradictory , but in fact both individualist and mechanised life-styles serve capitalism by increasing demand and facilitating the circulation of commodities produced .
these factors appear contradictory , but in fact both individualist and mechanised life-styles serve capitalism by increasing demand and [helping] the circulation of commodities produced .

facilitating the development of linked courses of various kinds ;
[helping] the development of linked courses of various kinds ;

Some boards had enthusiastic and confident training coordinators who went beyond being merely information providers and saw their role as facilitating the identification of needs and discussion of plans for a training programme .
some boards had enthusiastic and confident training coordinators who went beyond being merely information providers and saw their role as [helping] the identification of needs and discussion of plans for a training programme .

Many course combinations are possible during the first three years , facilitating transfer between these three streams .
many course combinations are possible during the first three years , [helping] transfer between these three streams .

To recap the method , direct taxes have a legal framework facilitating the assessment of the overall effective marginal tax rates .
to recap the method , direct taxes have a legal framework [helping] the assessment of the overall effective marginal tax rates .

Administrative control refers to the data that are gained by the presence of a wealth tax , enabling the cross-checking of statistics and facilitating good tax administration and reduced evasion .
administrative control refers to the data that are gained by the presence of a wealth tax , enabling the cross-checking of statistics and [helping] good tax administration and reduced evasion .

It was in these conditions that such amicable and intimate connections as existed between the two societies could begin to make a positive contribution , notably by facilitating and deepening the interchanges between policy-makers .
it was in these conditions that such amicable and intimate connections as existed between the two societies could begin to make a positive contribution , notably by [helping] and deepening the interchanges between policy-makers .

According to Gregory the slanders against Fredegund were intended to drive her from the court , thus facilitating the elevation of her stepson , Clovis , to the throne .
according to gregory the slanders against fredegund were intended to drive her from the court , thus [helping] the elevation of her stepson , clovis , to the throne .

Its centre lies in the recognition of what impedes the sight of love , whereas Scale 2 is occupied with facilitating recognition of the nature of God 's being — love — in man .
its centre lies in the recognition of what impedes the sight of love , whereas scale 2 is occupied with [helping] recognition of the nature of god 's being — love — in man .

This research project aims to develop understanding of the nature of trust in organisations and the role that different types of trust might play in facilitating the performance of people , and systems .
this research project aims to develop understanding of the nature of trust in organisations and the role that different types of trust might play in [helping] the performance of people , and systems .

focuses on the role which unions and employers ' associations play in hindering or facilitating government economic policy .
focuses on the role which unions and employers ' associations play in hindering or [helping] government economic policy .

The main aim of the programme is to improve British understanding of the nature and sources of Soviet foreign policy , particularly in Europe , by expanding scholarly research in this field and facilitating discussion between academics and practitioners , thus fostering a more informed public debate on this key policy issue .
the main aim of the programme is to improve british understanding of the nature and sources of soviet foreign policy , particularly in europe , by expanding scholarly research in this field and [helping] discussion between academics and practitioners , thus fostering a more informed public debate on this key policy issue .

In this situation , new information technologies represent a vast potential for understanding and facilitating necessary change within an organisation .
in this situation , new information technologies represent a vast potential for understanding and [helping] necessary change within an organisation .

True integration involves facilitating Disabled people 's representation throughout an organisation and facilitating full access so that all resources can be used on equal terms with non-Disabled people .
true integration involves [helping] disabled people 's representation throughout an organisation and [helping] full access so that all resources can be used on equal terms with non-disabled people .

Durkheim saw relations within localities as having a function in these processes , albeit a mainly facilitating one .
durkheim saw relations within localities as having a function in these processes , albeit a mainly [helping] one .

While he did not dispute that in many cases money had been levied that was twice what was necessary for satisfactory repair , and even then that the work carried out had been slovenly or even not done at all , the great laissez-faire economist had been convinced by the turnpikes that so far as public works `` for facilitating commerce in general `` were concerned , `` the greater part may easily be so managed as to afford a particular revenue sufficient for defraying their own expense , without bringing any burden upon the general revenue of society `` .
while he did not dispute that in many cases money had been levied that was twice what was necessary for satisfactory repair , and even then that the work carried out had been slovenly or even not done at all , the great laissez-faire economist had been convinced by the turnpikes that so far as public works `` for [helping] commerce in general `` were concerned , `` the greater part may easily be so managed as to afford a particular revenue sufficient for defraying their own expense , without bringing any burden upon the general revenue of society `` .

Mr. Secretary Lilley , supported by the Prime Minister , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Secretary Heseltine , Mr. Secretary Wakeham , Mr. Secretary Brooke , Mr. Secretary Hunt , Mr. Secretary Lang , Mr. John Redwood and Mr. Edward Leigh , presented a Bill to make provision with respect to standards of performance and service to customers in relation to the telecommunications , gas supply , electricity supply , water supply and sewerage service industries ; to make provision with respect to complaints by , and disputes with , customers in those industries ; to make provision with respect to the powers of the regulators of those industries and with respect to related matters ; to make provision with respect to the payment of deposits by customers of certain telecommunications operators ; to make further provision for facilitating effective competition in certain of those industries ; to make provision with respect to mergers of water or sewerage undertakers ; to make provision with respect to compliance orders against public gas suppliers ; and for connected purposes : And the same was read the First time ; and ordered to be read a Second time on Monday next and to be printed .
mr. secretary lilley , supported by the prime minister , mr. chancellor of the exchequer , mr. secretary heseltine , mr. secretary wakeham , mr. secretary brooke , mr. secretary hunt , mr. secretary lang , mr. john redwood and mr. edward leigh , presented a bill to make provision with respect to standards of performance and service to customers in relation to the telecommunications , gas supply , electricity supply , water supply and sewerage service industries ; to make provision with respect to complaints by , and disputes with , customers in those industries ; to make provision with respect to the powers of the regulators of those industries and with respect to related matters ; to make provision with respect to the payment of deposits by customers of certain telecommunications operators ; to make further provision for [helping] effective competition in certain of those industries ; to make provision with respect to mergers of water or sewerage undertakers ; to make provision with respect to compliance orders against public gas suppliers ; and for connected purposes : and the same was read the first time ; and ordered to be read a second time on monday next and to be printed .

The Archive has also continued the process of investigating the most effective methods of describing and facilitating access to quantitative social science data .
the archive has also continued the process of investigating the most effective methods of describing and [helping] access to quantitative social science data .

processes underlying identity formation and social integration ; processes underlying the formation of self concepts and facilitating or inhibiting assimilation with social roles/relationships/sub cultures/groups ;
processes underlying identity formation and social integration ; processes underlying the formation of self concepts and [helping] or inhibiting assimilation with social roles/relationships/sub cultures/groups ;

Although there are a number of different means of facilitating the alphabetical subject approach to documents and information , all these different approaches share common problems .
although there are a number of different means of [helping] the alphabetical subject approach to documents and information , all these different approaches share common problems .

Trace elements such as Sm , Dy , Eu , Er , Ce and Pb act as sensitizers or ‘ co-activators ’ , facilitating Mn 2 + activation ( Mukherjee , 1948 ; Schulman et al .
trace elements such as sm , dy , eu , er , ce and pb act as sensitizers or ‘ co-activators ’ , [helping] mn 2 + activation ( mukherjee , 1948 ; schulman et al .

Questions to ask before facilitating linking ?
questions to ask before [helping] linking ?

Development of skills , such as coaching , supporting , facilitating .
development of skills , such as coaching , supporting , [helping] .

The Hezbollah election programme , as announced by the party 's secretary-general Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah on Aug. 6 , asserted the importance to Lebanon of `` resistance against the Zionist occupation `` , and pledged to support `` the resistance fighters , facilitating their jihad and providing them with official and popular political protection `` .
the hezbollah election programme , as announced by the party 's secretary-general sheikh hassan nasrallah on aug. 6 , asserted the importance to lebanon of `` resistance against the zionist occupation `` , and pledged to support `` the resistance fighters , [helping] their jihad and providing them with official and popular political protection `` .

Petsos received a 10-month suspended sentence for corruptly facilitating planning permission for a press complex which Koskotas had built near Athens .
petsos received a 10-month suspended sentence for corruptly [helping] planning permission for a press complex which koskotas had built near athens .

These activities also provide an opportunity for developing effective working relationships with departments and for facilitating the means by which staff can develop skills that are specific to the needs of particular departments .
these activities also provide an opportunity for developing effective working relationships with departments and for [helping] the means by which staff can develop skills that are specific to the needs of particular departments .

As well as kinder practices at parish level there was a more marked emphasis by reformers on finding alternative methods of helping the poor , for example in facilitating the setting up of friendly societies , the most popular vehicle for self-help .
as well as kinder practices at parish level there was a more marked emphasis by reformers on finding alternative methods of helping the poor , for example in [helping] the setting up of friendly societies , the most popular vehicle for self-help .

The study reported in this paper has adopted the latter approach and has explored one of the constant metabolic effects of ethanol on the pancreas — namely , increased lysosomal fragility , which may render the organ susceptible to autodigestion by facilitating contact between pancreatic digestive enzymes and lysosomal hydrolases .
the study reported in this paper has adopted the latter approach and has explored one of the constant metabolic effects of ethanol on the pancreas — namely , increased lysosomal fragility , which may render the organ susceptible to autodigestion by [helping] contact between pancreatic digestive enzymes and lysosomal hydrolases .

The bromodeoxyuridine technique has many advantages over this technique as it is complete in 3–4 days compared with 14 days for tritiated thymidine and furthermore the reaction is found in the plane of the tissue section facilitating rapid cell counting .
the bromodeoxyuridine technique has many advantages over this technique as it is complete in 3–4 days compared with 14 days for tritiated thymidine and furthermore the reaction is found in the plane of the tissue section [helping] rapid cell counting .

An employee share trust has been established with a view to facilitating the recruitment and retention of employees ( other than Directors ) .
an employee share trust has been established with a view to [helping] the recruitment and retention of employees ( other than directors ) .

Most of the value in video work remained in the area of classroom organization and the teacher gaining control over the class and facilitating day to day survival .
most of the value in video work remained in the area of classroom organization and the teacher gaining control over the class and [helping] day to day survival .

But the problems are offset by the relatively large number of ( marble ) portraits which have survived , thus facilitating their classification and identification .
but the problems are offset by the relatively large number of ( marble ) portraits which have survived , thus [helping] their classification and identification .

One facilitating cause was the way Zuwaya settled in the 1950s .
one [helping] cause was the way zuwaya settled in the 1950s .

aircraft parking apron capable of facilitating the latest and largest version of the Boeing 747–400 series .
aircraft parking apron capable of [helping] the latest and largest version of the boeing 747–400 series .

It helps to co-ordinate resources ( especially people ) and processes , facilitating the optimum use of resources and time .
it helps to co-ordinate resources ( especially people ) and processes , [helping] the optimum use of resources and time .

Firstly , quality is the primary responsibility of senior management who must transmit quality values to all but must also build quality into managerial relationships , notably through communication , commitment , recognition and providing facilitating structures in the context of explicit objectives .
firstly , quality is the primary responsibility of senior management who must transmit quality values to all but must also build quality into managerial relationships , notably through communication , commitment , recognition and providing [helping] structures in the context of explicit objectives .

Facilitator : providing guidance , advice and acting as a resource for personal and team development , i.e. facilitating motivation , stimulating effective communication and providing recognition and feedback .
facilitator : providing guidance , advice and acting as a resource for personal and team development , i.e. [helping] motivation , stimulating effective communication and providing recognition and feedback .

Individual needs : giving praise and recognition , resolving conflict and facilitating individual growth and development .
individual needs : giving praise and recognition , resolving conflict and [helping] individual growth and development .

Those that increase inclusive fitness through behaviour facilitating reproduction by relatives are nepotistic .
those that increase inclusive fitness through behaviour [helping] reproduction by relatives are nepotistic .

if the manager is helpful , facilitating , receptive to ideas and able to plan , people not only like it but respond to it
if the manager is helpful , [helping] , receptive to ideas and able to plan , people not only like it but respond to it

facilitating the flow of information from external sources .
[helping] the flow of information from external sources .

In many cases , one or more of those parents are suspected of abusing the children , and in the case of organised abuse , also facilitating abuse by others .
in many cases , one or more of those parents are suspected of abusing the children , and in the case of organised abuse , also [helping] abuse by others .

‘ The goal was to develop a research process that would result in systematic , accurate collection of land ownership data while facilitating maximum participation and potential for follow-up action . ’
‘ the goal was to develop a research process that would result in systematic , accurate collection of land ownership data while [helping] maximum participation and potential for follow-up action . ’

At the same time as setting up and equipping new residential projects , the CMHTs also played a major role in preparing and supporting residents through , for example : assessing and training individuals with a mental handicap ; enabling parents ‘ to let go ’ ; and either directly providing or facilitating continuing support for residents .
at the same time as setting up and equipping new residential projects , the cmhts also played a major role in preparing and supporting residents through , for example : assessing and training individuals with a mental handicap ; enabling parents ‘ to let go ’ ; and either directly providing or [helping] continuing support for residents .

The policy document suggested here could also be of use in this regard , by facilitating local discussion and thus helping to keep the development effort in line with the wishes and aspirations of the people .
the policy document suggested here could also be of use in this regard , by [helping] local discussion and thus helping to keep the development effort in line with the wishes and aspirations of the people .

Exclusive : For accountancy reasons and facilitating identification of stock usage stores should be exclusive to the area or cost centre serviced .
exclusive : for accountancy reasons and [helping] identification of stock usage stores should be exclusive to the area or cost centre serviced .

These three facilitating conditions are predicated upon the nature of the local political economy-who has power and how it is exercised ; upon the nature of the state , and the interests and ideology of people who serve in government ( e.g .
these three [helping] conditions are predicated upon the nature of the local political economy-who has power and how it is exercised ; upon the nature of the state , and the interests and ideology of people who serve in government ( e.g .

In this respect , their rhetoric had the principal aim of facilitating the reader 's response to these otherwise ‘ incomprehensible ’ texts whose erosion of conventional contours impeded the reader 's access .
in this respect , their rhetoric had the principal aim of [helping] the reader 's response to these otherwise ‘ incomprehensible ’ texts whose erosion of conventional contours impeded the reader 's access .

Following the Rogers decision , an amendment was made to the law requiring LEAs to make such transport arrangements as they deem necessary for the purpose of facilitating the attendance of pupils at school .
following the rogers decision , an amendment was made to the law requiring leas to make such transport arrangements as they deem necessary for the purpose of [helping] the attendance of pupils at school .

He later argued ( 1989 ) that public participation via community activity fostered a value-free image which obscured the involvement of state officials in facilitating the activities of institutionally recognised groups .
he later argued ( 1989 ) that public participation via community activity fostered a value-free image which obscured the involvement of state officials in [helping] the activities of institutionally recognised groups .

The trainer 's task is to explore more deeply , by facilitating an exchange of views over what else might happen and what passes through the minds of the adviser and client as a result of particular approaches .
the trainer 's task is to explore more deeply , by [helping] an exchange of views over what else might happen and what passes through the minds of the adviser and client as a result of particular approaches .

At the Gynn , the ravine was bridged and an elaborate tramway layout constructed , facilitating cars reversing in both directions .
at the gynn , the ravine was bridged and an elaborate tramway layout constructed , [helping] cars reversing in both directions .

They will act in a facilitating role to help in focusing on more general social and economic need .
they will act in a [helping] role to help in focusing on more general social and economic need .

Equivalent ( rather than identical ) standards in the member states have certainly provided the basis for facilitating cross-border transactions in other areas of Community law .
equivalent ( rather than identical ) standards in the member states have certainly provided the basis for [helping] cross-border transactions in other areas of community law .

Historically , this distinction between ownership ( by the shareholders ) and management ( by the board ) was aimed at facilitating non-participatory investment on the one hand and specialised decision-making responsibility on the other .
historically , this distinction between ownership ( by the shareholders ) and management ( by the board ) was aimed at [helping] non-participatory investment on the one hand and specialised decision-making responsibility on the other .

‘ a management tool comprising a systematic , documented , periodic and objective evaluation of how well environmental organisation , management and equipment are performing with the aim of helping to safeguard the environment by : ( i ) facilitating management control of environmental practices ; and ( ii ) assessing compliance with company policies , which would include meeting regulatory requirements ’ .
‘ a management tool comprising a systematic , documented , periodic and objective evaluation of how well environmental organisation , management and equipment are performing with the aim of helping to safeguard the environment by : ( i ) [helping] management control of environmental practices ; and ( ii ) assessing compliance with company policies , which would include meeting regulatory requirements ’ .

Particular attention should be paid to facilitating communication between the partners , especially in the treatment sessions .
particular attention should be paid to [helping] communication between the partners , especially in the treatment sessions .

Rate exemption was also seen as the most important factor in facilitating additional investment and in explaining why companies located in the zones .
rate exemption was also seen as the most important factor in [helping] additional investment and in explaining why companies located in the zones .

The principles of logarithms were discovered in the seventeenth century ; they gave a tremendous technical spur to navigation , astronomy and to the growing commercial sector , facilitating tedious calculations , like nineteen months ' interest at an annual rate of 2.79 per cent .
the principles of logarithms were discovered in the seventeenth century ; they gave a tremendous technical spur to navigation , astronomy and to the growing commercial sector , [helping] tedious calculations , like nineteen months ' interest at an annual rate of 2.79 per cent .

The chief applications of tissue culture are given in Table 8.6 and range from the relatively simple production of large numbers of plants by cloning to the more sophisticated production of new species and useful chemicals , as well as facilitating genetic engineering which will be discussed in section 8.4.3 .
the chief applications of tissue culture are given in table 8.6 and range from the relatively simple production of large numbers of plants by cloning to the more sophisticated production of new species and useful chemicals , as well as [helping] genetic engineering which will be discussed in section 8.4.3 .

Having commented on the perceived need for information-giving experienced by staff , patients and relatives , it is interesting to note some recent work which shows that facilitating certain strategies for coping during stressful procedures is more effective than information per se for reducing signs of distress .
having commented on the perceived need for information-giving experienced by staff , patients and relatives , it is interesting to note some recent work which shows that [helping] certain strategies for coping during stressful procedures is more effective than information per se for reducing signs of distress .

Although these changes have provided strong motivation for increased channel coordination , the development and implementation of key facilitating technologies—like bar codes , the later spread of EDI , and automated distribution centers—have been the real movers here .
although these changes have provided strong motivation for increased channel coordination , the development and implementation of key [helping] technologies—like bar codes , the later spread of edi , and automated distribution centers—have been the real movers here .

These have begun to create integrated channels among enterprises in the three industries , facilitating even more product proliferation and stimulating changes in merchandising , inventory management , internal production practices , and methods of using human resources .
these have begun to create integrated channels among enterprises in the three industries , [helping] even more product proliferation and stimulating changes in merchandising , inventory management , internal production practices , and methods of using human resources .

We have improved the lives of children -- by resolving complicated and hostile family disputes , by facilitating adoptions and custody agreements , and by helping children find the comfort , the certainty and the safety of home and family .
we have improved the lives of children -- by resolving complicated and hostile family disputes , by [helping] adoptions and custody agreements , and by helping children find the comfort , the certainty and the safety of home and family .

Since data from other studies indicate that facilitating the referral and making the connections increase compliance , the intervention ideally should have a component of compliance enhancement if it includes referral to community treatment programs .
since data from other studies indicate that [helping] the referral and making the connections increase compliance , the intervention ideally should have a component of compliance enhancement if it includes referral to community treatment programs .

Recommendation # 7 Research is needed to explore and define the role of information technology in facilitating screening and intervention for alcohol problems among ED patients .
recommendation # 7 research is needed to explore and define the role of information technology in [helping] screening and intervention for alcohol problems among ed patients .

In addition to providing top-level leadership and accountability , the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.15 A cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a `` line of sight '' showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.16 Further accountability can be achieved by ensuring that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department ( e.g , Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) , Chief Financial Officers Act , Clinger-Cohen Act , etc . ) .
in addition to providing top-level leadership and accountability , the department will need to develop employee performance management systems that can serve as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and [helping] communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.15 a cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a `` line of sight '' showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals.16 further accountability can be achieved by ensuring that all relevant management laws are applied to the new department ( e.g , government performance and results act ( gpra ) , chief financial officers act , clinger-cohen act , etc . ) .

General Electric General Electric 's ( GE ) education and training programs have played a crucial role in changing the organizational culture and facilitating both financial and nonfinancial improvement initiatives .
general electric general electric 's ( ge ) education and training programs have played a crucial role in changing the organizational culture and [helping] both financial and nonfinancial improvement initiatives .

The missions of the Customs Service-the oldest federal agency-are to ensure that goods and persons entering and exiting the United States comply with all U.S. laws and regulations , while also facilitating the legitimate movement of goods and persons through U.S. ports .
the missions of the customs service-the oldest federal agency-are to ensure that goods and persons entering and exiting the united states comply with all u.s. laws and regulations , while also [helping] the legitimate movement of goods and persons through u.s. ports .

This approach reduced the amount of risk in the development of each increment , facilitating greater success in meeting cost , schedule , and performance requirements .
this approach reduced the amount of risk in the development of each increment , [helping] greater success in meeting cost , schedule , and performance requirements .

This approach reduces the amount of risk in the development of each increment , facilitating greater success in meeting cost , schedule , and performance requirements .
this approach reduces the amount of risk in the development of each increment , [helping] greater success in meeting cost , schedule , and performance requirements .

The benefits have been enormous in terms of facilitating communications , business processes , and access to information .
the benefits have been enormous in terms of [helping] communications , business processes , and access to information .

The Congress can play a key role in facilitating the information-sharing aspect of critical infrastructure protection , as it did regarding the Year 2000 computing challenge .
the congress can play a key role in [helping] the information-sharing aspect of critical infrastructure protection , as it did regarding the year 2000 computing challenge .

As such , the NCC is responsible for facilitating the exchange of information among government and industry participants regarding computer-based vulnerability , threat , and intrusion information affecting the telecommunications infrastructure .
as such , the ncc is responsible for [helping] the exchange of information among government and industry participants regarding computer-based vulnerability , threat , and intrusion information affecting the telecommunications infrastructure .

DOT officials told us that the electronic docket has become the official rulemaking record for the department , enabling DOT to save over a million dollars each year in administrative costs and facilitating the rulemaking process in other ways ( e.g. , permitting agency professionals to review comments at their desks or at home ) .
dot officials told us that the electronic docket has become the official rulemaking record for the department , enabling dot to save over a million dollars each year in administrative costs and [helping] the rulemaking process in other ways ( e.g. , permitting agency professionals to review comments at their desks or at home ) .

Leading organizations use their performance management systems as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and facilitating communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.5 Performance management systems in these leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .
leading organizations use their performance management systems as a key tool for aligning institutional , unit , and employee performance ; achieving results ; accelerating change ; managing the organization on a day-to-day basis ; and [helping] communication throughout the year so that discussions about individual and organizational performance are integrated and ongoing.5 performance management systems in these leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .

The project is dedicated to raising the standard of practice in legal services programs by encouraging the cross-fertilization of innovative practices through facilitating the voluntary exchange of exemplary practices .
the project is dedicated to raising the standard of practice in legal services programs by encouraging the cross-fertilization of innovative practices through [helping] the voluntary exchange of exemplary practices .

KSM and Abu Zubaydah each played key roles in facilitating travel for al Qaeda operatives .
ksm and abu zubaydah each played key roles in [helping] travel for al qaeda operatives .

On Banihammad , see CIA analytic report , `` Facilitating Disaster : An Overview of 11 September Finance , '' CTC 2002-40093H , Aug. 22 , 2002 , p. 4 85 .
on banihammad , see cia analytic report , `` [helping] disaster : an overview of 11 september finance , '' ctc 2002-40093h , aug. 22 , 2002 , p. 4 85 .

For some genes , duplication confers an immediate selective advantage by facilitating elevated expression , or as Ohno put it , ‘ duplication for the sake of producing more of the same ’ .
for some genes , duplication confers an immediate selective advantage by [helping] elevated expression , or as ohno put it , ‘ duplication for the sake of producing more of the same ’ .

The CCAL also ensures that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby facilitating their permanent accessibility and preservation .
the ccal also ensures that institutions are permitted to archive not only articles written by their own faculty , but all other works published under the same legal terms as well , thereby [helping] their permanent accessibility and preservation .

These non-Euclidean geometries have made significant contributions to biology in facilitating , for example , mapping the brain onto a flat surface ( Hurdal et al .
these non-euclidean geometries have made significant contributions to biology in [helping] , for example , mapping the brain onto a flat surface ( hurdal et al .

Most saliently , we both recognize the critically important role played by academic biomedical scientists in making discoveries and in facilitating their efficient translation into beneficial products .
most saliently , we both recognize the critically important role played by academic biomedical scientists in making discoveries and in [helping] their efficient translation into beneficial products .

These micro-relays sum up the input from same chemoreceptors , tremendously increasing the signal-to-noise ratio , and thus facilitating reliable odorant detection [ 26 ] .
these micro-relays sum up the input from same chemoreceptors , tremendously increasing the signal-to-noise ratio , and thus [helping] reliable odorant detection [ 26 ] .

Upon this disruption , acetylated Tat is liberated from P-TEFb and recruits the p300/CREB-binding protein– associated factor ( P-CAF ) to the elongating RNAPIIo , most likely facilitating chromatin remodeling .
upon this disruption , acetylated tat is liberated from p-tefb and recruits the p300/creb-binding protein– associated factor ( p-caf ) to the elongating rnapiio , most likely [helping] chromatin remodeling .

This result demonstrates that the DNA display method is capable of facilitating the discovery of functional molecules by enabling in vitro selection methods to be applied to molecules generated by split-and-pool combinatorial synthesis .
this result demonstrates that the dna display method is capable of [helping] the discovery of functional molecules by enabling in vitro selection methods to be applied to molecules generated by split-and-pool combinatorial synthesis .

Various parties in the dispute blamed : 1 ) Ocalan , for causing thousands of deaths over the years ; 2 ) Turkey , for suppressing the Kurds and barring Ocalan 's lawyers from his upcoming trial ; 3 ) Greece , for helping him evade capture ; and 4 ) Israel , for allegedly facilitating his capture .
various parties in the dispute blamed : 1 ) ocalan , for causing thousands of deaths over the years ; 2 ) turkey , for suppressing the kurds and barring ocalan 's lawyers from his upcoming trial ; 3 ) greece , for helping him evade capture ; and 4 ) israel , for allegedly [helping] his capture .

From a political standpoint , Clinton 's true payoff for facilitating the peace deal is to put the Monica Lewinsky scandal behind him .
from a political standpoint , clinton 's true payoff for [helping] the peace deal is to put the monica lewinsky scandal behind him .

Clinton is blasted for taking donations from Chinese military sources , facilitating technology transfer to China , and appeasing the still brutal , still Communist dictatorship .
clinton is blasted for taking donations from chinese military sources , [helping] technology transfer to china , and appeasing the still brutal , still communist dictatorship .

By facilitating instant contributions , the Internet could help candidates capitalize quickly on early primary wins by buying more TV ads .
by [helping] instant contributions , the internet could help candidates capitalize quickly on early primary wins by buying more tv ads .

At the time , notes the paper , President Clinton was facilitating the Chinese launch of American civilian communications satellites .
at the time , notes the paper , president clinton was [helping] the chinese launch of american civilian communications satellites .

Because eBay is essentially just facilitating interactions between buyers and sellers and not building or even really selling anything itself , its gross margins ( that is , the cost of actually providing its `` goods '' ) are almost guaranteed to remain high .
because ebay is essentially just [helping] interactions between buyers and sellers and not building or even really selling anything itself , its gross margins ( that is , the cost of actually providing its `` goods '' ) are almost guaranteed to remain high .

The metaphor emphasizes stability 's virtues ( facilitating `` openness '' and `` innovation '' ) over its drawbacks ( stifling competition ) .
the metaphor emphasizes stability 's virtues ( [helping] `` openness '' and `` innovation '' ) over its drawbacks ( stifling competition ) .

However , the ruling underscores the need of facilitating market access for newcomers and of respecting consumer interests . ''
however , the ruling underscores the need of [helping] market access for newcomers and of respecting consumer interests . ''

It could also swell the underground economy , as people use it to pay for services , facilitating the avoidance of federal income tax .
it could also swell the underground economy , as people use it to pay for services , [helping] the avoidance of federal income tax .

Its facilitating role is to create a new word from an existing one owing to some similarity in their referents .
its [helping] role is to create a new word from an existing one owing to some similarity in their referents .

How clever it is , though , that metaphor , the great facilitating factor in the changing of word meanings , has carefully camouflaged the unmentionables of the current day .
how clever it is , though , that metaphor , the great [helping] factor in the changing of word meanings , has carefully camouflaged the unmentionables of the current day .

To the very contrary : it brings forth a deep sense of sadness because what was supposed to be a serious attempt at facilitating the Census count , a sort of “ first aid ” assistance in answering the Census Form , looks like the work of a child who took several pages from a Yiddish book , cut them up with his plastic scissors into tiny pieces of various shapes and sizes and then playfully pasted them together .
to the very contrary : it brings forth a deep sense of sadness because what was supposed to be a serious attempt at [helping] the census count , a sort of “ first aid ” assistance in answering the census form , looks like the work of a child who took several pages from a yiddish book , cut them up with his plastic scissors into tiny pieces of various shapes and sizes and then playfully pasted them together .

