Communication may be facilitated by means of the high visibility within the larger community .
communication may be [helped] by means of the high visibility within the larger community .

The isolation of genes encoding proteins with known binding properties has recently been facilitated by selection technologies .
the isolation of genes encoding proteins with known binding properties has recently been [helped] by selection technologies .

such a post might be based in a region , so that a more concentrated attempt at servicing contract volunteers and developing networks is facilitated as ‘ an experiment ’ .
such a post might be based in a region , so that a more concentrated attempt at servicing contract volunteers and developing networks is [helped] as ‘ an experiment ’ .

The mental subtractions and divisions necessary for examining the content of a table are thereby facilitated .
the mental subtractions and divisions necessary for examining the content of a table are thereby [helped] .

The Monnet Plan itself undoubtedly facilitated the reconstruction of the basic sectors .
the monnet plan itself undoubtedly [helped] the reconstruction of the basic sectors .

It retained water and yet had subtle membranes which permitted air to penetrate and facilitated waste disposal of the embryo .
it retained water and yet had subtle membranes which permitted air to penetrate and [helped] waste disposal of the embryo .

Anthropologists , in tracing the evolution of Homo sapiens from more primitive quadruped simian species , assumed that bipedalism facilitated the free use of hands from their role in locomotion .
anthropologists , in tracing the evolution of homo sapiens from more primitive quadruped simian species , assumed that bipedalism [helped] the free use of hands from their role in locomotion .

In the 1760s improvements were made to Patrington Haven , a small port on the river Humber in the days before much of the land was reclaimed , and this facilitated the export of corn from South Holderness to places like the growing towns of the West Riding .
in the 1760s improvements were made to patrington haven , a small port on the river humber in the days before much of the land was reclaimed , and this [helped] the export of corn from south holderness to places like the growing towns of the west riding .

This led him to focus on the top social stratum as the primary location of anomie , for it was power and not poverty that facilitated too easily the personal achievement of socially inculcated cultural ambitions .
this led him to focus on the top social stratum as the primary location of anomie , for it was power and not poverty that [helped] too easily the personal achievement of socially inculcated cultural ambitions .

In this way it facilitated public representation of the relationship between the state , capital , and an emerging working class as one of pre-eminent moral stature .
in this way it [helped] public representation of the relationship between the state , capital , and an emerging working class as one of pre-eminent moral stature .

These developments were greatly facilitated and consolidated by the personal characteristics of a series of kings .
these developments were greatly [helped] and consolidated by the personal characteristics of a series of kings .

This could be facilitated by the construction of a new residential environment , with the street rebuilt without pavements and used for both motorised and foot traffic , with space shared , uses mingling and with all users granted equivalence .
this could be [helped] by the construction of a new residential environment , with the street rebuilt without pavements and used for both motorised and foot traffic , with space shared , uses mingling and with all users granted equivalence .

Successful practice requires a thorough understanding of how a shift from practical to verbal consciousness occurs and may be facilitated .
successful practice requires a thorough understanding of how a shift from practical to verbal consciousness occurs and may be [helped] .

With the Earl of Dunbar in outright co-operation with King Edward , invasion of Scotland on the east would be greatly facilitated .
with the earl of dunbar in outright co-operation with king edward , invasion of scotland on the east would be greatly [helped] .

Instead of centring his analyses on the knowledge derived from the experience of the subject , Foucault investigates the conditions of emergence of the subject as the basis of knowledge ; he argues that at the same time as it was widely proposed as the one saving good of human civilization it also facilitated a more sinister operation .
instead of centring his analyses on the knowledge derived from the experience of the subject , foucault investigates the conditions of emergence of the subject as the basis of knowledge ; he argues that at the same time as it was widely proposed as the one saving good of human civilization it also [helped] a more sinister operation .

In Discipline and Punish Foucault demonstrates how the individual is constituted through specific technologies of power ; in the History of Sexuality , he shows the extent to which the human sciences , including medicine and the practice of psychoanalysis , facilitated the extension of control beyond the limits of the body in the construction of the inner realms of subjectivity , consciousness and experience .
in discipline and punish foucault demonstrates how the individual is constituted through specific technologies of power ; in the history of sexuality , he shows the extent to which the human sciences , including medicine and the practice of psychoanalysis , [helped] the extension of control beyond the limits of the body in the construction of the inner realms of subjectivity , consciousness and experience .

… the Act has facilitated progress and there has been some encouragement of home teaching programmes through educational support grants .
… the act has [helped] progress and there has been some encouragement of home teaching programmes through educational support grants .

Representation on special needs was also made to the Select Committee , by teachers ' associations and others , making the point that early identification of delay difficulties is facilitated when the provisions and structures are in place .
representation on special needs was also made to the select committee , by teachers ' associations and others , making the point that early identification of delay difficulties is [helped] when the provisions and structures are in place .

Sensitive intervention of this kind is greatly facilitated in classrooms where group discussion approaches are used .
sensitive intervention of this kind is greatly [helped] in classrooms where group discussion approaches are used .

If habituation is involved in displacing preferences away from the familiar to individuals that are slightly different , then the learning process may be facilitated by the performance of precocious sexual behaviour which is common enough in humans ( Finkelhor , 1980 ) as it is in other animals .
if habituation is involved in displacing preferences away from the familiar to individuals that are slightly different , then the learning process may be [helped] by the performance of precocious sexual behaviour which is common enough in humans ( finkelhor , 1980 ) as it is in other animals .

But it does not now have these rights although it is highly desirable ( for us ) that its future progress towards them be facilitated .
but it does not now have these rights although it is highly desirable ( for us ) that its future progress towards them be [helped] .

At this point , it would have been pleasant to record a series of strategies by which they had been facilitated .
at this point , it would have been pleasant to record a series of strategies by which they had been [helped] .

Detecting these patterns and helping them be most noticeable in the book has been facilitated by the programs to traverse the document and programs which give summaries of the characteristics of the node names .
detecting these patterns and helping them be most noticeable in the book has been [helped] by the programs to traverse the document and programs which give summaries of the characteristics of the node names .

By placing the paragraphs on the node-link-node triples , the traversal of the semantic net and the generation of cohesive linear documents is also facilitated , as paragraphs are invoked only when the two nodes which they connect are simultaneously considered .
by placing the paragraphs on the node-link-node triples , the traversal of the semantic net and the generation of cohesive linear documents is also [helped] , as paragraphs are invoked only when the two nodes which they connect are simultaneously considered .

In residential homes a couple who want to live together and express themselves sexually have in the past received ridicule if not hostility , instead of facilitated support .
in residential homes a couple who want to live together and express themselves sexually have in the past received ridicule if not hostility , instead of [helped] support .

Network meetings provide an opportunity and a space , facilitated by the social worker and other professionals , in which concerns surrounding continuing care in the community for a particular person can be voiced and talked through .
network meetings provide an opportunity and a space , [helped] by the social worker and other professionals , in which concerns surrounding continuing care in the community for a particular person can be voiced and talked through .

Anything over two constitutes a group , but sharing and transference are facilitated better with more people .
anything over two constitutes a group , but sharing and transference are [helped] better with more people .

Often this was facilitated by the lack of proper axes and poor adherence to basic rules of graph construction and design .
often this was [helped] by the lack of proper axes and poor adherence to basic rules of graph construction and design .

The Institute can take pride in having , as part of its reform agenda , facilitated the formation of the Auditing Practices Board , which has recently published a Green Paper on the future development of auditing .
the institute can take pride in having , as part of its reform agenda , [helped] the formation of the auditing practices board , which has recently published a green paper on the future development of auditing .

Interpretation of the passage is thereby facilitated and one can use it selectively to pick up additional information to extend the schema — that the reaction referred to is known as saponification , for example .
interpretation of the passage is thereby [helped] and one can use it selectively to pick up additional information to extend the schema — that the reaction referred to is known as saponification , for example .

Thus vigorous magmatic degassing within the edifice is facilitated and the probability of explosive eruption is decreased .
thus vigorous magmatic degassing within the edifice is [helped] and the probability of explosive eruption is decreased .

Workshops facilitated by the speakers and the conference organising group examined integration policies , overcoming practical problems for children in integrated provision and available sources of information .
workshops [helped] by the speakers and the conference organising group examined integration policies , overcoming practical problems for children in integrated provision and available sources of information .

Professional rivalries often prevent a single person being the means by which services to meet individual needs are facilitated .
professional rivalries often prevent a single person being the means by which services to meet individual needs are [helped] .

In contrast , the pension systems introduced in most other Western European countries facilitated flexible retirement ages by establishing a relationship on sliding scales between earnings and pensions .
in contrast , the pension systems introduced in most other western european countries [helped] flexible retirement ages by establishing a relationship on sliding scales between earnings and pensions .

Other significant phenomena which have emerged from such studies are that simple reversals of the numbers are a common form of error , accurate reproduction is facilitated by deliberate grouping in twos or threes and the ends of a span seem to be less prone to error than the middle .
other significant phenomena which have emerged from such studies are that simple reversals of the numbers are a common form of error , accurate reproduction is [helped] by deliberate grouping in twos or threes and the ends of a span seem to be less prone to error than the middle .

Thus in countries where industrialisation and the establishment of the trade union movement came somewhat later this facilitated the organisation of industrial rather than craft unions and , in turn , often contributed to a strongly socialist influence over the labour movement .
thus in countries where industrialisation and the establishment of the trade union movement came somewhat later this [helped] the organisation of industrial rather than craft unions and , in turn , often contributed to a strongly socialist influence over the labour movement .

At an even earlier date in Australia , the development of employers ' associations had been facilitated by government intervention and by the increasing complexity of the legislative , labour-management framework ( see Chapter 5 ) .
at an even earlier date in australia , the development of employers ' associations had been [helped] by government intervention and by the increasing complexity of the legislative , labour-management framework ( see chapter 5 ) .

It was the economic rationality of the market and the scientific rationality of research and technology that facilitated the process of laicisation .
it was the economic rationality of the market and the scientific rationality of research and technology that [helped] the process of laicisation .

It could be argued also that the nuclear family has facilitated the improvement of women 's status within the home .
it could be argued also that the nuclear family has [helped] the improvement of women 's status within the home .

But where their particular disability impairs their access to the curriculum , this access should be facilitated by alternative means , and it should be recognised that the problem of access may hinder their initial progress , though they may be expected to catch up later .
but where their particular disability impairs their access to the curriculum , this access should be [helped] by alternative means , and it should be recognised that the problem of access may hinder their initial progress , though they may be expected to catch up later .

Activities of the local cooperative movement were facilitated by a strong trading position .
activities of the local cooperative movement were [helped] by a strong trading position .

Large absolute size was in turn facilitated by improvements in financing and management techniques and developments in organisational structure .
large absolute size was in turn [helped] by improvements in financing and management techniques and developments in organisational structure .

The division of labour facilitated by money leads to extreme differentiation of its products .
the division of labour [helped] by money leads to extreme differentiation of its products .

Technological changes such as computer-assisted design and computer-based inventory and production control have made small-batch production economical and facilitated the decentralization of production .
technological changes such as computer-assisted design and computer-based inventory and production control have made small-batch production economical and [helped] the decentralization of production .

It is as if the legislature wishes both to compromise the criminalizing effect of conviction and to mitigate the impact of a prosecution facilitated by strict liability ( cf .
it is as if the legislature wishes both to compromise the criminalizing effect of conviction and to mitigate the impact of a prosecution [helped] by strict liability ( cf .

This happy combination has facilitated travel up and down the Nile since long before the days of the Pharaohs .
this happy combination has [helped] travel up and down the nile since long before the days of the pharaohs .

The walls are lined with paintings depicting the Pharaoh engaged in the rituals which facilitated his passage to resurrection .
the walls are lined with paintings depicting the pharaoh engaged in the rituals which [helped] his passage to resurrection .

The groups are facilitated by University medical , nursing , education , and counselling students who help direct the interviews and lead youth through a defined curriculum .
the groups are [helped] by university medical , nursing , education , and counselling students who help direct the interviews and lead youth through a defined curriculum .

For others it follows ‘ exposure ’ or a facilitated visit to an urban poor or rural community .
for others it follows ‘ exposure ’ or a [helped] visit to an urban poor or rural community .

Central to this is the fact that scrutiny is facilitated by shared professional standards of valid inference , which , in turn , tend to be continually sharpened by debate within the profession .
central to this is the fact that scrutiny is [helped] by shared professional standards of valid inference , which , in turn , tend to be continually sharpened by debate within the profession .

Roman Italy again provides an analogy : the roads built by people like Aemilius Lepidus in the first half of the second century physically facilitated the political and cultural unification of Italy in the course of the next 150 years .
roman italy again provides an analogy : the roads built by people like aemilius lepidus in the first half of the second century physically [helped] the political and cultural unification of italy in the course of the next 150 years .

Given a continuity of working-class usage of such tunes , a sub-stratum of associations in the culture facilitated their articulation towards working-class needs .
given a continuity of working-class usage of such tunes , a sub-stratum of associations in the culture [helped] their articulation towards working-class needs .

On the other the advances in technology and the emergence of increasingly specialized craftsmen , which characterized the economies of such societies , itself facilitated the creation and refinement of the necessary material symbols .
on the other the advances in technology and the emergence of increasingly specialized craftsmen , which characterized the economies of such societies , itself [helped] the creation and refinement of the necessary material symbols .

The concentration of labour both facilitated organization among workers and heightened the political significance of labour protest .
the concentration of labour both [helped] organization among workers and heightened the political significance of labour protest .

The unprecedented freedom of expression facilitated a ‘ semi-decadent ’ cultural revival which saw the flowering of avant-garde experiment in art , music , theatre and literature .
the unprecedented freedom of expression [helped] a ‘ semi-decadent ’ cultural revival which saw the flowering of avant-garde experiment in art , music , theatre and literature .

Reform tends now to be seen not as treatment which is imagined to work independently of the will of the offender , but as measures which enable or assist rather than force offenders to improve their behaviour — or , in Norval Morris ' terms , ‘ facilitated change ’ rather than ‘ coerced cure ’ ( Morris , 1974 : 13–20 ) .
reform tends now to be seen not as treatment which is imagined to work independently of the will of the offender , but as measures which enable or assist rather than force offenders to improve their behaviour — or , in norval morris ' terms , ‘ [helped] change ’ rather than ‘ coerced cure ’ ( morris , 1974 : 13–20 ) .

The relative openness of Bosnia to influences from Croatia in the north and from Serbia in the south and east facilitated invasion and conquest from Croats , Hungarians , Serbs , Macedonians , Byzantines and Turks .
the relative openness of bosnia to influences from croatia in the north and from serbia in the south and east [helped] invasion and conquest from croats , hungarians , serbs , macedonians , byzantines and turks .

Changes in sexual behaviour may have facilitated the spread of a transmittable agent of aetiological importance .
changes in sexual behaviour may have [helped] the spread of a transmittable agent of aetiological importance .

Computer is no design panacea : Computers , now universally used in design work , have facilitated the process , but are no substitute for creative hard graft .
computer is no design panacea : computers , now universally used in design work , have [helped] the process , but are no substitute for creative hard graft .

In addition , there are considerable organisational advantages if the various professionals concerned act as a team ; use of staff resources is more efficient , service planning and development are facilitated , and there is better management of the caseload .
in addition , there are considerable organisational advantages if the various professionals concerned act as a team ; use of staff resources is more efficient , service planning and development are [helped] , and there is better management of the caseload .

Money also facilitated the expansion in his social life encouraged by his association with the Royal College of Art .
money also [helped] the expansion in his social life encouraged by his association with the royal college of art .

She facilitated the growth of her public through low-priced prints , donations of work to public galleries , and production of ‘ art ’ posters .
she [helped] the growth of her public through low-priced prints , donations of work to public galleries , and production of ‘ art ’ posters .

This innovation was quickly adopted and greatly facilitated the singing of all four parts ( whether or not instrumentally supported ) .
this innovation was quickly adopted and greatly [helped] the singing of all four parts ( whether or not instrumentally supported ) .

Control in such instances was facilitated by the statute containing criteria which the courts felt capable of construing .
control in such instances was [helped] by the statute containing criteria which the courts felt capable of construing .

Liaison between authorities is facilitated by the establishment of forums for different authorities to discuss matters of mutual concern .
liaison between authorities is [helped] by the establishment of forums for different authorities to discuss matters of mutual concern .

Inter-district liaison , however , has proved more successful , being facilitated either by specially formed joint consultative committees or through county branches of the Association of District Councils ( Alexander , 1982 , especially ch .
inter-district liaison , however , has proved more successful , being [helped] either by specially formed joint consultative committees or through county branches of the association of district councils ( alexander , 1982 , especially ch .

Liaison is often further facilitated by overlapping membership between county and district councils : Widdicombe ( 1986 , vol .
liaison is often further [helped] by overlapping membership between county and district councils : widdicombe ( 1986 , vol .

Likewise , because committees usually contain members of different parties with different degrees of seniority and influence , contact is also facilitated between councillors of different political standing and party affiliation .
likewise , because committees usually contain members of different parties with different degrees of seniority and influence , contact is also [helped] between councillors of different political standing and party affiliation .

His death in 1930 halted the immediate ascendancy of his version of socialism , but facilitated his canonisation as the prophet of a distinctly Latin American Marxism .
his death in 1930 halted the immediate ascendancy of his version of socialism , but [helped] his canonisation as the prophet of a distinctly latin american marxism .

This growth and industrial expansion of Belfast , and a corresponding famine in the south , facilitated a dramatic rise in the city 's Catholic population ( from 6 per cent in 1800 to over 30 per cent in 1861 ) .
this growth and industrial expansion of belfast , and a corresponding famine in the south , [helped] a dramatic rise in the city 's catholic population ( from 6 per cent in 1800 to over 30 per cent in 1861 ) .

Here police monitoring of the large crowds was facilitated by ‘ sophisticated radio equipment supplied by the Army , hot lines to the White House and the Pentagon , and an 8 by 12-foot map of the city , complete with a zoom-lens television camera for closeups , that could show where every police officer and other security force was located at all times ’ ( Farber , 1988:159 ) .
here police monitoring of the large crowds was [helped] by ‘ sophisticated radio equipment supplied by the army , hot lines to the white house and the pentagon , and an 8 by 12-foot map of the city , complete with a zoom-lens television camera for closeups , that could show where every police officer and other security force was located at all times ’ ( farber , 1988:159 ) .

American military spending no longer facilitated the expansion of the world economy ; instead , it became an obstacle to financial regulation .
american military spending no longer [helped] the expansion of the world economy ; instead , it became an obstacle to financial regulation .

The only significant opportunities for low-income people to decentralize locally ( as opposed to the longer-distance moves facilitated by the New and Expanded Towns programmes ) have derived from the re-cycling of older and poorer quality housing in the inner suburbs and from the development of spare peripheral sites by city councils-the ‘ outer council estates ’ which now suffer from major social and physical problems because of inaccessibility , limited facilities , faulty design and inadequate maintenance .
the only significant opportunities for low-income people to decentralize locally ( as opposed to the longer-distance moves [helped] by the new and expanded towns programmes ) have derived from the re-cycling of older and poorer quality housing in the inner suburbs and from the development of spare peripheral sites by city councils-the ‘ outer council estates ’ which now suffer from major social and physical problems because of inaccessibility , limited facilities , faulty design and inadequate maintenance .

It was facilitated by the transformations within the administrative process itself .
it was [helped] by the transformations within the administrative process itself .

We can not conclude this report of the questionnaire findings without thanking all those who completed parts of the questionnaire in their own institutions and the administrators who facilitated the process .
we can not conclude this report of the questionnaire findings without thanking all those who completed parts of the questionnaire in their own institutions and the administrators who [helped] the process .

In 1935 he helped to form the Hawker Siddeley Aircraft Company , and thus facilitated the development of the Hurricane aircraft which fought in the Battle of Britain ( 1940 ) .
in 1935 he helped to form the hawker siddeley aircraft company , and thus [helped] the development of the hurricane aircraft which fought in the battle of britain ( 1940 ) .

Among other things , he opposed the City Elections Act of 1725 and as sheriff ( 1729–30 ) facilitated the acquittal of Richard Franklin , the printer of the Craftsman , who had been prosecuted by the government for seditious libel .
among other things , he opposed the city elections act of 1725 and as sheriff ( 1729–30 ) [helped] the acquittal of richard franklin , the printer of the craftsman , who had been prosecuted by the government for seditious libel .

Winnick and Daniel ( 1970 ) showed that , whilst tachistoscopic recognition of a printed word was facilitated by prior reading aloud of that word , there was no facilitation by prior picture naming , or by prior production of that word in response to a definition-tasks ( c ) and ( d ) above .
winnick and daniel ( 1970 ) showed that , whilst tachistoscopic recognition of a printed word was [helped] by prior reading aloud of that word , there was no facilitation by prior picture naming , or by prior production of that word in response to a definition-tasks ( c ) and ( d ) above .

Dewart ( 1975 ) showed that young children 's comprehension of a sentence like The duck is bitten by the monkey was facilitated by the provision of an appropriate context ( poor duck ) , in comparison with their level of performance when the context was inappropriate ( poor monkey ) .
dewart ( 1975 ) showed that young children 's comprehension of a sentence like the duck is bitten by the monkey was [helped] by the provision of an appropriate context ( poor duck ) , in comparison with their level of performance when the context was inappropriate ( poor monkey ) .

Comprehension of negative sentences is facilitated when negation is being used to fulfil one of these functions .
comprehension of negative sentences is [helped] when negation is being used to fulfil one of these functions .

But the reports must be consistent over time if this comparison is to be facilitated .
but the reports must be consistent over time if this comparison is to be [helped] .

At the global scale numerical modelling has developed and was applied to the planetary boundary layer , facilitated by the development of powerful computers used in short-range forecasting research , and then in the construction of general circulation models and thence models of global climate .
at the global scale numerical modelling has developed and was applied to the planetary boundary layer , [helped] by the development of powerful computers used in short-range forecasting research , and then in the construction of general circulation models and thence models of global climate .

Third , there are the instances in which the array of subjects and modules across the Course , combined with external pressures and challenges , have facilitated the invention of new fields , and their development at significantly less cost than would have been the case without the modular scheme .
third , there are the instances in which the array of subjects and modules across the course , combined with external pressures and challenges , have [helped] the invention of new fields , and their development at significantly less cost than would have been the case without the modular scheme .

This facilitated not only internal grain trade but also export .
this [helped] not only internal grain trade but also export .

They also facilitated the movement of perishable dead meat quite long distances .
they also [helped] the movement of perishable dead meat quite long distances .

Finally , the formulation stage involves using the results of the assessment process to identify objectives , plans , and strategies . This stage draws considerably upon the knowledge , skills , and judgement of the practitioner and , as with the summary stage , may be facilitated by formulating the objectives around two key questions :
finally , the formulation stage involves using the results of the assessment process to identify objectives , plans , and strategies . this stage draws considerably upon the knowledge , skills , and judgement of the practitioner and , as with the summary stage , may be [helped] by formulating the objectives around two key questions :

The role has facilitated a promotion of trust between school and authority through the inferred recognition of professional competence by giving the school the autonomy to make decisions about its own development .
the role has [helped] a promotion of trust between school and authority through the inferred recognition of professional competence by giving the school the autonomy to make decisions about its own development .

Inter-group co-operation and stimulation are common , and are facilitated by the excellent atmosphere which exists within the laboratory .
inter-group co-operation and stimulation are common , and are [helped] by the excellent atmosphere which exists within the laboratory .

In either case treatment with piperazine salts or levamisole is best administered in the drinking water , uptake being facilitated by withdrawal of water overnight before its substitution with medicated water in the morning .
in either case treatment with piperazine salts or levamisole is best administered in the drinking water , uptake being [helped] by withdrawal of water overnight before its substitution with medicated water in the morning .

Even in the absence of ants , the tuber of the epiphytic Myrmecodia develops but the ants , usually species of Iridomyrex , keep broods in smooth chambers , placing debris in warted ones : the release of nutrients may be facilitated by the presence of fungi .
even in the absence of ants , the tuber of the epiphytic myrmecodia develops but the ants , usually species of iridomyrex , keep broods in smooth chambers , placing debris in warted ones : the release of nutrients may be [helped] by the presence of fungi .

Increased efficiency and greater mechanization have in part facilitated this development .
increased efficiency and greater mechanization have in part [helped] this development .

The size of the country and the dual position of London as the nation 's capital and its largest city has facilitated a national orientation — primarily a London orientation — not possible in the United States .
the size of the country and the dual position of london as the nation 's capital and its largest city has [helped] a national orientation — primarily a london orientation — not possible in the united states .

The stress on cooperation and compromise , an emphasis compatible with an empirical approach to change , has facilitated the integration of groups and individuals into the political system .
the stress on cooperation and compromise , an emphasis compatible with an empirical approach to change , has [helped] the integration of groups and individuals into the political system .

The reforms of the nineteenth century were facilitated not only by an empirical orientation to change but also by the paternalism of political leaders .
the reforms of the nineteenth century were [helped] not only by an empirical orientation to change but also by the paternalism of political leaders .

This done , the next broad area to be covered was the need to examine the various models of community economic development , how local people can be involved in the process of regenerating their areas , how the process can best be facilitated and what can be realistically achieved . In addition , what should the criteria be for evaluating the success of community economic development ?
this done , the next broad area to be covered was the need to examine the various models of community economic development , how local people can be involved in the process of regenerating their areas , how the process can best be [helped] and what can be realistically achieved . in addition , what should the criteria be for evaluating the success of community economic development ?

There was agreement that people should play an active , participatory , democratic role through community business in the regeneration of their own areas , and that this process can best be facilitated , as in Strathclyde , by supportive and sympathetic local government attitudes and action .
there was agreement that people should play an active , participatory , democratic role through community business in the regeneration of their own areas , and that this process can best be [helped] , as in strathclyde , by supportive and sympathetic local government attitudes and action .

How can this process be facilitated ?
how can this process be [helped] ?

The relaxation of standing rules has facilitated this development .
the relaxation of standing rules has [helped] this development .

The company facilitated the aggregation of vast sums of capital from numerous small investors and this together with changes in technology and organizational techniques led to a vast expansion in the size of the firm and a reduction in the number of firms operating in any particular industry .
the company [helped] the aggregation of vast sums of capital from numerous small investors and this together with changes in technology and organizational techniques led to a vast expansion in the size of the firm and a reduction in the number of firms operating in any particular industry .

Other industries can also be influenced , and their arrangements facilitated .
other industries can also be influenced , and their arrangements [helped] .

Regarding the latter context , it has been shown that when a word is preceded or accompanied by a ’ semantically ’ related word , recognition of that word is facilitated with respect to unrelated controls .
regarding the latter context , it has been shown that when a word is preceded or accompanied by a ’ semantically ’ related word , recognition of that word is [helped] with respect to unrelated controls .

Russia strove to complete the Siberian Railway and its opening to traffic in 1903 facilitated troop transport to the area .
russia strove to complete the siberian railway and its opening to traffic in 1903 [helped] troop transport to the area .

If it could be demonstrated that English facilitated ‘ objectivity ’ more than other languages , then users of it would have a powerful weapon for affirming and legitimating their rights to certain positions of authority in relation to cultures or sub-cultures in which language use lacked this quality .
if it could be demonstrated that english [helped] ‘ objectivity ’ more than other languages , then users of it would have a powerful weapon for affirming and legitimating their rights to certain positions of authority in relation to cultures or sub-cultures in which language use lacked this quality .

Executive hegemony is also facilitated by institutional arrangements that combine , rather than separate , the legislative and executive branches .
executive hegemony is also [helped] by institutional arrangements that combine , rather than separate , the legislative and executive branches .

Cohesion in the administration was also facilitated by a system of cabinet councils , introduced at the suggestion of Meese and a major feature of Reagan 's administrative strategy in his first term .
cohesion in the administration was also [helped] by a system of cabinet councils , introduced at the suggestion of meese and a major feature of reagan 's administrative strategy in his first term .

Such conditions fuelled discontent and facilitated the spread of radical ideas .
such conditions fuelled discontent and [helped] the spread of radical ideas .

Sheer size made relations between employers and workers impersonal , facilitated the circulation of radical ideas , and generated a sense of solidarity among workers .
sheer size made relations between employers and workers impersonal , [helped] the circulation of radical ideas , and generated a sense of solidarity among workers .

As the century wore on , the returning prosperity of the countryside brought a markedly higher standard of living in its train for those best able to exploit their opportunities ; , the revival of trade facilitated the acquisition of luxuries .
as the century wore on , the returning prosperity of the countryside brought a markedly higher standard of living in its train for those best able to exploit their opportunities ; , the revival of trade [helped] the acquisition of luxuries .

Mutual support mechanisms have helped to maintain the drive to diversify into new growth sectors and have facilitated a commitment to long-term market expansion .
mutual support mechanisms have helped to maintain the drive to diversify into new growth sectors and have [helped] a commitment to long-term market expansion .

It is worth noting that although the children produced passages which facilitated greater learning , the changes which they made were not necessarily ones which would be picked up by a readability formula .
it is worth noting that although the children produced passages which [helped] greater learning , the changes which they made were not necessarily ones which would be picked up by a readability formula .

Steve Leach has suggested that ‘ The ‘ brainstorming session ’ and the interweaving of political purpose and professional knowledge and advice have all been facilitated by the use of deliberative forums ’ ( Leach 1989:106 ) .
steve leach has suggested that ‘ the ‘ brainstorming session ’ and the interweaving of political purpose and professional knowledge and advice have all been [helped] by the use of deliberative forums ’ ( leach 1989:106 ) .

Rapid changes in the occupational structure , facilitated by educational expansion , have increased the overall chances of entering higher-ranking occupations .
rapid changes in the occupational structure , [helped] by educational expansion , have increased the overall chances of entering higher-ranking occupations .

This increased sensitivity to street crime , furthermore , was orchestrated into a powerful lobby of reaction against the reformative penal system : ‘ it was the mobilisation of public opinion during the panic ’ , Davis writes , ‘ which facilitated the effective dismantling of the reformative penal system by its critics in the years following , and its replacement by a punitive model of convict treatment ’ .
this increased sensitivity to street crime , furthermore , was orchestrated into a powerful lobby of reaction against the reformative penal system : ‘ it was the mobilisation of public opinion during the panic ’ , davis writes , ‘ which [helped] the effective dismantling of the reformative penal system by its critics in the years following , and its replacement by a punitive model of convict treatment ’ .

This facilitated the regular distribution of heroin along specific channels readily identifiable by users and so ‘ scoring ’ moved off the street and became a less hazardous occupation .
this [helped] the regular distribution of heroin along specific channels readily identifiable by users and so ‘ scoring ’ moved off the street and became a less hazardous occupation .

Given the profile of polydrug use noted in Chapter 4 , these networks also facilitated the street commercialisation of other drugs .
given the profile of polydrug use noted in chapter 4 , these networks also [helped] the street commercialisation of other drugs .

Bevan suggests that the growth of conglomerates was further facilitated by a number of other factors : the perceived need by Banks to offer a full range of financial services to customers for fear of losing out to competitors ; established international connections ; and pre-existing strong links with the securities business .
bevan suggests that the growth of conglomerates was further [helped] by a number of other factors : the perceived need by banks to offer a full range of financial services to customers for fear of losing out to competitors ; established international connections ; and pre-existing strong links with the securities business .

The first oil crisis created particular concern in this respect , but the development of the Euro-currency market greatly facilitated the process .
the first oil crisis created particular concern in this respect , but the development of the euro-currency market greatly [helped] the process .

The replacement of the ego ideal by the leader is facilitated if the separation of the ego and the ego ideal is not very far advanced among the members of the group .
the replacement of the ego ideal by the leader is [helped] if the separation of the ego and the ego ideal is not very far advanced among the members of the group .

Exploration in Northern Ireland was facilitated by the passage of the Mineral Development Act ( Northern Ireland ) 1969 .
exploration in northern ireland was [helped] by the passage of the mineral development act ( northern ireland ) 1969 .

This also facilitated close up shots to be taken without the world and his wife looking on .
this also [helped] close up shots to be taken without the world and his wife looking on .

One of the strengths of the questionnaire was that it facilitated discussion between Ernst & Young partners and managers and their clients , highlighting areas of which the firm was unaware and identifying the clients ' priorities in the services and provision of services it received from Ernst & Young .
one of the strengths of the questionnaire was that it [helped] discussion between ernst & young partners and managers and their clients , highlighting areas of which the firm was unaware and identifying the clients ' priorities in the services and provision of services it received from ernst & young .

It seems that in the case of the higher primates the diffusion and decay of specific instinctual behaviours has facilitated — perhaps even necessitated — the evolution of a primitive and elementary ego-organization , that is , one in which unfocused instinctual drives are increasingly brought under the control of the higher cortical centres which facilitate drive-management and decision-making on the basis of great adaptive flexibility of response .
it seems that in the case of the higher primates the diffusion and decay of specific instinctual behaviours has [helped] — perhaps even necessitated — the evolution of a primitive and elementary ego-organization , that is , one in which unfocused instinctual drives are increasingly brought under the control of the higher cortical centres which facilitate drive-management and decision-making on the basis of great adaptive flexibility of response .

In the commercial horticultural field , the mass production of pot plants has been facilitated through cloning .
in the commercial horticultural field , the mass production of pot plants has been [helped] through cloning .

The bill , which had still to pass through the Senate , would permit banks to adopt articles of association more suited to their needs and facilitated the raising of external capital .
the bill , which had still to pass through the senate , would permit banks to adopt articles of association more suited to their needs and [helped] the raising of external capital .

Following talks in January 1989 between the Vietnamese First Deputy Foreign Minister Dinh Nho Liem and the Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen [ see p. 36397 ] , a gradual improvement in relations became evident throughout the year , was greatly facilitated by the Vietnamese withdrawal from Cambodia in September 1989 [ see pp .
following talks in january 1989 between the vietnamese first deputy foreign minister dinh nho liem and the chinese foreign minister qian qichen [ see p. 36397 ] , a gradual improvement in relations became evident throughout the year , was greatly [helped] by the vietnamese withdrawal from cambodia in september 1989 [ see pp .

The interregnum produced by the King 's removal facilitated a sudden and dramatic resurgence of the Whigs .
the interregnum produced by the king 's removal [helped] a sudden and dramatic resurgence of the whigs .

Borrowing and lending of stock is facilitated by eight ( at end 1991 ) Stock Exchange Money Brokers ( SEMBs ) who , as well as acting as brokers in the actual loan of stock , make loans to GEMMs to finance long positions and stand ready to borrow from them any surplus funds arising out of short positions .
borrowing and lending of stock is [helped] by eight ( at end 1991 ) stock exchange money brokers ( sembs ) who , as well as acting as brokers in the actual loan of stock , make loans to gemms to finance long positions and stand ready to borrow from them any surplus funds arising out of short positions .

This is facilitated by the Stock Exchange Money Brokers ( SEMBs ) , described above in Section 3.2.4 , and enhances the ability of GEMMs to supply large amounts of stock on demand without having always to hold large inventories of stocks or without having to offset large sales by matching purchases in intra-market business .
this is [helped] by the stock exchange money brokers ( sembs ) , described above in section 3.2.4 , and enhances the ability of gemms to supply large amounts of stock on demand without having always to hold large inventories of stocks or without having to offset large sales by matching purchases in intra-market business .

But the supposed `` missile gap `` facilitated the revision of the McMahon Act in July 1958 , the great legislative obstacle to significant Anglo-American nuclear interchanges since 1946 .
but the supposed `` missile gap `` [helped] the revision of the mcmahon act in july 1958 , the great legislative obstacle to significant anglo-american nuclear interchanges since 1946 .

But in 1960 Britain 's cancellation of her own costly and dubiously effective rocket project , Blue Streak , had been facilitated and offset by the American promise to supply the Skybolt stand-off missile .
but in 1960 britain 's cancellation of her own costly and dubiously effective rocket project , blue streak , had been [helped] and offset by the american promise to supply the skybolt stand-off missile .

The postponement of uncomfortable decisions was also facilitated by the scale of American aid .
the postponement of uncomfortable decisions was also [helped] by the scale of american aid .

On the other hand , entry by intermediaries to currency sectors has been facilitated by the advent of swaps and improvements in technology .
on the other hand , entry by intermediaries to currency sectors has been [helped] by the advent of swaps and improvements in technology .

The groundwork was concerned with the acquirement of self-control facilitated by the recognition of the emotional drives and mental preoccupations that would sidetrack the seeker after the love of God and impede his progress .
the groundwork was concerned with the acquirement of self-control [helped] by the recognition of the emotional drives and mental preoccupations that would sidetrack the seeker after the love of god and impede his progress .

Whatever the uncertainties of the precise dates , events and social connections in Rolle 's life it is clear from external and internal evidence that he felt increasingly compelled towards a solitary life because it facilitated contemplative inner life which was for him the reality to be cultivated above all other .
whatever the uncertainties of the precise dates , events and social connections in rolle 's life it is clear from external and internal evidence that he felt increasingly compelled towards a solitary life because it [helped] contemplative inner life which was for him the reality to be cultivated above all other .

The object of this study is to consider in detail the sources of capital investment that facilitated such a rapid rate of industrialisation , and the consequences of these patterns of investment in the different branches and sectors of the economy .
the object of this study is to consider in detail the sources of capital investment that [helped] such a rapid rate of industrialisation , and the consequences of these patterns of investment in the different branches and sectors of the economy .

In particular , the project looks at the implications of the manner in which rural and urban environments were changed as a result of large-scale overhead transmission ; at public reaction to the transformation of the ways in which homes were heated , lit and cleaned ; and at the response to the new forms of mass production facilitated by the use of electric power .
in particular , the project looks at the implications of the manner in which rural and urban environments were changed as a result of large-scale overhead transmission ; at public reaction to the transformation of the ways in which homes were heated , lit and cleaned ; and at the response to the new forms of mass production [helped] by the use of electric power .

With the development of New Technology , in-house training by Industry has been better facilitated and has taken on increased importance .
with the development of new technology , in-house training by industry has been better [helped] and has taken on increased importance .

This would be greatly facilitated by moving the work of this office into the Inverleith Row premises .
this would be greatly [helped] by moving the work of this office into the inverleith row premises .

As the volume of Treasury bills declined in the 1970s the discount houses facilitated the rapid growth in the commercial bill market .
as the volume of treasury bills declined in the 1970s the discount houses [helped] the rapid growth in the commercial bill market .

The exhibitions were facilitated and curated by the Mappin Art Gallery , Sheffield and will be on show at the gallery until December 1992 before touring to the Herbert Art Gallery and Museum , Coventry in 1993 .
the exhibitions were [helped] and curated by the mappin art gallery , sheffield and will be on show at the gallery until december 1992 before touring to the herbert art gallery and museum , coventry in 1993 .

The best intervention is that which is facilitated by information which places the remedy in the customer 's own hands .
the best intervention is that which is [helped] by information which places the remedy in the customer 's own hands .

Particularly in a large organization , reclassification can be a major exercise , although it can be facilitated by the support given by computer-based catalogue records .
particularly in a large organization , reclassification can be a major exercise , although it can be [helped] by the support given by computer-based catalogue records .

This new type of state expanded , as Tilly indicates , by means of war , but there were some general conditions which facilitated the absorption of the population of smaller political units ; notably the cultural homogeneity of Europe , the existence of a uniform economy based on peasant agriculture and a small , but widespread class of landlords , and an extensive , decentralized but relatively uniform political structure .
this new type of state expanded , as tilly indicates , by means of war , but there were some general conditions which [helped] the absorption of the population of smaller political units ; notably the cultural homogeneity of europe , the existence of a uniform economy based on peasant agriculture and a small , but widespread class of landlords , and an extensive , decentralized but relatively uniform political structure .

This was facilitated in the early 1970s following the ‘ Competition and Credit Control ’ arrangements .
this was [helped] in the early 1970s following the ‘ competition and credit control ’ arrangements .

Each year , the Inax Corporation , Japan 's biggest tile manufacturer , selects the best from among the many new materials on the market and presents an award to those companies who have facilitated the development of new product lines .
each year , the inax corporation , japan 's biggest tile manufacturer , selects the best from among the many new materials on the market and presents an award to those companies who have [helped] the development of new product lines .

The change was facilitated by the reappointment of Anand Panyarachun , 59 , as Prime Minister on June 10 with the approval of King Bhumibol Adulyadej .
the change was [helped] by the reappointment of anand panyarachun , 59 , as prime minister on june 10 with the approval of king bhumibol adulyadej .

Coherent planning and coordination of health and social care would be facilitated by coterminous boundaries between the two authorities .
coherent planning and coordination of health and social care would be [helped] by coterminous boundaries between the two authorities .

There was a long legacy of poor relationships between managers and clinicians , district and units , which hardly facilitated a corporate approach to the reforms .
there was a long legacy of poor relationships between managers and clinicians , district and units , which hardly [helped] a corporate approach to the reforms .

This year Ian McCartney took up the new post of Student Enterprise Officer and this addition to the staff has greatly facilitated student enterprise activities .
this year ian mccartney took up the new post of student enterprise officer and this addition to the staff has greatly [helped] student enterprise activities .

Peebles Hydro in February 1993 provided the venue for a workshop in ‘ Managing Change ’ ; a workshop that was ‘ tailor-made ’ and facilitated by staff from the Office for Public Management .
peebles hydro in february 1993 provided the venue for a workshop in ‘ managing change ’ ; a workshop that was ‘ tailor-made ’ and [helped] by staff from the office for public management .

It may seem incredible that they could have been remembered accurately for many decades , but the construction of skaldic verse was complex , and features such as the binding of pairs of lines by allit-eration , and rhyme and consonance within lines , perhaps facilitated the correct transmission of individual words .
it may seem incredible that they could have been remembered accurately for many decades , but the construction of skaldic verse was complex , and features such as the binding of pairs of lines by allit-eration , and rhyme and consonance within lines , perhaps [helped] the correct transmission of individual words .

Her previous experience as queen of England conceivably added to her attractions , and Swegen 's treaty with Richard may have facilitated the discussions , especially if , as is quite likely , Cnut was present when it was made .
her previous experience as queen of england conceivably added to her attractions , and swegen 's treaty with richard may have [helped] the discussions , especially if , as is quite likely , cnut was present when it was made .

He profited from a striking convergence between his philosophy of government , which was based on the need to bypass intermediaries such as parties and establish a direct relationship between himself and the people , and a technology which facilitated precisely that kind of personalized and direct communication .
he profited from a striking convergence between his philosophy of government , which was based on the need to bypass intermediaries such as parties and establish a direct relationship between himself and the people , and a technology which [helped] precisely that kind of personalized and direct communication .

It has been argued by Dr Snell that the fact that overseers were often of humble stock themselves was crucial for the social order of rural communities in that it `` facilitated agreement and mutual respect between the ranks and orders of parish society `` .
it has been argued by dr snell that the fact that overseers were often of humble stock themselves was crucial for the social order of rural communities in that it `` [helped] agreement and mutual respect between the ranks and orders of parish society `` .

Again , some psycholinguists maintained that top-down constraint merely facilitated recognition , while others argued that top-down information had to produce hypotheses to compensate for inaccurate acoustic information .
again , some psycholinguists maintained that top-down constraint merely [helped] recognition , while others argued that top-down information had to produce hypotheses to compensate for inaccurate acoustic information .

Whereas one would expect the lexicon to be organised in a way that facilitates the access of items , one would expect working memory to be organised in a way that facilitated the discrimination of competing hypotheses .
whereas one would expect the lexicon to be organised in a way that facilitates the access of items , one would expect working memory to be organised in a way that [helped] the discrimination of competing hypotheses .

The Ras of Tigre , who had greatly facilitated Napier 's advance on Magdala , was suitably rewarded with firearms and cannon , with which during the troubled years that followed Theodore 's death he was able to overcome his rivals .
the ras of tigre , who had greatly [helped] napier 's advance on magdala , was suitably rewarded with firearms and cannon , with which during the troubled years that followed theodore 's death he was able to overcome his rivals .

Thus research into colonic motor function remains a challenging and potentially rewarding area where progress has been facilitated by recent technological advances .
thus research into colonic motor function remains a challenging and potentially rewarding area where progress has been [helped] by recent technological advances .

Acid-base transport systems can also be characterised in intact cells by their effects on intracellular pH ( pH i ) , an approach facilitated in recent years by the advent of pH sensitive fluorescent dyes .
acid-base transport systems can also be characterised in intact cells by their effects on intracellular ph ( ph i ) , an approach [helped] in recent years by the advent of ph sensitive fluorescent dyes .

The development and application of the ‘ flooding dose ’ technique to the measurement of protein synthesis is rapidly turning over tissues , such as tumour tissue , has facilitated a further evaluation of rates of protein synthesis in diseased tissues derived from patients with gastrointestinal pathology .
the development and application of the ‘ flooding dose ’ technique to the measurement of protein synthesis is rapidly turning over tissues , such as tumour tissue , has [helped] a further evaluation of rates of protein synthesis in diseased tissues derived from patients with gastrointestinal pathology .

Botanists suggested that by some felicitous intuition the Italian planter had chosen specimens with properties that facilitated each other 's growth .
botanists suggested that by some felicitous intuition the italian planter had chosen specimens with properties that [helped] each other 's growth .

Good communications facilitated statelessness .
good communications [helped] statelessness .

Preactive management can be seen as a positive response to changed circumstances with plans and objectives in mind , that is it is facilitated by the directional planning approach .
preactive management can be seen as a positive response to changed circumstances with plans and objectives in mind , that is it is [helped] by the directional planning approach .

By using this approach it is claimed that important management processes are facilitated .
by using this approach it is claimed that important management processes are [helped] .

Plainly , this process is facilitated if the working areas are readily accessible , well lit and well ventilated .
plainly , this process is [helped] if the working areas are readily accessible , well lit and well ventilated .

It also facilitated access to the minority of Catholic policemen and women in the force , and , perhaps , was important in obtaining permission for the research from the police management , for it asserts their commitment to professionalism , an important part of which in Northern Ireland is religious impartiality .
it also [helped] access to the minority of catholic policemen and women in the force , and , perhaps , was important in obtaining permission for the research from the police management , for it asserts their commitment to professionalism , an important part of which in northern ireland is religious impartiality .

The constables were keen to display to the field-worker that they knew the appropriate law to apply and that the law gave formal justification to their decisions , but there were a variety of other factors which facilitated this sensitive interpretation of the law .
the constables were keen to display to the field-worker that they knew the appropriate law to apply and that the law gave formal justification to their decisions , but there were a variety of other factors which [helped] this sensitive interpretation of the law .

The Law Commission pointed out in a report in April that the use of computers has greatly facilitated the ability to plan and implement in one country a fraud that has its deleterious effect in another .
the law commission pointed out in a report in april that the use of computers has greatly [helped] the ability to plan and implement in one country a fraud that has its deleterious effect in another .

The ballad-type songs of the day sung by such as Tony Bennett , Rosemary Clooney , Doris Day , Debbie Reynolds and Frank Sinatra , plus the great classical music she had heard from her youth , facilitated Masha Cohen 's overcoming of her personal nightmares , and had become — along with the very important Yiddish music — the natural background to Leonard 's life , too .
the ballad-type songs of the day sung by such as tony bennett , rosemary clooney , doris day , debbie reynolds and frank sinatra , plus the great classical music she had heard from her youth , [helped] masha cohen 's overcoming of her personal nightmares , and had become — along with the very important yiddish music — the natural background to leonard 's life , too .

Many of the important properties of products , and particularly cosmetic products , are assessed subjectively , e.g. , appearance , colour , odour , taste , texture , and can not readily be expressed in numerical terms . Record keeping and the evaluation of results are facilitated if instead of a subjective description , any changes are recorded in terms of a scale such as the following :
many of the important properties of products , and particularly cosmetic products , are assessed subjectively , e.g. , appearance , colour , odour , taste , texture , and can not readily be expressed in numerical terms . record keeping and the evaluation of results are [helped] if instead of a subjective description , any changes are recorded in terms of a scale such as the following :

It was a brilliant and classically simple construction , which created a formal beauty of line and curve , and facilitated constantly changing patterns of light , shade , and steam .
it was a brilliant and classically simple construction , which created a formal beauty of line and curve , and [helped] constantly changing patterns of light , shade , and steam .

It facilitated Britain 's surprisingly rapid re-emergence as a major capital exporter , and it provided a framework for a major squeeze on the colonies .
it [helped] britain 's surprisingly rapid re-emergence as a major capital exporter , and it provided a framework for a major squeeze on the colonies .

He compared the press to a scaffolding , surrounding a building under construction ( the worker 's state ) , which marked the outlines of the structure , facilitated communication among the builders , enhanced the effective assignment of tasks , and made possible a clear view of the achievements of the builders .
he compared the press to a scaffolding , surrounding a building under construction ( the worker 's state ) , which marked the outlines of the structure , [helped] communication among the builders , enhanced the effective assignment of tasks , and made possible a clear view of the achievements of the builders .

It was the Mau Mau conflict itself which forced the government to recognize the need to increase the productivity of the Kikuyu areas , and it was the same conflict which facilitated the means .
it was the mau mau conflict itself which forced the government to recognize the need to increase the productivity of the kikuyu areas , and it was the same conflict which [helped] the means .

Indeed , the charge of homophobia is itself a kind of reverse discourse facilitated by the dynamic of perversion itself .
indeed , the charge of homophobia is itself a kind of reverse discourse [helped] by the dynamic of perversion itself .

This broad framework , and more especially the premises to enable such gatherings to be facilitated , seem to be absent in Scotland as a whole , and within the context of the Highlands in particular .
this broad framework , and more especially the premises to enable such gatherings to be [helped] , seem to be absent in scotland as a whole , and within the context of the highlands in particular .

Above all , they facilitated particularly the development of resident tutor-organiser initiatives within the District in the decade following 1924 , and consolidated the independent , autonomous status of the District as a provider of liberal adult education .
above all , they [helped] particularly the development of resident tutor-organiser initiatives within the district in the decade following 1924 , and consolidated the independent , autonomous status of the district as a provider of liberal adult education .

The Project 's approach has been to build up the confidence and self-awareness of different groups to a stage where contact and co-operation among them will be facilitated .
the project 's approach has been to build up the confidence and self-awareness of different groups to a stage where contact and co-operation among them will be [helped] .

Indeed , the growth of self-help movements in recent years was facilitated by the principle of subsidiarity as an established political instrument .
indeed , the growth of self-help movements in recent years was [helped] by the principle of subsidiarity as an established political instrument .

His strange quiet co-existence with Marcus was facilitated by his now surprisingly easy relations with Irina , they even teased each other .
his strange quiet co-existence with marcus was [helped] by his now surprisingly easy relations with irina , they even teased each other .

Over the years , improved material and application technology and testing has facilitated this process , but in the long term the ability to effect repairs will continue to remain an important requirement .
over the years , improved material and application technology and testing has [helped] this process , but in the long term the ability to effect repairs will continue to remain an important requirement .

The meanest graffito , if fully understood , can be a treasure of human expressiveness … The best texts for this purpose should be determined locally , by local conditions , limited and facilitated by local wisdom .
the meanest graffito , if fully understood , can be a treasure of human expressiveness … the best texts for this purpose should be determined locally , by local conditions , limited and [helped] by local wisdom .

He argued that the lack of awareness of the needy in Brazil 's poorest region only facilitated their exploitation .
he argued that the lack of awareness of the needy in brazil 's poorest region only [helped] their exploitation .

Better roads and more efficient and cheaper forms of transport have facilitated contact between town and country .
better roads and more efficient and cheaper forms of transport have [helped] contact between town and country .

This European — or , to be more exact , Euro-Christian — involvement in Lebanon was to be a recurring theme , facilitated by the fact that every community in the land that was to become Lebanon was a minority .
this european — or , to be more exact , euro-christian — involvement in lebanon was to be a recurring theme , [helped] by the fact that every community in the land that was to become lebanon was a minority .

Flexible attitudes to its definition , facilitated by the summary nature of the proceedings , led to some curious prosecutions under this provision .
flexible attitudes to its definition , [helped] by the summary nature of the proceedings , led to some curious prosecutions under this provision .

Any book about the inner city in 1990 can not ignore this failure and must surely look at both the reality on the ground today and at the manner in which academic analysis has conceptualised these problems in ways that have facilitated this persistence .
any book about the inner city in 1990 can not ignore this failure and must surely look at both the reality on the ground today and at the manner in which academic analysis has conceptualised these problems in ways that have [helped] this persistence .

The Central Drive line facilitated the running of tramway football specials , and on Saturday afternoons during important matches , convoys of Dreadnoughts and Toastracks were to be found trundling round from Marton Depot .
the central drive line [helped] the running of tramway football specials , and on saturday afternoons during important matches , convoys of dreadnoughts and toastracks were to be found trundling round from marton depot .

This facilitated the return of the Circular Tour in 1957 .
this [helped] the return of the circular tour in 1957 .

Wooden platforms or stages were erected at different levels , so that men working on the various portions of the vehicle were facilitated in their task .
wooden platforms or stages were erected at different levels , so that men working on the various portions of the vehicle were [helped] in their task .

Sewell tried in 1841 to establish a cattle infirmary at Thomas Flight 's famous dairy ( formerly Laycock 's ) in Islington , housing some 600 or 700 cows ( there were thousands of cows in London until the railways facilitated milk supplies from the country ) .
sewell tried in 1841 to establish a cattle infirmary at thomas flight 's famous dairy ( formerly laycock 's ) in islington , housing some 600 or 700 cows ( there were thousands of cows in london until the railways [helped] milk supplies from the country ) .

For example , one partner facilitated the removal of carpet tiles so that our staff and parents have been able to carpet most of the school .
for example , one partner [helped] the removal of carpet tiles so that our staff and parents have been able to carpet most of the school .

The use of systemic fungicides sprayed onto potato crops , and fumigation of stored potatoes , can reduce the incidence of the disease but the spread of infection is greatly facilitated by modern harvesting equipment .
the use of systemic fungicides sprayed onto potato crops , and fumigation of stored potatoes , can reduce the incidence of the disease but the spread of infection is greatly [helped] by modern harvesting equipment .

This withdrawal of support for the housing policy was facilitated by the fact that the Planning Department had been ‘ abandoned ’ by the Councils ' topmost officials who were reluctant to share its unpopularity in any measure .
this withdrawal of support for the housing policy was [helped] by the fact that the planning department had been ‘ abandoned ’ by the councils ' topmost officials who were reluctant to share its unpopularity in any measure .

Discrimination learning is facilitated by the use of the correct technical terms ( verbal learning ) .
discrimination learning is [helped] by the use of the correct technical terms ( verbal learning ) .

Whatever the timing of the library orientation or instruction , learning is facilitated if the student is given information about the progress that he/she is making .
whatever the timing of the library orientation or instruction , learning is [helped] if the student is given information about the progress that he/she is making .

The patient 's engagement in such exploration may sometimes be facilitated by including a clearly inappropriate possibility that he can easily reject .
the patient 's engagement in such exploration may sometimes be [helped] by including a clearly inappropriate possibility that he can easily reject .

Termination of treatment may be facilitated by the patient , couple , or family being offered a follow-up appointment 1–2 months later .
termination of treatment may be [helped] by the patient , couple , or family being offered a follow-up appointment 1–2 months later .

And whether or not they enhance the efficiency of the police , they certainly expand the crime statistics … To ask us to strike meaningful comparisons across such a technological gulf is like trying to compare a theory of the origins of the universe based on observations through Galileo 's lens with one facilitated by radio telescope .
and whether or not they enhance the efficiency of the police , they certainly expand the crime statistics … to ask us to strike meaningful comparisons across such a technological gulf is like trying to compare a theory of the origins of the universe based on observations through galileo 's lens with one [helped] by radio telescope .

the high value of small quantities of gold has facilitated the transfer of the precious metal in the market place .
the high value of small quantities of gold has [helped] the transfer of the precious metal in the market place .

This facilitated the development of the market economy — goods , services and taxes could be paid in silver and gold coins in various societies and nations .
this [helped] the development of the market economy — goods , services and taxes could be paid in silver and gold coins in various societies and nations .

Again the link between the French franc and colonial currencies facilitated trade within the French Empire .
again the link between the french franc and colonial currencies [helped] trade within the french empire .

The development of such ‘ industries ’ has also been facilitated by improved communications and transport as well as the need to generate income in areas that have been adversely affected by the economic recession of the early 1980s or which are unsuitable for other kinds of economic activity such as agriculture .
the development of such ‘ industries ’ has also been [helped] by improved communications and transport as well as the need to generate income in areas that have been adversely affected by the economic recession of the early 1980s or which are unsuitable for other kinds of economic activity such as agriculture .

Tissue culture has facilitated the production of several disease-resistant crops by side-stepping the tendency of plants to pass infections between generations via seeds , tillers or tubers .
tissue culture has [helped] the production of several disease-resistant crops by side-stepping the tendency of plants to pass infections between generations via seeds , tillers or tubers .

Digital data occupy a central position in this applications field and a number of examples are given to illustrate the extent to which their development has been hampered or facilitated in various countries by the policies of the organizations with responsibility for digital data provision .
digital data occupy a central position in this applications field and a number of examples are given to illustrate the extent to which their development has been hampered or [helped] in various countries by the policies of the organizations with responsibility for digital data provision .

The Civil War and the consequent need for uniforms stimulated the factory system , and the introduction of standard body-size measurements facilitated ready-to-wear clothing .
the civil war and the consequent need for uniforms stimulated the factory system , and the introduction of standard body-size measurements [helped] ready-to-wear clothing .

The larger size of these mass merchants facilitated adoption of rapid-replenishment practices as a result of economies of scale in inbound and outbound transportation , information technology , and distribution center operations .
the larger size of these mass merchants [helped] adoption of rapid-replenishment practices as a result of economies of scale in inbound and outbound transportation , information technology , and distribution center operations .

More to the point , by undermining federal authority to remove the incidents and marks of slavery , the Court facilitated segregation in American society .
more to the point , by undermining federal authority to remove the incidents and marks of slavery , the court [helped] segregation in american society .

FHWA employees trained in the Baldridge criteria facilitated the half-day sessions for each division .
fhwa employees trained in the baldridge criteria [helped] the half-day sessions for each division .

These teams facilitated communications and employee involvement by maintaining a focal point for the organization , working toward consensus , and posting performance data showing progress toward addressing these recommendations .
these teams [helped] communications and employee involvement by maintaining a focal point for the organization , working toward consensus , and posting performance data showing progress toward addressing these recommendations .

Although technology is being used to help bring teams that are geographically dispersed together in a virtual environment , to the extent that team members are already located nearby , moving team members to a shared location improved communication and enhanced efficiency.20 For example , collocating OPM 's retirement team members facilitated the sharing of information among members and led to improved work processes and customer satisfaction .
although technology is being used to help bring teams that are geographically dispersed together in a virtual environment , to the extent that team members are already located nearby , moving team members to a shared location improved communication and enhanced efficiency.20 for example , collocating opm 's retirement team members [helped] the sharing of information among members and led to improved work processes and customer satisfaction .

The sessions , which follow a standard agenda , are facilitated by a member of the central security group who helps ensure that business managers and technical staff communicate effectively and adhere to the agenda .
the sessions , which follow a standard agenda , are [helped] by a member of the central security group who helps ensure that business managers and technical staff communicate effectively and adhere to the agenda .

The sessions , which follow a standard agenda , are facilitated by a member of the central security group who helps ensure that business managers and technical staff communicate effectively and adhere to the agenda .
the sessions , which follow a standard agenda , are [helped] by a member of the central security group who helps ensure that business managers and technical staff communicate effectively and adhere to the agenda .

We 've developed an employee feedback system and facilitated an active employee suggestion program that has achieved bottomline benefits , and we have established a Comptroller General Employee Advisory Council , with which I will meet every quarter to discuss current and emerging issues of mutual interest and concern .
we 've developed an employee feedback system and [helped] an active employee suggestion program that has achieved bottomline benefits , and we have established a comptroller general employee advisory council , with which i will meet every quarter to discuss current and emerging issues of mutual interest and concern .

Several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and facilitated their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .
several of the organizations had professional and administrative staffs that provided analytical capabilities and [helped] their members ' participation in the organization 's activities .

Representatives of one group told us that their members ' ability to properly gather and protect computer-related evidence had facilitated law enforcement investigations , thus limiting the time and resources that the victim and the law enforcement officers needed to carry out an investigation .
representatives of one group told us that their members ' ability to properly gather and protect computer-related evidence had [helped] law enforcement investigations , thus limiting the time and resources that the victim and the law enforcement officers needed to carry out an investigation .

This task has been greatly facilitated by making the Federal Register available electronically and searchable through the GPO Access web site .
this task has been greatly [helped] by making the federal register available electronically and searchable through the gpo access web site .

For example , he said his agency had developed a format into which electronic comments could be filed , which greatly facilitated the subsequent analysis of the comments .
for example , he said his agency had developed a format into which electronic comments could be filed , which greatly [helped] the subsequent analysis of the comments .

DOT officials said the system had saved the department more than a million dollars each year in administrative costs and facilitated the rulemaking process in other ways .
dot officials said the system had saved the department more than a million dollars each year in administrative costs and [helped] the rulemaking process in other ways .

Session II - Group Discussion A group discussion , facilitated by Robert Gross and Melissa Pershing , followed .
session ii - group discussion a group discussion , [helped] by robert gross and melissa pershing , followed .

Session V -Comprehensive Marilyn McNamara ( New Hampshire ) and Adrienne Worthy ( West Virginia ) facilitated this discussion .
session v -comprehensive marilyn mcnamara ( new hampshire ) and adrienne worthy ( west virginia ) [helped] this discussion .

Session VI -Integrated Anne Milne ( Utah ) and Roger McCollister ( Kansas ) facilitated this discussion on innovative ways to integrate and combine fundraising to produce a creative resource development program .
session vi -integrated anne milne ( utah ) and roger mccollister ( kansas ) [helped] this discussion on innovative ways to integrate and combine fundraising to produce a creative resource development program .

VII -Statewide Norman Metzger ( Indiana ) and Janet Millard ( Wyoming ) facilitated this session , which included defining the term `` statewide '' and discussion of various statewide program models .
vii -statewide norman metzger ( indiana ) and janet millard ( wyoming ) [helped] this session , which included defining the term `` statewide '' and discussion of various statewide program models .

Two members of the Karp Consulting Group ( Deborah Howard and Yvonne Shinhoster Lamb ) facilitated the two-day session .
two members of the karp consulting group ( deborah howard and yvonne shinhoster lamb ) [helped] the two-day session .

Had we had more money we would have facilitated more conferences .
had we had more money we would have [helped] more conferences .

The United States has facilitated the importation of foreign agricultural workers in response to alleged shortages of workers in the United States for many years under various programs.8 Agricultural employers have consistently asserted that many U.S. workers did not want to work in seasonal agriculture or live in rural areas , and that crops would rot in the fields without foreign workers .
the united states has [helped] the importation of foreign agricultural workers in response to alleged shortages of workers in the united states for many years under various programs.8 agricultural employers have consistently asserted that many u.s. workers did not want to work in seasonal agriculture or live in rural areas , and that crops would rot in the fields without foreign workers .

The task forces are facilitated by senior attorneys from the various programs , and meet quarterly .
the task forces are [helped] by senior attorneys from the various programs , and meet quarterly .

Hawsawi also facilitated some of the operation 's financing .
hawsawi also [helped] some of the operation 's financing .

In sum , there is strong evidence that Iran facilitated the transit of al Qaeda members into and out of Afghanistan before 9/11 , and that some of these were future 9/11 hijackers .
in sum , there is strong evidence that iran [helped] the transit of al qaeda members into and out of afghanistan before 9/11 , and that some of these were future 9/11 hijackers .

Several factors facilitated the response to this incident , and distinguish it from the far more difficult task in New York .
several factors [helped] the response to this incident , and distinguish it from the far more difficult task in new york .

White House press release , `` G-8 Secure and Facilitated Travel Initiative ( SAFTI ) , '' June 9,2004 ( online at www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2004/06/20040609-51.html ) .
white house press release , `` g-8 secure and [helped] travel initiative ( safti ) , '' june 9,2004 ( online at www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2004/06/20040609-51.html ) .

The Pakistani military intelligence service probably had advance knowledge of his coming , and its officers may have facilitated his travel .
the pakistani military intelligence service probably had advance knowledge of his coming , and its officers may have [helped] his travel .

The heuristic simplicity and logical cogency of this model facilitated its wide acceptance , although it did not explain the processes that set the “ default. ” Some of these processes have been the subject of subsequent studies that were conducted in several different species , and this has led to a more refined ( and probably more accurate ) picture .
the heuristic simplicity and logical cogency of this model [helped] its wide acceptance , although it did not explain the processes that set the “ default. ” some of these processes have been the subject of subsequent studies that were conducted in several different species , and this has led to a more refined ( and probably more accurate ) picture .

The identification of parkin 's function was facilitated by the observation that the protein contains a RING finger ( Zhang et al .
the identification of parkin 's function was [helped] by the observation that the protein contains a ring finger ( zhang et al .

This imbalance of power is facilitated by such structured inequalities within churches as the preeminence of clergy over laity , of men over women , and even by the presumed superiority of the more “ spiritual ” over the less so .
this imbalance of power is [helped] by such structured inequalities within churches as the preeminence of clergy over laity , of men over women , and even by the presumed superiority of the more “ spiritual ” over the less so .

The BrainTalk Communities epilepsy support group that we observed was facilitated by volunteer patient moderators , with little or no professional input .
the braintalk communities epilepsy support group that we observed was [helped] by volunteer patient moderators , with little or no professional input .

This work was facilitated by the availability of a library of chromosome segment substitution lines , called introgression lines when the donor is a wild species , that provided the foundation for exploring the interactions among the independent QTLs .
this work was [helped] by the availability of a library of chromosome segment substitution lines , called introgression lines when the donor is a wild species , that provided the foundation for exploring the interactions among the independent qtls .

This achievement was a United States initiative , facilitated by the injection of federal and state funding into Phytophthora research .
this achievement was a united states initiative , [helped] by the injection of federal and state funding into phytophthora research .

The LAT notes that this is the latest in a long string of espionage arrests of mid- and low-level military intelligence personnel , and the paper suggests these have been facilitated by U.S. access to Russian intelligence files .
the lat notes that this is the latest in a long string of espionage arrests of mid- and low-level military intelligence personnel , and the paper suggests these have been [helped] by u.s. access to russian intelligence files .

The language of most state laws would seem to violate the Constitution 's interstate commerce clause , which facilitated the creation of a national economy .
the language of most state laws would seem to violate the constitution 's interstate commerce clause , which [helped] the creation of a national economy .

Improved information technology has facilitated the efficient interaction of independent units through the market without central control .
improved information technology has [helped] the efficient interaction of independent units through the market without central control .

In the long run , the impact of day trading on stock prices is negligible , and although the rise of the Net has facilitated day trading , in fact day trading as it 's done at firms such as All-Tech and Momentum looks more like old investing than new investing , in this sense : The people who profit from day trading are not the day traders , but the firms that reap huge commissions from all the trading , just as old-line brokers tended to encourage people to trade to increase churn in their accounts and boost commissions .
in the long run , the impact of day trading on stock prices is negligible , and although the rise of the net has [helped] day trading , in fact day trading as it 's done at firms such as all-tech and momentum looks more like old investing than new investing , in this sense : the people who profit from day trading are not the day traders , but the firms that reap huge commissions from all the trading , just as old-line brokers tended to encourage people to trade to increase churn in their accounts and boost commissions .

Had these numerals been set at the foredge of the pages ( instead of the page numbers , which serve no discernible useful purpose ) , finding the proper chapter and subsection numbers would have been greatly facilitated .
had these numerals been set at the foredge of the pages ( instead of the page numbers , which serve no discernible useful purpose ) , finding the proper chapter and subsection numbers would have been greatly [helped] .

Since there is no logic to the lengths of months , he had facilitated memory of them with a mnemonic device .
since there is no logic to the lengths of months , he had [helped] memory of them with a mnemonic device .

With the emergence of computer typesetting in the 1960s , it seemed likely that the analysis of large bodies of text from newspapers and periodicals ( in particular ) would be facilitated , for one of the greatest expenses was the cost of keyboarding the texts into machine-readable form so that they could be processed speedily and economically by computer .
with the emergence of computer typesetting in the 1960s , it seemed likely that the analysis of large bodies of text from newspapers and periodicals ( in particular ) would be [helped] , for one of the greatest expenses was the cost of keyboarding the texts into machine-readable form so that they could be processed speedily and economically by computer .

With the written language , this is orthographically facilitated by the various processes of word shortening -- acronyms ( ZIP for Zone Improvement Plan ) , contractions ( wo n't for will not ) , clipped words ( deli for delicatessen ) and abbreviations ( lb .
with the written language , this is orthographically [helped] by the various processes of word shortening -- acronyms ( zip for zone improvement plan ) , contractions ( wo n't for will not ) , clipped words ( deli for delicatessen ) and abbreviations ( lb .

