The uniform fiscal year facilitates inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures .
the uniform fiscal year [helps] inter-town comparison of revenues and expenditures .

This material fluoresces under ultraviolet light which facilitates its sampling and assessment .
this material fluoresces under ultraviolet light which [helps] its sampling and assessment .

This facilitates frequent changes in the commodity list and , as in the case above , the error is not usually very great .
this [helps] frequent changes in the commodity list and , as in the case above , the error is not usually very great .

This facilitates the quick comparison of the respective values of different goods .
this [helps] the quick comparison of the respective values of different goods .

Reptiles become progressively more efficient , just waiting for improvements which only increasing size facilitates , eventually anticipating full homeothermy .
reptiles become progressively more efficient , just waiting for improvements which only increasing size [helps] , eventually anticipating full homeothermy .

The point of this fracture between regulation broken and its consequences is that it facilitates corporate crime ; executives need only concern themselves with the likelihood of being leniently punished for breaking regulations , whilst ignoring its consequences for the law does not concern itself with the consequences either .
the point of this fracture between regulation broken and its consequences is that it [helps] corporate crime ; executives need only concern themselves with the likelihood of being leniently punished for breaking regulations , whilst ignoring its consequences for the law does not concern itself with the consequences either .

The giving of grades no doubt aggravates and facilitates such effects but mostly they could survive in its absence .
the giving of grades no doubt aggravates and [helps] such effects but mostly they could survive in its absence .

If we broaden it to mean simply ‘ cleverness ’ then obviously there can be several other explanations , mostly elucidated by an understanding of general intelligence and the way in which , even in the absence of ‘ psychotic ’ modes of thought , that facilitates high achievement .
if we broaden it to mean simply ‘ cleverness ’ then obviously there can be several other explanations , mostly elucidated by an understanding of general intelligence and the way in which , even in the absence of ‘ psychotic ’ modes of thought , that [helps] high achievement .

The concept of the singular universal thus facilitates a circularity in the argument whereby Sartre can avoid the question which he began by posing .
the concept of the singular universal thus [helps] a circularity in the argument whereby sartre can avoid the question which he began by posing .

Graves divides the writing process into stages and , through the encouragement of conferencing , facilitates intervention without loss of face for the pupil .
graves divides the writing process into stages and , through the encouragement of conferencing , [helps] intervention without loss of face for the pupil .

But the system of laws in place at any one time in a democracy worthy of the name has a permanence about it ; partly due to the formality and bureaucracy of the institutions which sustain it , but , more importantly , because of the hydra-headed nature of the social processes which it facilitates .
but the system of laws in place at any one time in a democracy worthy of the name has a permanence about it ; partly due to the formality and bureaucracy of the institutions which sustain it , but , more importantly , because of the hydra-headed nature of the social processes which it [helps] .

With this in mind , when you are shooting camera-originals which are to be assemble edited later , shoot them with at least five seconds of spare length at the beginning of each shot ; this not only facilitates the offsetting of the backspace but also helps to ensure that the edits will be stable on the copy .
with this in mind , when you are shooting camera-originals which are to be assemble edited later , shoot them with at least five seconds of spare length at the beginning of each shot ; this not only [helps] the offsetting of the backspace but also helps to ensure that the edits will be stable on the copy .

This environment not only encourages incompetence but also facilitates fraud .
this environment not only encourages incompetence but also [helps] fraud .

In this last case the interviewee begins by providing information which facilitates a diagnosis and the interviewer thereafter provides information about possible causes and remedies .
in this last case the interviewee begins by providing information which [helps] a diagnosis and the interviewer thereafter provides information about possible causes and remedies .

The behavioural characteristic which facilitates both of these requirements is knowledge of results .
the behavioural characteristic which [helps] both of these requirements is knowledge of results .

Living in modernity facilitates this belief because we live in a world of rapidly changing fashions and technologies .
living in modernity [helps] this belief because we live in a world of rapidly changing fashions and technologies .

Although the party 's ideological history facilitates its ability to act as an integrative party , it faces an inhibiting structural constraint in its association with trade unions .
although the party 's ideological history [helps] its ability to act as an integrative party , it faces an inhibiting structural constraint in its association with trade unions .

Such a strategy can also provide ideological uniformity in tackling government problems across different departments , and foster a clan -like cohesion across national government , which organization theorists emphasize facilitates policy co-ordination in non-routine operations ( Ouchi , 1980 ) .
such a strategy can also provide ideological uniformity in tackling government problems across different departments , and foster a clan -like cohesion across national government , which organization theorists emphasize [helps] policy co-ordination in non-routine operations ( ouchi , 1980 ) .

Problem factoring is the rationale for organization ; organization permits factoring and thus facilitates the management of problems .
problem factoring is the rationale for organization ; organization permits factoring and thus [helps] the management of problems .

Political and economic elites have shared interests in managing their complex environments , which facilitates co-operative elite bargaining .
political and economic elites have shared interests in managing their complex environments , which [helps] co-operative elite bargaining .

In the first , the state facilitates the democratic organization of clients .
in the first , the state [helps] the democratic organization of clients .

Encouragement to use sight effectively in daily classroom situations can be reinforced by a working environment that facilitates this exploration .
encouragement to use sight effectively in daily classroom situations can be reinforced by a working environment that [helps] this exploration .

The on board statement establishes a direct link between the goods and the vessel , a link that facilitates not only the holder 's recovery of the goods or insurance proceeds , but also his arrest of the vessel in the event of loss of or damage to the cargo .
the on board statement establishes a direct link between the goods and the vessel , a link that [helps] not only the holder 's recovery of the goods or insurance proceeds , but also his arrest of the vessel in the event of loss of or damage to the cargo .

To return to the main topic itself , that of the nature of the relationship between housing and fertility , it can be argued that for , those who choose a local authority tenancy , early childbearing , with or without marriage , is a rational strategy because it facilitates access to such a dwelling .
to return to the main topic itself , that of the nature of the relationship between housing and fertility , it can be argued that for , those who choose a local authority tenancy , early childbearing , with or without marriage , is a rational strategy because it [helps] access to such a dwelling .

One particular organizational feature which facilitates this process is a degree of flexibility in work practices and a skilled and constantly re-skillable workforce ( Hoshino , 1982c ) .
one particular organizational feature which [helps] this process is a degree of flexibility in work practices and a skilled and constantly re-skillable workforce ( hoshino , 1982c ) .

Job rotation also facilitates this learning .
job rotation also [helps] this learning .

Harms which are the consequence of most traditional crimes are normally immediate and noticeable , and establishing a direct link between act and consequences is a relatively simple matter which facilitates enforcement .
harms which are the consequence of most traditional crimes are normally immediate and noticeable , and establishing a direct link between act and consequences is a relatively simple matter which [helps] enforcement .

The conditions under which a concurrent memory load either facilitates or impairs performance on a primary cognitive task was further investigated in a series of experiments by Hellige , Cox and Litvac ( 1979 ) .
the conditions under which a concurrent memory load either [helps] or impairs performance on a primary cognitive task was further investigated in a series of experiments by hellige , cox and litvac ( 1979 ) .

At all ages , dog-whelks feed on discrete , easily identifiable , macroscopic sedentary prey ( upon which they remain for many hours or days ) which not only renders predator/prey investigations in the field possible but also facilitates the maintenance of these animals in aquaria .
at all ages , dog-whelks feed on discrete , easily identifiable , macroscopic sedentary prey ( upon which they remain for many hours or days ) which not only renders predator/prey investigations in the field possible but also [helps] the maintenance of these animals in aquaria .

It facilitates communication and encourages a recognition of common circumstances and interests .
it [helps] communication and encourages a recognition of common circumstances and interests .

While it is arguable that the Labour Party dances to the trade unions ' tune , it is also the case that the special relationship facilitates bargaining .
while it is arguable that the labour party dances to the trade unions ' tune , it is also the case that the special relationship [helps] bargaining .

In the National Health Service the control over funding also facilitates policy change from the centre .
in the national health service the control over funding also [helps] policy change from the centre .

The day hospital facilitates prolonged observation , allowing the assessment of consistency of a patient 's behaviour and possible behavioural modification to be achieved .
the day hospital [helps] prolonged observation , allowing the assessment of consistency of a patient 's behaviour and possible behavioural modification to be achieved .

This facilitates one to one forking when appropriate .
this [helps] one to one forking when appropriate .

But the computer also facilitates one particular type of study of texts : the study of their quantifiable features by statistical methods .
but the computer also [helps] one particular type of study of texts : the study of their quantifiable features by statistical methods .

Tribunals should adopt a flexible procedure which facilitates the presentation of evidence and argument by claimants and representatives with a range of communication skills , some outstanding , some very limited .
tribunals should adopt a flexible procedure which [helps] the presentation of evidence and argument by claimants and representatives with a range of communication skills , some outstanding , some very limited .

Establishing an ethnic identity itself facilitates the assertion of an individual identity .
establishing an ethnic identity itself [helps] the assertion of an individual identity .

First , this manufacturing approach facilitates a drastic simplification of accounting systems .
first , this manufacturing approach [helps] a drastic simplification of accounting systems .

Indeed , by enabling them to work together in committee — often over many years — the system facilitates contact between officers and councillors .
indeed , by enabling them to work together in committee — often over many years — the system [helps] contact between officers and councillors .

Smallness facilitates rapid warming to working temperatures , though it may also be a symptom of food sparsity ; compactness , including relative shortness of limbs and wings , helps to conserve heat and moisture .
smallness [helps] rapid warming to working temperatures , though it may also be a symptom of food sparsity ; compactness , including relative shortness of limbs and wings , helps to conserve heat and moisture .

efficiency : an organisation structure is efficient if it facilitates the achievement of organisational and personal goals by individuals with the ‘ minimum unsought consequences or costs .
efficiency : an organisation structure is efficient if it [helps] the achievement of organisational and personal goals by individuals with the ‘ minimum unsought consequences or costs .

facilitates the coordination of various individuals or departments and establishes ‘ unwritten ’ methods for getting a job done .
[helps] the coordination of various individuals or departments and establishes ‘ unwritten ’ methods for getting a job done .

’ Hence today such schemes will rarely lead to the creation of a special class of share ; it is only in relation to their allotment , financing , and provision for re-purchase by the company or the trustees of the scheme that there will be special arrangements which the Act facilitates by exclusions from the normal restrictions on purchase of own shares and on the provision of finance by a company for the acquisition of its shares .
’ hence today such schemes will rarely lead to the creation of a special class of share ; it is only in relation to their allotment , financing , and provision for re-purchase by the company or the trustees of the scheme that there will be special arrangements which the act [helps] by exclusions from the normal restrictions on purchase of own shares and on the provision of finance by a company for the acquisition of its shares .

Also , it facilitates the granting of security over assets which in the normal course of a company 's business are circulating , for example , stock in trade .
also , it [helps] the granting of security over assets which in the normal course of a company 's business are circulating , for example , stock in trade .

Also , if registration creates , at the minimum , a presumption that the charge has been validly registered , this facilitates the chargee assigning the charge either outright or by way of security .
also , if registration creates , at the minimum , a presumption that the charge has been validly registered , this [helps] the chargee assigning the charge either outright or by way of security .

Gibson and Levin ( 1975 ) proposed that information about letter constraints reduces uncertainty and facilitates the reading of words .
gibson and levin ( 1975 ) proposed that information about letter constraints reduces uncertainty and [helps] the reading of words .

First , prior analysis facilitates current analysis by reducing the amount of processing needing to be done in order to determine the literal meaning of a clause or sentence .
first , prior analysis [helps] current analysis by reducing the amount of processing needing to be done in order to determine the literal meaning of a clause or sentence .

For determining the cost of programmes , functions and activities in a manner which facilitates analysis and valid comparisons with established criteria , among time periods , and with other governmental units .
for determining the cost of programmes , functions and activities in a manner which [helps] analysis and valid comparisons with established criteria , among time periods , and with other governmental units .

The advantage of a Loans Fund is that it facilitates the authority 's management of debt .
the advantage of a loans fund is that it [helps] the authority 's management of debt .

While the Course facilitates meeting all of these aims , it has a particular responsibility in respect of 1 b and 1 c , 2 , 3 and 5 and enables the Polytechnic to make a distinctive contribution to the national system of higher education in these areas .
while the course [helps] meeting all of these aims , it has a particular responsibility in respect of 1 b and 1 c , 2 , 3 and 5 and enables the polytechnic to make a distinctive contribution to the national system of higher education in these areas .

In contrast , it seems that in [ 14 ] above it is the reformulation which facilitates the hearer 's understanding of the original .
in contrast , it seems that in [ 14 ] above it is the reformulation which [helps] the hearer 's understanding of the original .

The advantage of the public law model is that it facilitates the achievement of the statutory purposes and the development of one clearly understood set of general rules and principles .
the advantage of the public law model is that it [helps] the achievement of the statutory purposes and the development of one clearly understood set of general rules and principles .

The right of reply privilege does not merely protect responses to criticisms made in Parliament , of course : it is a privilege of general application , arising from the legitimate interest of individuals in protecting their reputations , and it is shared by the media when it facilitates that interest .
the right of reply privilege does not merely protect responses to criticisms made in parliament , of course : it is a privilege of general application , arising from the legitimate interest of individuals in protecting their reputations , and it is shared by the media when it [helps] that interest .

While the house in the wife 's sole name with a fixed charge in favour of the husband facilitates the wife 's control of the property , this does not offer her the flexibility to move house that might be incorporated when the house is held by trustees until a specified event ( see Chapter 6 ) .
while the house in the wife 's sole name with a fixed charge in favour of the husband [helps] the wife 's control of the property , this does not offer her the flexibility to move house that might be incorporated when the house is held by trustees until a specified event ( see chapter 6 ) .

Firstly , by abandoning the notion that only historians can model and manage data in a way which facilitates their particular data processing aims .
firstly , by abandoning the notion that only historians can model and manage data in a way which [helps] their particular data processing aims .

The landlord requires security of income for a long period , and this is specially desirable where the landlord is an investing institution which pays out pensions or insurance policies , because a period of twenty-five years ' secure income facilitates the actuarial calculations necessary in order to determine the level of payments which the landlord can make .
the landlord requires security of income for a long period , and this is specially desirable where the landlord is an investing institution which pays out pensions or insurance policies , because a period of twenty-five years ' secure income [helps] the actuarial calculations necessary in order to determine the level of payments which the landlord can make .

The reason Newco is formed to make the acquisition , rather than management acquiring Target direct , is that the incorporation of the company facilitates the creation of gearing in the form of fixed-dividend preference shares ; various forms of debt security issued by Newco ; and bank borrowing , to enable Newco to acquire Target .
the reason newco is formed to make the acquisition , rather than management acquiring target direct , is that the incorporation of the company [helps] the creation of gearing in the form of fixed-dividend preference shares ; various forms of debt security issued by newco ; and bank borrowing , to enable newco to acquire target .

The formal political framework facilitates an adversary relationship among political parties , but the underlying reality is a quest for compromise .
the formal political framework [helps] an adversary relationship among political parties , but the underlying reality is a quest for compromise .

This bilateralism ‘ contributes to an ‘ orderly ’ outward appearance of the law because it facilitates a precise identification of who has a right or a claim against whom and who may enforce it ' .
this bilateralism ‘ contributes to an ‘ orderly ’ outward appearance of the law because it [helps] a precise identification of who has a right or a claim against whom and who may enforce it ' .

He facilitates his people 's work rather than authorizes it .
he [helps] his people 's work rather than authorizes it .

Entertainment does not generate belief but merely facilitates the relationship .
entertainment does not generate belief but merely [helps] the relationship .

facilitates the verbal elaboration of subjective intent , sensitivity to the implications of separateness and difference , and points to the possibilities inherent in a complex conceptual hierarchy for the organization of experience .
[helps] the verbal elaboration of subjective intent , sensitivity to the implications of separateness and difference , and points to the possibilities inherent in a complex conceptual hierarchy for the organization of experience .

One frequent argument for state control is that it facilitates economic planning of key sectors of the economy .
one frequent argument for state control is that it [helps] economic planning of key sectors of the economy .

Useful semantic information therefore facilitates the incidence of meaningful strong overlaps in normal text .
useful semantic information therefore [helps] the incidence of meaningful strong overlaps in normal text .

by reason of ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , facilitates conversance with its provisions and saves time and expense ;
by reason of ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , [helps] conversance with its provisions and saves time and expense ;

facilitates a common market .
[helps] a common market .

Law facilitates commercial activity by providing structures within which it can take place .
law [helps] commercial activity by providing structures within which it can take place .

This completeness and therefore detachment , she claims , facilitates manipulability : ‘ linguistic contexts can be turned upside down more easily than real ones .
this completeness and therefore detachment , she claims , [helps] manipulability : ‘ linguistic contexts can be turned upside down more easily than real ones .

If Hildyard and Olson were saying that the form of literacy represented by its essay-text development in European academic institutions facilitates certain social , political or ideological functions that other forms of literacy and oral forms handle less efficiently , then one could test the hypothesis against the social facts .
if hildyard and olson were saying that the form of literacy represented by its essay-text development in european academic institutions [helps] certain social , political or ideological functions that other forms of literacy and oral forms handle less efficiently , then one could test the hypothesis against the social facts .

What one is left with , then , is a particular correlation : alphabetic literacy , of the kind that facilitates unambiguous communication , is first found diffused throughout a whole society in that period of late classical Greece when the idea of ‘ logic ’ and other aspects of ‘ unambiguous ’ communication also first developed .
what one is left with , then , is a particular correlation : alphabetic literacy , of the kind that [helps] unambiguous communication , is first found diffused throughout a whole society in that period of late classical greece when the idea of ‘ logic ’ and other aspects of ‘ unambiguous ’ communication also first developed .

Despite these important qualifications , Olson still implies elsewhere in that and other articles ( 1977 ; Hildyard and Olson , 1978 ) that writing itself can be unambiguous and that this is what facilitates objective knowledge .
despite these important qualifications , olson still implies elsewhere in that and other articles ( 1977 ; hildyard and olson , 1978 ) that writing itself can be unambiguous and that this is what [helps] objective knowledge .

The argument of this paper , therefore , is that language learning should be seen as resulting from an interaction between an organism pre-adapted to the learning task and an environment which , to varying degrees , facilitates that task by providing the evidence that the organism requires .
the argument of this paper , therefore , is that language learning should be seen as resulting from an interaction between an organism pre-adapted to the learning task and an environment which , to varying degrees , [helps] that task by providing the evidence that the organism requires .

This facilitates the smooth running of government and must be advantageous to those in government as it minimises the need to effect formal changes , a task which is time-consuming and may be beset with difficulties .
this [helps] the smooth running of government and must be advantageous to those in government as it minimises the need to effect formal changes , a task which is time-consuming and may be beset with difficulties .

( b ) it facilitates full consultation with experts .
( b ) it [helps] full consultation with experts .

Besides viewing the problem from a number of angles , this `` triangulation `` approach also facilitates the cross-checking of otherwise tentative findings .
besides viewing the problem from a number of angles , this `` triangulation `` approach also [helps] the cross-checking of otherwise tentative findings .

Rather than adopting a full-blooded process model in which the content of the curriculum might be indistinguishable from the activity of enquiry , schools have tended to see the teaching of a separate study skills course ( albeit sometimes under another name ) , which then facilitates the accessing of content for existing curriculum subjects , as the appropriate path to follow .
rather than adopting a full-blooded process model in which the content of the curriculum might be indistinguishable from the activity of enquiry , schools have tended to see the teaching of a separate study skills course ( albeit sometimes under another name ) , which then [helps] the accessing of content for existing curriculum subjects , as the appropriate path to follow .

Giddens ( 1973 , p. 107 ) emphasises this idea with his concept of ‘ structuration ’ : ‘ The greater the degree of ‘ closure ’ of mobility chances the more this facilitates the formation of identifiable classes .
giddens ( 1973 , p. 107 ) emphasises this idea with his concept of ‘ structuration ’ : ‘ the greater the degree of ‘ closure ’ of mobility chances the more this [helps] the formation of identifiable classes .

It could be argued that the increase in home ownership facilitates this tendency .
it could be argued that the increase in home ownership [helps] this tendency .

In October Rentokil acquired Rowland Compliance Testing Limited , a Colchester-based company specialising in carrying out regular testing of portable electrical appliances and building circuits which facilitates compliance for employers with the Electricity at Work Regulations 1989 .
in october rentokil acquired rowland compliance testing limited , a colchester-based company specialising in carrying out regular testing of portable electrical appliances and building circuits which [helps] compliance for employers with the electricity at work regulations 1989 .

Perhaps what is needed is more knowledge about what exists already and some sort of in-school organisation that facilitates access .
perhaps what is needed is more knowledge about what exists already and some sort of in-school organisation that [helps] access .

In the University Library , open-shelf access to nineteenth and twentieth-century British Parliamentary Papers greatly facilitates research on a range of British topics in this period .
in the university library , open-shelf access to nineteenth and twentieth-century british parliamentary papers greatly [helps] research on a range of british topics in this period .

The freedom in the growing up of the child allows a fixation to the pregenital phase and facilitates regression to it .
the freedom in the growing up of the child allows a fixation to the pregenital phase and [helps] regression to it .

The presence of transnational corporations in the manufacturing sectors of developing countries facilitates the transmission of their ‘ business culture , ’ their management concepts and operational techniques , to Third World partners and to local entrepreneurs … Their sales campaigns have resulted , for example , in increasing consumption of white bread , confections and soft drinks among the poorest people in the world by convincing people that status , convenience , and sweet taste are more important than nutrition . ( Jefkins and Ugboajah , 1986 , pp.170–1 )
the presence of transnational corporations in the manufacturing sectors of developing countries [helps] the transmission of their ‘ business culture , ’ their management concepts and operational techniques , to third world partners and to local entrepreneurs … their sales campaigns have resulted , for example , in increasing consumption of white bread , confections and soft drinks among the poorest people in the world by convincing people that status , convenience , and sweet taste are more important than nutrition . ( jefkins and ugboajah , 1986 , pp.170–1 )

Distension of the rectum facilitates defecation in patients with complete supraconal lesions by generating rectal contractions and anal relaxations in much the same way as in normal subjects .
distension of the rectum [helps] defecation in patients with complete supraconal lesions by generating rectal contractions and anal relaxations in much the same way as in normal subjects .

When bleeding is a steady ooze , it can often be stopped by injections of dilute adrenaline ( 1 in 10000 ) , and this also facilitates completion of the procedure and thereby drainage of the duct .
when bleeding is a steady ooze , it can often be stopped by injections of dilute adrenaline ( 1 in 10000 ) , and this also [helps] completion of the procedure and thereby drainage of the duct .

Breaking the budget down into shorter periods facilitates a more effective control device .
breaking the budget down into shorter periods [helps] a more effective control device .

In addition , the approach offers an absolute but moving standard that facilitates research into the characteristics of the poor and measures to move them over the poverty boundary .
in addition , the approach offers an absolute but moving standard that [helps] research into the characteristics of the poor and measures to move them over the poverty boundary .

While this does not make knowable , it facilitates discussion of the efficiency-equity trade-off below .
while this does not make knowable , it [helps] discussion of the efficiency-equity trade-off below .

Exclusion in many ways facilitates their apathy .
exclusion in many ways [helps] their apathy .

it effectively gives you the content of your drama work it brings the topic work to life it facilitates continuity within a drama project it makes it easier to do drama in other spaces than the school hall .
it effectively gives you the content of your drama work it brings the topic work to life it [helps] continuity within a drama project it makes it easier to do drama in other spaces than the school hall .

This facilitates imputation where the complex sampling error has not been calculated directly .
this [helps] imputation where the complex sampling error has not been calculated directly .

Similarly , as the temperature increases further and further above the glass transition , the enhanced segmental movement facilitates stress decay because of the greater ease of chain disentanglement .
similarly , as the temperature increases further and further above the glass transition , the enhanced segmental movement [helps] stress decay because of the greater ease of chain disentanglement .

The expressive notation facilitates abridgement in order to specify broader categories .
the expressive notation [helps] abridgement in order to specify broader categories .

Measurement , and the reason why Lazarsfeld was so insistent on developing a social research format that permitted even a modest level of quantification , is one of the procedures that facilitates the mathematisation of theory , a feature which is the hallmark of the most advanced of the natural sciences , such as physics .
measurement , and the reason why lazarsfeld was so insistent on developing a social research format that permitted even a modest level of quantification , is one of the procedures that [helps] the mathematisation of theory , a feature which is the hallmark of the most advanced of the natural sciences , such as physics .

Whereas one would expect the lexicon to be organised in a way that facilitates the access of items , one would expect working memory to be organised in a way that facilitated the discrimination of competing hypotheses .
whereas one would expect the lexicon to be organised in a way that [helps] the access of items , one would expect working memory to be organised in a way that facilitated the discrimination of competing hypotheses .

Psychologists have also found that gradation facilitates the prevention of what they call retroactive inhibition , whereby new material is confused with old material in such a way that neither can be remembered .
psychologists have also found that gradation [helps] the prevention of what they call retroactive inhibition , whereby new material is confused with old material in such a way that neither can be remembered .

Finally , none of the elemental concentrations in healthy subjects were different from those in the group with peptic ulcer disease , so the effect of zinc supplementation , which facilitates the healing of gastric ulcers , may not be due to the correction of cellular depletion , but rather a luminal or pharmacological effect .
finally , none of the elemental concentrations in healthy subjects were different from those in the group with peptic ulcer disease , so the effect of zinc supplementation , which [helps] the healing of gastric ulcers , may not be due to the correction of cellular depletion , but rather a luminal or pharmacological effect .

Third , money can function as a medium of exchange , as a physical object which facilitates the exchange of goods ( or the fulfilment of social obligations ) between different parties .
third , money can function as a medium of exchange , as a physical object which [helps] the exchange of goods ( or the fulfilment of social obligations ) between different parties .

The managerial implications are profound in many ways but above all a management framework must be created which facilitates such relationships in the first place and then allows them to flourish .
the managerial implications are profound in many ways but above all a management framework must be created which [helps] such relationships in the first place and then allows them to flourish .

it facilitates the articulation of ends and means .
it [helps] the articulation of ends and means .

The seeds on which weavers feed do not of course require spaced hunting , and flocking facilitates the location and congregation of birds on patchily distributed resources .
the seeds on which weavers feed do not of course require spaced hunting , and flocking [helps] the location and congregation of birds on patchily distributed resources .

This facilitates and in part constitutes the challenge of the perverse :
this [helps] and in part constitutes the challenge of the perverse :

Such incorporation facilitates a specific kind of transgressive reinscription .
such incorporation [helps] a specific kind of transgressive reinscription .

As was noted earlier , proponents of specialization claim , among other things , that it permits a greater development of knowledge and/or skills , and that it facilitates liaison with other agencies through increased awareness of how other disciplines work .
as was noted earlier , proponents of specialization claim , among other things , that it permits a greater development of knowledge and/or skills , and that it [helps] liaison with other agencies through increased awareness of how other disciplines work .

It is a sound rule because it facilitates social contact .
it is a sound rule because it [helps] social contact .

But the fact that introducing people to each other in those circumstances facilitates social contacts is itself a reason for doing so .
but the fact that introducing people to each other in those circumstances [helps] social contacts is itself a reason for doing so .

It is to be noted further that the Act , no doubt inadvertently , facilitates such behaviour by providing that the Tribunal shall give reasons for its decisions only to the Prime Minister .
it is to be noted further that the act , no doubt inadvertently , [helps] such behaviour by providing that the tribunal shall give reasons for its decisions only to the prime minister .

The initial and on-going commitment by the school 's Governors and management team , demonstrated by the provision of resources and an organisational framework which facilitates and encourages activity is an essential feature in the establishment of a partnership .
the initial and on-going commitment by the school 's governors and management team , demonstrated by the provision of resources and an organisational framework which [helps] and encourages activity is an essential feature in the establishment of a partnership .

If a match between the gender of the pronoun and the formal gender of the noun introducing its antecedent facilitates the interpretation of the pronoun , at least under some conditions — as we suspect it will — our hypothesis about the involvement of a superficial representation in the interpretation of deep anaphors will be supported .
if a match between the gender of the pronoun and the formal gender of the noun introducing its antecedent [helps] the interpretation of the pronoun , at least under some conditions — as we suspect it will — our hypothesis about the involvement of a superficial representation in the interpretation of deep anaphors will be supported .

It does , however , make it more likely to happen , and facilitates this by opening up the political space in which local differentiation can occur .
it does , however , make it more likely to happen , and [helps] this by opening up the political space in which local differentiation can occur .

Such a model facilitates accurate predictions of the average change in charge radii for nuclei .
such a model [helps] accurate predictions of the average change in charge radii for nuclei .

The presence of as many of these factors as possible facilitates effective learning , whether of manual or of online methods for information retrieval .
the presence of as many of these factors as possible [helps] effective learning , whether of manual or of online methods for information retrieval .

Contracting may be effective because it makes evasion difficult , facilitates communication , and offers rewards to the patient .
contracting may be effective because it makes evasion difficult , [helps] communication , and offers rewards to the patient .

The problem list facilitates communication among staff members and helps clearly identify exactly who has agreed to do what and when .
the problem list [helps] communication among staff members and helps clearly identify exactly who has agreed to do what and when .

Money thus facilitates trade and specialisation , two key conditions for the economic advancement of any society or nation .
money thus [helps] trade and specialisation , two key conditions for the economic advancement of any society or nation .

It enables a price system to operate and facilitates the production and exchange of goods .
it enables a price system to operate and [helps] the production and exchange of goods .

It facilitates saving which is absolutely essential for the economic progress of any nation .
it [helps] saving which is absolutely essential for the economic progress of any nation .

It facilitates the development of a sophisticated financial system and thus avoids the need for a pure cash economy , i.e .
it [helps] the development of a sophisticated financial system and thus avoids the need for a pure cash economy , i.e .

This monetary union — the French franc Zone — facilitates trade and investment .
this monetary union — the french franc zone — [helps] trade and investment .

The most desirable situation is to ensure , if possible , that the export or project 's receipts are in the currency of a loan as this facilitates interest and principal payments .
the most desirable situation is to ensure , if possible , that the export or project 's receipts are in the currency of a loan as this [helps] interest and principal payments .

These are slower-growing species than the annuals and will not be productive until the swidden stage is complete and in many cases not until the subsequent fallow is well established ; the different ages at which the perennials mature also facilitates a phased harvest so that the fallow stage is not unproductive .
these are slower-growing species than the annuals and will not be productive until the swidden stage is complete and in many cases not until the subsequent fallow is well established ; the different ages at which the perennials mature also [helps] a phased harvest so that the fallow stage is not unproductive .

It deﬁnitely enabled me to relocate all of that within myself this year and even be pleasantly surprised by how each accomplishment facilitates the next one .
it deﬁnitely enabled me to relocate all of that within myself this year and even be pleasantly surprised by how each accomplishment [helps] the next one .

Portilla calls the shared laughing una burla colectiva ( a collective joke ) , and states that collective laughter facilitates the collective “ negación a la conducta requerida ” ( negation of required conduct ) .
portilla calls the shared laughing una burla colectiva ( a collective joke ) , and states that collective laughter [helps] the collective “ negación a la conducta requerida ” ( negation of required conduct ) .

The limited political sphere of the nation facilitates the recognition of others as human beings sharing a common history .
the limited political sphere of the nation [helps] the recognition of others as human beings sharing a common history .

Freedom of contract enables individuals to express their personhood , but it also facilitates relationships of oppression , including “ slavery and involuntary servitude. ” After all , it is possible to choose to enter into a contract of slavery .
freedom of contract enables individuals to express their personhood , but it also [helps] relationships of oppression , including “ slavery and involuntary servitude. ” after all , it is possible to choose to enter into a contract of slavery .

Specifically , I will assume that the hexamer , 3 ’ CCCGGG5 ’ , is the catalyst that couples ligation of the two trimers , 5 ’ GGG3 ’ + 5 ’ CCC3 ’ , to the exergonic breakdown of PP to P + P. My second assumption is that monophosphate , P , binds to the hexamer and facilitates the reaction .
specifically , i will assume that the hexamer , 3 ’ cccggg5 ’ , is the catalyst that couples ligation of the two trimers , 5 ’ ggg3 ’ + 5 ’ ccc3 ’ , to the exergonic breakdown of pp to p + p. my second assumption is that monophosphate , p , binds to the hexamer and [helps] the reaction .

The framework also provides a structure for planning and reporting , facilitates bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .
the framework also provides a structure for planning and reporting , [helps] bringing the right mix of skills to each engagement , and ensures timely management buy-in on assessment strategies .

Knowledge about a product 's design and producibility facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes later in the program .
knowledge about a product 's design and producibility [helps] informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes later in the program .

Page 5 GAO-02-701 Best Practices Principal Findings Timely Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Is Critical to Program Success Knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .
page 5 gao-02-701 best practices principal findings timely design and manufacturing knowledge is critical to program success knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program [helps] informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .

Specifically , knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program facilitates informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .
specifically , knowledge that a product 's design is stable early in the program [helps] informed decisions about whether to significantly increase investments and reduces the risk of costly design changes that can result from unknowns after initial manufacturing begins .

Adopting these criteria facilitates our evaluation of how well the electronic signature system addresses its threats and helps identify vulnerabilities that may be present in the system .
adopting these criteria [helps] our evaluation of how well the electronic signature system addresses its threats and helps identify vulnerabilities that may be present in the system .

A legal and institutional environment that facilitates the development and enforcement of contracts and discourages crime and corruption may also contribute to economic growth .
a legal and institutional environment that [helps] the development and enforcement of contracts and discourages crime and corruption may also contribute to economic growth .

It also entails thinking about ways to incorporate the information technology and management leader in the executive-level management structure and create an environment that facilitates business/technology sharing and exchange of ideas .
it also entails thinking about ways to incorporate the information technology and management leader in the executive-level management structure and create an environment that [helps] business/technology sharing and exchange of ideas .

For instance , one state government CIO attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial , retail , and IT units , which facilitates his ability to Page 24 GAO-01-376G CIO Executive Guide get buy-in from stakeholders in the state .
for instance , one state government cio attributed his success to his breadth of experience across a variety of financial , retail , and it units , which [helps] his ability to page 24 gao-01-376g cio executive guide get buy-in from stakeholders in the state .

Active participation in executive processes and committees facilitates the CIOs « ability to build effective executive-level working relationships .
active participation in executive processes and committees [helps] the cios « ability to build effective executive-level working relationships .

Unrestricted Aliens The INA permits and facilitates travel outside of the United States by aliens eligible for LSC representation .
unrestricted aliens the ina permits and [helps] travel outside of the united states by aliens eligible for lsc representation .

Time is an international currency and facilitates cost comparisons .
time is an international currency and [helps] cost comparisons .

Perhaps Zn binding provides some additional control over the reactivity of the cysteine thiols , or perhaps the loss of the zinc facilitates conformational changes .
perhaps zn binding provides some additional control over the reactivity of the cysteine thiols , or perhaps the loss of the zinc [helps] conformational changes .

Additionally , C-reactive protein reduces endothelial nitric oxide synthase , upregulates the proatherosclerotic NF-κB pathway , enhances low-density lipoprotein ( LDL ) uptake by macrophages , which become foam cells , and facilitates T-cell- and complement-mediated destruction and apoptosis of the endothelium [ 2,26,29–31 ] .
additionally , c-reactive protein reduces endothelial nitric oxide synthase , upregulates the proatherosclerotic nf-κb pathway , enhances low-density lipoprotein ( ldl ) uptake by macrophages , which become foam cells , and [helps] t-cell- and complement-mediated destruction and apoptosis of the endothelium [ 2,26,29–31 ] .

We have shown here that IP-10 and MIG , two chemokines that are secreted from lung lymphocytes of participants with emphysema , upregulate specifically MMP12 and thus favor a proteolytic microenvironment that facilitates lung destruction .
we have shown here that ip-10 and mig , two chemokines that are secreted from lung lymphocytes of participants with emphysema , upregulate specifically mmp12 and thus favor a proteolytic microenvironment that [helps] lung destruction .

They represent a permanent genetic resource that greatly facilitates the utilization of wild and exotic germplasm in a breeding program , and they are also an efficient reagent for the discovery and isolation of genes underlying traits of agricultural importance .
they represent a permanent genetic resource that greatly [helps] the utilization of wild and exotic germplasm in a breeding program , and they are also an efficient reagent for the discovery and isolation of genes underlying traits of agricultural importance .

Cohesion close to the centromere facilitates bi-orientation of chromosomes , such that each chromosome becomes attached to the two poles of the spindle [ 6 ] .
cohesion close to the centromere [helps] bi-orientation of chromosomes , such that each chromosome becomes attached to the two poles of the spindle [ 6 ] .

Subunits of the complex may be phosphorylated , which facilitates their removal .
subunits of the complex may be phosphorylated , which [helps] their removal .

Taxpayers support an irrigation system that facilitates Florida sugar growing but ruins the Everglades .
taxpayers support an irrigation system that [helps] florida sugar growing but ruins the everglades .

The Internet facilitates monstrous purchases .
the internet [helps] monstrous purchases .

The Internet facilitates the sort of communications and activism that the Fords and Carnegies prayed PBS would spark .
the internet [helps] the sort of communications and activism that the fords and carnegies prayed pbs would spark .

Two weeks ago , Sweeney brought a steelworkers union official to the National Press Club to illustrate how the WTO 's prohibition against trade barriers facilitates the loss of U.S. manufacturing jobs to `` dumped imports '' and cheap labor abroad .
two weeks ago , sweeney brought a steelworkers union official to the national press club to illustrate how the wto 's prohibition against trade barriers [helps] the loss of u.s. manufacturing jobs to `` dumped imports '' and cheap labor abroad .

Even though the company facilitates actual commerce , it approaches regulation lightly , relying on its users to report on behavior deemed less than `` eBaysian '' .
even though the company [helps] actual commerce , it approaches regulation lightly , relying on its users to report on behavior deemed less than `` ebaysian '' .

