Mm , so your , your mum 's got , eh the divorce finalized is she ?
mm , so your , your mum 's got , eh the divorce [completed] is she ?

No well you see you 've finalized now .
no well you see you 've [completed] now .

it 's just that with this it means that you 've finalized it in your name .
it 's just that with this it means that you 've [completed] it in your name .

Sales staff are given an opportunity to review their estimates when the current year 's figures are finalized in June , and the budget is then submitted to the Board for final approval .
sales staff are given an opportunity to review their estimates when the current year 's figures are [completed] in june , and the budget is then submitted to the board for final approval .

No agreement can thus be reached about the use of that space and its correct functioning ; the interfacing geometry can not be finalized and changes may need to be made in order to remove violation once construction has taken place within the black box .
no agreement can thus be reached about the use of that space and its correct functioning ; the interfacing geometry can not be [completed] and changes may need to be made in order to remove violation once construction has taken place within the black box .

There is , however , a crucial condition attaching to the gift which must be met before the necessary documents can be finalized .
there is , however , a crucial condition attaching to the gift which must be met before the necessary documents can be [completed] .

The Tyne and Wear Structure Plan was prepared in the late 1970s and finalized in 1980 .
the tyne and wear structure plan was prepared in the late 1970s and [completed] in 1980 .

There are suggestions that conciliated settlements are finalized without conciliation officers taking a view on the equity of the monetary settlement they conciliate .
there are suggestions that conciliated settlements are [completed] without conciliation officers taking a view on the equity of the monetary settlement they conciliate .

Once the basic script has been agreed , the next task for the agency is to develop it into a finalized pre-production script .
once the basic script has been agreed , the next task for the agency is to develop it into a [completed] pre-production script .

His first marriage , in 1927 , to the operetta singer , Carlotta Vanconti , was unsuccessful and led to protracted divorce proceedings , which were not finalized until 1936 ; in that year he married his second wife , the English stage and film actress , Diana Napier , and settled in England .
his first marriage , in 1927 , to the operetta singer , carlotta vanconti , was unsuccessful and led to protracted divorce proceedings , which were not [completed] until 1936 ; in that year he married his second wife , the english stage and film actress , diana napier , and settled in england .

Design specifications for the research ship , for example , were still being finalized even after the design contract had been signed .
design specifications for the research ship , for example , were still being [completed] even after the design contract had been signed .

There is , however , no final system , no finalized body of ‘ findings ’ which never changes , no complete , unchanging set of theoretical propositions which are unrevisable .
there is , however , no final system , no [completed] body of ‘ findings ’ which never changes , no complete , unchanging set of theoretical propositions which are unrevisable .

Whereas neither the statutes of 1816 – 19 which freed the peasants of the Baltic provinces nor the south-western `` inventory reform `` of the 1840s had been included in the Complete Collection of the Laws , in late 1857 the government went public with major plans before they had even been finalized .
whereas neither the statutes of 1816 – 19 which freed the peasants of the baltic provinces nor the south-western `` inventory reform `` of the 1840s had been included in the complete collection of the laws , in late 1857 the government went public with major plans before they had even been [completed] .

Decide schedule order of facets Before the schedules can be finalized , the order of the facets in the schedules must be determined .
decide schedule order of facets before the schedules can be [completed] , the order of the facets in the schedules must be determined .

If finalized , the agreement would be the last of four deals designed to end decades of wrangling over the issue of rights to the land above the 60th parallel and to the oil and gas contained therein .
if [completed] , the agreement would be the last of four deals designed to end decades of wrangling over the issue of rights to the land above the 60th parallel and to the oil and gas contained therein .

Colombia , Mexico and Venezuela also signed an agreement `` of intent `` , scheduled to be finalized in Colombia in December 1991 , to establish a common free trade zone operative from January 1992 .
colombia , mexico and venezuela also signed an agreement `` of intent `` , scheduled to be [completed] in colombia in december 1991 , to establish a common free trade zone operative from january 1992 .

In their statement , the five countries called upon all states in the Middle East to accept international controls on their nuclear activities and to sign the global treaty banning chemical weapons , currently being finalized at the Geneva Conference on Disarmament [ see p. 38217 ] .
in their statement , the five countries called upon all states in the middle east to accept international controls on their nuclear activities and to sign the global treaty banning chemical weapons , currently being [completed] at the geneva conference on disarmament [ see p. 38217 ] .

The latest draft of the Treaty , placing greater emphasis on republican rights than the original draft published in November 1990 [ see p. 37903 ] , had been approved by the Federation Council on March 6 ( albeit with Armenia , Georgia , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Moldavia boycotting the meeting , and Azerbaijan and two of the 20 autonomous republics refusing to sign the finalized version ) .
the latest draft of the treaty , placing greater emphasis on republican rights than the original draft published in november 1990 [ see p. 37903 ] , had been approved by the federation council on march 6 ( albeit with armenia , georgia , estonia , latvia , lithuania and moldavia boycotting the meeting , and azerbaijan and two of the 20 autonomous republics refusing to sign the [completed] version ) .

Although after the talks there were still reports of heavy skirmishing along the Kashmir border , at a third round of talks in Islamabad in late 1990 an agreement not to attack each other 's nuclear installations was finalized .
although after the talks there were still reports of heavy skirmishing along the kashmir border , at a third round of talks in islamabad in late 1990 an agreement not to attack each other 's nuclear installations was [completed] .

In a statement issued on Sept. 10 Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the French Minister of Industry and Foreign Trade , said that the government could not formally announce its approval until a commercial agreement was finalized between Taiwan and the manufacturer of the Mirage , Dassault Aviation , but that " such a decision … would not be considered as an act of aggression against the People 's Republic of China " .
in a statement issued on sept. 10 dominique strauss-kahn , the french minister of industry and foreign trade , said that the government could not formally announce its approval until a commercial agreement was [completed] between taiwan and the manufacturer of the mirage , dassault aviation , but that " such a decision … would not be considered as an act of aggression against the people 's republic of china " .

Treaties on good-neighbourly relations and on co-operation and mutual assistance between government ministries were also finalized .
treaties on good-neighbourly relations and on co-operation and mutual assistance between government ministries were also [completed] .

The joint declaration , finalized in Vienna on Nov. 14 , affirmed that its signatories `` are no longer adversaries `` and that `` none of their weapons will ever be used except in self-defence `` .
the joint declaration , [completed] in vienna on nov. 14 , affirmed that its signatories `` are no longer adversaries `` and that `` none of their weapons will ever be used except in self-defence `` .

The 12-year civil war in El Salvador was formally brought to an end on Dec. 15 when , after a series of delays and setbacks , the planned demobilization of guerrilla forces and active army units was finalized .
the 12-year civil war in el salvador was formally brought to an end on dec. 15 when , after a series of delays and setbacks , the planned demobilization of guerrilla forces and active army units was [completed] .

Progress was reported on the Israeli-Jordanian strand of negotiations , and on Oct. 28 the two sides announced that they had almost finalized a full agenda .
progress was reported on the israeli-jordanian strand of negotiations , and on oct. 28 the two sides announced that they had almost [completed] a full agenda .

Paul Shipton is doing the initial writing , and his manuscript will be looked over by Tom Hutchinson before being finalized .
paul shipton is doing the initial writing , and his manuscript will be looked over by tom hutchinson before being [completed] .

By Friday night , the next day 's edition was finalized .
by friday night , the next day 's edition was [completed] .

When the research for Too Long a Winter , the first film documentary about Hannah , was being finalized around the end of October 1912 , a certain hope was expressed about the weather .
when the research for too long a winter , the first film documentary about hannah , was being [completed] around the end of october 1912 , a certain hope was expressed about the weather .

The evaluation could also be regarded as being of the summative type , in that information was given of the functioning of a nearly finalized course .
the evaluation could also be regarded as being of the summative type , in that information was given of the functioning of a nearly [completed] course .

Last year , on February 25 , 2002 , GAO held a forum to discuss systemic issues related to these accountability failures , such as corporate governance , accounting and reporting , and auditing.1 Since that time , major reform legislation has been enacted-the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002-and regulators have proposed and/or finalized a number of new requirements to address issues related to the failures .
last year , on february 25 , 2002 , gao held a forum to discuss systemic issues related to these accountability failures , such as corporate governance , accounting and reporting , and auditing.1 since that time , major reform legislation has been enacted-the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002-and regulators have proposed and/or [completed] a number of new requirements to address issues related to the failures .

We anticipate this revision of the standards , when finalized , will become effective for financial audits of periods ending on or after January 1 , 2003 , and for attestation engagements and performance audits beginning on or after January 1 , 2003 .
we anticipate this revision of the standards , when [completed] , will become effective for financial audits of periods ending on or after january 1 , 2003 , and for attestation engagements and performance audits beginning on or after january 1 , 2003 .

It is modified during data collection and the OTTR process and finalized after the evaluation team has read through all the case Page 70 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations Graphic Data Displays materials .
it is modified during data collection and the ottr process and [completed] after the evaluation team has read through all the case page 70 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations graphic data displays materials .

In 1998 , EPA finalized the NOx SIP call , which now requires 19 states and the District of Columbia ( whose emissions significantly contribute to downwind ozone nonattainment problems ) to revise their SIPs to control summertime NOx emissions .
in 1998 , epa [completed] the nox sip call , which now requires 19 states and the district of columbia ( whose emissions significantly contribute to downwind ozone nonattainment problems ) to revise their sips to control summertime nox emissions .

In a separate action aimed at the same interstate NOx transport problem , in January 2000 , EPA finalized a rule which was issued in response to petitions from several northeastern states under section 126 of the CAA .
in a separate action aimed at the same interstate nox transport problem , in january 2000 , epa [completed] a rule which was issued in response to petitions from several northeastern states under section 126 of the caa .

The recently finalized regional haze rule will also require power generators to reduce SO2 and NOx emissions either through the implementation of best available retrofit technology ( BART ) or a trading program yet to be developed .
the recently [completed] regional haze rule will also require power generators to reduce so2 and nox emissions either through the implementation of best available retrofit technology ( bart ) or a trading program yet to be developed .

The deputies agreed to revise the al Qaeda presidential directive , then being finalized for presidential approval , in order to add this strategy to it .
the deputies agreed to revise the al qaeda presidential directive , then being [completed] for presidential approval , in order to add this strategy to it .

Specifics will be sent to you once the menu and plans have been finalized and invitations printed .
specifics will be sent to you once the menu and plans have been [completed] and invitations printed .

Israel 's move to new elections , the papers explain , is not finalized yet , but virtually guaranteed , with the field likely to pit at least two candidates against Netanyahu .
israel 's move to new elections , the papers explain , is not [completed] yet , but virtually guaranteed , with the field likely to pit at least two candidates against netanyahu .

Under the agreement -- the details of which should be finalized by Monday -- tobacco companies would face various marketing restrictions , including a ban on billboard advertising .
under the agreement -- the details of which should be [completed] by monday -- tobacco companies would face various marketing restrictions , including a ban on billboard advertising .

The NYT and WSJ lead with the Knesset 's ratification of the peace memorandum finalized at Wye , Maryland last month .
the nyt and wsj lead with the knesset 's ratification of the peace memorandum [completed] at wye , maryland last month .

Frazier sued the school for sex discrimination and retaliation in 1998 , just before the decision to dismiss her was finalized .
frazier sued the school for sex discrimination and retaliation in 1998 , just before the decision to dismiss her was [completed] .

Istook 's amendment wound up on the cutting room floor when the budget bill was finalized this week , but it may re-emerge next year .
istook 's amendment wound up on the cutting room floor when the budget bill was [completed] this week , but it may re-emerge next year .

The leaked report -- which will be finalized in October -- says the Pentagon has `` created risks to national security . ''
the leaked report -- which will be [completed] in october -- says the pentagon has `` created risks to national security . ''

