He and Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze are holding talks here to finalize details of the summit , and to add impetus to Arms Control agreements the two leaders will be negotiating .
he and soviet foreign minister eduard shevardnadze are holding talks here to [complete] details of the summit , and to add impetus to arms control agreements the two leaders will be negotiating .

In 1561 he received a royal dispensation to be absent from his Durham prebend to finalize a map of England ‘ both fairer and more perfect and truer than it hath been hitherto ’ .
in 1561 he received a royal dispensation to be absent from his durham prebend to [complete] a map of england ‘ both fairer and more perfect and truer than it hath been hitherto ’ .

The only plausible explanation for the omission is that , at the time of copying , Purcell had yet to finalize the detail of these inner parts .
the only plausible explanation for the omission is that , at the time of copying , purcell had yet to [complete] the detail of these inner parts .

In February 1173 he met Humbert at Montferrat in the Auvergne to finalize the details of the betrothal .
in february 1173 he met humbert at montferrat in the auvergne to [complete] the details of the betrothal .

Step 7 : negotiate and finalize financing agreement
step 7 : negotiate and [complete] financing agreement

Meanwhile , commissions were attempting to finalize drafts of the various congress declarations , but dozens of contradictory amendments were being tabled by the various delegations .
meanwhile , commissions were attempting to [complete] drafts of the various congress declarations , but dozens of contradictory amendments were being tabled by the various delegations .

The Japanese Kyodo news agency reported on May 7 that Yazov and his Chinese counterpart , Gen. Qin , failed to finalize details of an arms deal during the visit .
the japanese kyodo news agency reported on may 7 that yazov and his chinese counterpart , gen. qin , failed to [complete] details of an arms deal during the visit .

Signs of willingness to finalize a no-attack treaty came at the conclusion of a third round of high-level talks on Dec. 18-20 in Islamabad , Pakistan , between the Indian foreign secretary Muchkund Dubey and his Pakistani counterpart , Shahryar Khan .
signs of willingness to [complete] a no-attack treaty came at the conclusion of a third round of high-level talks on dec. 18-20 in islamabad , pakistan , between the indian foreign secretary muchkund dubey and his pakistani counterpart , shahryar khan .

The two countries had yet to finalize a peace treaty formally ending the conflict which had effectively been halted by the 1988 ceasefire agreement [ see pp .
the two countries had yet to [complete] a peace treaty formally ending the conflict which had effectively been halted by the 1988 ceasefire agreement [ see pp .

Conference participants agreed that regular meetings would be preceded in the first instance by a meeting in September of arms control experts who would finalize details of an agreement in time for a plenary session scheduled for October .
conference participants agreed that regular meetings would be preceded in the first instance by a meeting in september of arms control experts who would [complete] details of an agreement in time for a plenary session scheduled for october .

The election had originally been planned for March 1 , but was postponed because of the need to finalize a new election law , which was approved by the People 's Assembly on Feb. 4 , and because , according to reports , the government faced difficulties in financing and organizing the election .
the election had originally been planned for march 1 , but was postponed because of the need to [complete] a new election law , which was approved by the people 's assembly on feb. 4 , and because , according to reports , the government faced difficulties in financing and organizing the election .

The visit , the first by an Indian minister since the break-up of the former Soviet Union , reportedly aimed to finalize details of a defence co-operation agreement between the two countries ahead of Russian President Boris Yeltsin 's scheduled visit to India in January 1993 .
the visit , the first by an indian minister since the break-up of the former soviet union , reportedly aimed to [complete] details of a defence co-operation agreement between the two countries ahead of russian president boris yeltsin 's scheduled visit to india in january 1993 .

Hopes that Israel and Jordan would finalize a full agenda [ see p. 39167 ] during the seventh round proved groundless .
hopes that israel and jordan would [complete] a full agenda [ see p. 39167 ] during the seventh round proved groundless .

Efforts intensified to finalize plans for post-war reconstruction estimated to cost around $ 100,000 million , or well in excess of the $ 40,000 million estimated earlier .
efforts intensified to [complete] plans for post-war reconstruction estimated to cost around $ 100,000 million , or well in excess of the $ 40,000 million estimated earlier .

finalize and document the agreement
[complete] and document the agreement

The candidates themselves may have to commit more time to the interview selection process ; the interviewers will have to ensure they leave enough time for discussion between themselves as well as making their own post-interview notes ; time will have to be set aside for the interviewers to meet and finalize their decision .
the candidates themselves may have to commit more time to the interview selection process ; the interviewers will have to ensure they leave enough time for discussion between themselves as well as making their own post-interview notes ; time will have to be set aside for the interviewers to meet and [complete] their decision .

He said the commission was to meet in Phoenix on Dec. 7 to finalize its report for the ABA 's general meeting next spring .
he said the commission was to meet in phoenix on dec. 7 to [complete] its report for the aba 's general meeting next spring .

It allowed senior management to emphasize the most important elements of information security policy , provided some flexibility to unit managers , made policies easier for employees to understand , and , in some cases , reduced the amount of formal review needed to finalize updated policies .
it allowed senior management to emphasize the most important elements of information security policy , provided some flexibility to unit managers , made policies easier for employees to understand , and , in some cases , reduced the amount of formal review needed to [complete] updated policies .

The engagement team generally should not finalize the audit plan or issue a commitment letter until it has done initial testing and reviewed existing information about the data and the system that produces the data .
the engagement team generally should not [complete] the audit plan or issue a commitment letter until it has done initial testing and reviewed existing information about the data and the system that produces the data .

It allowed senior management to emphasize the most important elements of information security policy , provided some flexibility to unit managers , made policies easier for employees to understand , and , in some cases , reduced the amount of formal review needed to finalize updated policies .
it allowed senior management to emphasize the most important elements of information security policy , provided some flexibility to unit managers , made policies easier for employees to understand , and , in some cases , reduced the amount of formal review needed to [complete] updated policies .

We will finalize them by October 2000 .
we will [complete] them by october 2000 .

After this phase , we will make any needed refinements based on feedback received and finalize the protocols .
after this phase , we will make any needed refinements based on feedback received and [complete] the protocols .

On September 10 , Hadley gathered the deputies to finalize their threephase , multiyear plan to pressure and perhaps ultimately topple theTaliban leadership .
on september 10 , hadley gathered the deputies to [complete] their threephase , multiyear plan to pressure and perhaps ultimately topple thetaliban leadership .

At today 's meeting Lemmy and two female Sirenians were attempting to finalize a deal in which they would purchase a live dugong , a purchase that is illegal under Malaysian law and international protocols on the preservation of endangered species .
at today 's meeting lemmy and two female sirenians were attempting to [complete] a deal in which they would purchase a live dugong , a purchase that is illegal under malaysian law and international protocols on the preservation of endangered species .

The New York Times leads with the news that Republicans in Congress are likely to dip into the Social Security surplus -- despite repeated promises to the contrary -- as they finalize budget bills this week .
the new york times leads with the news that republicans in congress are likely to dip into the social security surplus -- despite repeated promises to the contrary -- as they [complete] budget bills this week .

Albanian delegates , on the other hand , pledged at the last minute to sign the proposed peace agreement -- they will finalize their decision after consulting with advisers back home .
albanian delegates , on the other hand , pledged at the last minute to sign the proposed peace agreement -- they will [complete] their decision after consulting with advisers back home .

