# previous is simpler

Another medium , another sitter , would produce a somewhat different content , but in general it would probably sound much like the foregoing reading .
another medium , another sitter , would produce a somewhat different content , but in general it would probably sound much like the [previously mentioned] reading .

But for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case .
but for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the [previously mentioned] case .

The foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it .
the [previously mentioned] factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it .

Undoubtedly , however , the significance of the volume is greater than the foregoing paragraphs suggest .
undoubtedly , however , the significance of the volume is greater than the [previously mentioned] paragraphs suggest .

Now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach ; ;
now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the [previously mentioned] is that they appear to preach ; ;

The following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature .
the following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a 10-foot maximum ) shows , when considered with the [previously mentioned] , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature .

The foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion .
the [previously mentioned] remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion .

The foregoing have been methods of charting prices , but now let us look at some of the other indices that are customarily charted , and which are looked to for their forecasting abilities .
the [previously mentioned] have been methods of charting prices , but now let us look at some of the other indices that are customarily charted , and which are looked to for their forecasting abilities .

And so the authors conclude : `` The conduct of the patient in his every-day life and in his work , even more than the foregoing facts ( mentioned above under 1 ) , leave positively no room for doubt that the sense of touch , in the ordinary sense of the word , was unaffected ; ;
and so the authors conclude : `` the conduct of the patient in his every-day life and in his work , even more than the [previously mentioned] facts ( mentioned above under 1 ) , leave positively no room for doubt that the sense of touch , in the ordinary sense of the word , was unaffected ; ;

We stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of Moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a Russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of foregoing the highest international honor .
we stood under a gigantic tree in the rolling country just outside of moscow looking at silent flowers on the grave of a russian poet and writer who cherished the love for his country to the point of [previously mentioned] the highest international honor .

The foregoing , aided by several clues I'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of Inspector Javert , but before they close in , gird yourselves , I repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless .
the [previously mentioned] , aided by several clues i'll withhold to keep you on your toes , will pursue you with a tenacity worthy of inspector javert , but before they close in , gird yourselves , i repeat , for a vengeance infinitely more pitiless .

As the foregoing arguments have suggested , control is not imposed so much as negotiated or bargained between parties who both have considerable power resources ( cf .
as the [previously mentioned] arguments have suggested , control is not imposed so much as negotiated or bargained between parties who both have considerable power resources ( cf .

The theory of the foregoing section will now be applied to particular purely reactive filters .
the theory of the [previously mentioned] section will now be applied to particular purely reactive filters .

Note in passing that the actual wavelength in a transmission line is a little less than that in air on account of the dielectric constant of the plastic insulating material but this does not significantly affect the foregoing order of magnitude estimates .
note in passing that the actual wavelength in a transmission line is a little less than that in air on account of the dielectric constant of the plastic insulating material but this does not significantly affect the [previously mentioned] order of magnitude estimates .

The foregoing lists are not exhaustive but should cover the vast majority of eventualities .
the [previously mentioned] lists are not exhaustive but should cover the vast majority of eventualities .

The foregoing discussion of mammalian cooling techniques and their relation to the human species is rather academic .
the [previously mentioned] discussion of mammalian cooling techniques and their relation to the human species is rather academic .

The foregoing argument may be supported by what Gandhi says about the names and forms of God .
the [previously mentioned] argument may be supported by what gandhi says about the names and forms of god .

The foregoing should help to explain why the British so persistently entertained the improbable notion that the Masai were ‘ loyal ’ : the wish was father to the thought .
the [previously mentioned] should help to explain why the british so persistently entertained the improbable notion that the masai were ‘ loyal ’ : the wish was father to the thought .

However , the justification for excluding such background policy issues from the jurisdiction of the courts would appear to rest on two grounds , both of which may be open to question in the light of the foregoing analysis .
however , the justification for excluding such background policy issues from the jurisdiction of the courts would appear to rest on two grounds , both of which may be open to question in the light of the [previously mentioned] analysis .

The same section further provides that ‘ … any enactment passed or to be passed … shall be construed and have effect subject to the foregoing … ’ and since the doctrine of supremacy of Community law is arguably a part of Community law this provision appears to have the effect , so long as it remains law , of establishing the primacy of Community law , ( s.2 ( 4 ) ) .
the same section further provides that ‘ … any enactment passed or to be passed … shall be construed and have effect subject to the [previously mentioned] … ’ and since the doctrine of supremacy of community law is arguably a part of community law this provision appears to have the effect , so long as it remains law , of establishing the primacy of community law , ( s.2 ( 4 ) ) .

In the light of the foregoing , psychiatry itself is increasingly being forced to admit that the firm categories of psychosis with which it has tried to work for many years are of limited value .
in the light of the [previously mentioned] , psychiatry itself is increasingly being forced to admit that the firm categories of psychosis with which it has tried to work for many years are of limited value .

From the foregoing comes one of the basic facts of modern economic society : the poor in our economy are needed to do the work that the more fortunate do not do and would find manifestly distasteful , even distressing .
from the [previously mentioned] comes one of the basic facts of modern economic society : the poor in our economy are needed to do the work that the more fortunate do not do and would find manifestly distasteful , even distressing .

This , however , it will be evident from the foregoing , is something on which no one should count in the future .
this , however , it will be evident from the [previously mentioned] , is something on which no one should count in the future .

None of the foregoing says anything about the ‘ Silmarils ’ themselves , the jewels which give their name to The Silmarillion , and whose fate determines its plot .
none of the [previously mentioned] says anything about the ‘ silmarils ’ themselves , the jewels which give their name to the silmarillion , and whose fate determines its plot .

The foregoing announcement appeared in an 1865 issue of the Lichfield Advertiser .
the [previously mentioned] announcement appeared in an 1865 issue of the lichfield advertiser .

Thus this paper supplies only a part of the substantiation which the foregoing analysis requires .
thus this paper supplies only a part of the substantiation which the [previously mentioned] analysis requires .

The temptation is to anthropomorphise their plight , to compare them with human beings in similar situations ( as Rollin does explicitly ) who would almost certainly be distressed at the opportunities that they were foregoing and make protest .
the temptation is to anthropomorphise their plight , to compare them with human beings in similar situations ( as rollin does explicitly ) who would almost certainly be distressed at the opportunities that they were [previously mentioned] and make protest .

As the foregoing brief chronology has demonstrated , which Councils have been recognized as ecumenical is far more arbitrary than is acknowledged by the bland words of the current Code .
as the [previously mentioned] brief chronology has demonstrated , which councils have been recognized as ecumenical is far more arbitrary than is acknowledged by the bland words of the current code .

with much concern being voiced , and discussion in the media , regarding illegal trafficking in works of art of doubtful provenance and authenticity ) the foregoing test of good faith becomes quite a severe one to meet .
with much concern being voiced , and discussion in the media , regarding illegal trafficking in works of art of doubtful provenance and authenticity ) the [previously mentioned] test of good faith becomes quite a severe one to meet .

It is apparent from the foregoing discussion that comparative industrial relations is by no means an easy field of study and has considerable inherent problems .
it is apparent from the [previously mentioned] discussion that comparative industrial relations is by no means an easy field of study and has considerable inherent problems .

The foregoing illustrations emphasise problems of interpretation across cultures , however much of the teaching of Scripture is so plain and obvious that no great intellectual capacity or specialist training is required .
the [previously mentioned] illustrations emphasise problems of interpretation across cultures , however much of the teaching of scripture is so plain and obvious that no great intellectual capacity or specialist training is required .

4.2.2 Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing :
4.2.2 without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] :

10.8.13 Without prejudice to its obligations under the foregoing provisions each Party undertakes to each other Party that ( insofar as it has not already done so ) it will procure undertakings from relevant employees members of staff and students to enable it to perform those said obligations .
10.8.13 without prejudice to its obligations under the [previously mentioned] provisions each party undertakes to each other party that ( insofar as it has not already done so ) it will procure undertakings from relevant employees members of staff and students to enable it to perform those said obligations .

13.2.4 Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , no work , paper or presentation may be published or made where the publication or making of such work , paper or presentation would prejudice the grant or validity of any application for intellectual property rights based on any part of the work .
13.2.4 without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] , no work , paper or presentation may be published or made where the publication or making of such work , paper or presentation would prejudice the grant or validity of any application for intellectual property rights based on any part of the work .

Thus , a modest survey for the purposes of this chapter , of twelve presses from the foregoing list ( Kelmscott , Doves , Ashendene , Essex House , Eragny , Vale , Shakespeare Head , Riccardi , St. Dominic 's , Nonesuch , Golden Cockerel and Gregynog ) featured in a recent fairly important sale , threw up the following facts :
thus , a modest survey for the purposes of this chapter , of twelve presses from the [previously mentioned] list ( kelmscott , doves , ashendene , essex house , eragny , vale , shakespeare head , riccardi , st. dominic 's , nonesuch , golden cockerel and gregynog ) featured in a recent fairly important sale , threw up the following facts :

One curious example may have been noticed in the foregoing listing-that of the Rev .
one curious example may have been noticed in the [previously mentioned] listing-that of the rev .

The qualities required of a country-town solicitor appear clearly enough from the foregoing description of his work .
the qualities required of a country-town solicitor appear clearly enough from the [previously mentioned] description of his work .

Details of the foregoing can be seen in the Law Society 's Handbook , or in Halsbury 's Laws of England , 3rd ed .
details of the [previously mentioned] can be seen in the law society 's handbook , or in halsbury 's laws of england , 3rd ed .

In the foregoing discussion the interest of society in the efficient creation of wealth was recognised .
in the [previously mentioned] discussion the interest of society in the efficient creation of wealth was recognised .

The foregoing discussion has juxtaposed management and owner control , but there is of course a range of other influences that set limits to managerial autonomy .
the [previously mentioned] discussion has juxtaposed management and owner control , but there is of course a range of other influences that set limits to managerial autonomy .

It was suggested in the foregoing discussion that the laxity of the duty of care can be explained partly by reference to the confidence of the courts , at least historically , in the effectiveness of shareholder control .
it was suggested in the [previously mentioned] discussion that the laxity of the duty of care can be explained partly by reference to the confidence of the courts , at least historically , in the effectiveness of shareholder control .

The Treasury and Civil Service Committee ended its deliberations on the poverty trap by recording : ‘ It is clear from the foregoing that the extreme version of the poverty trap , so called — i.e .
the treasury and civil service committee ended its deliberations on the poverty trap by recording : ‘ it is clear from the [previously mentioned] that the extreme version of the poverty trap , so called — i.e .

Much of the foregoing has concentrated on the origins and physical plans of towns .
much of the [previously mentioned] has concentrated on the origins and physical plans of towns .

The foregoing three examples provided further illustrations of the usefulness of complex functions for solving electrostatic problems ( for further information on these mappings see , for example , Simonyi ( 1963 ) ) .
the [previously mentioned] three examples provided further illustrations of the usefulness of complex functions for solving electrostatic problems ( for further information on these mappings see , for example , simonyi ( 1963 ) ) .

The committee 's proposed remedies for the defects of the law as they found it appear clearly from the foregoing paragraphs .
the committee 's proposed remedies for the defects of the law as they found it appear clearly from the [previously mentioned] paragraphs .

As argued for above , a denial of re-hearing based on a ‘ last opportunity ’ rationale only convinces if premised on the foregoing of an opportunity which would have been afforded .
as argued for above , a denial of re-hearing based on a ‘ last opportunity ’ rationale only convinces if premised on the [previously mentioned] of an opportunity which would have been afforded .

The foregoing justification of induction is quite unacceptable , as David Hume conclusively demonstrated as long ago as the mid-eighteenth century .
the [previously mentioned] justification of induction is quite unacceptable , as david hume conclusively demonstrated as long ago as the mid-eighteenth century .

Two points are strongly suggested by the foregoing sketch of observation via the sense of sight , points that are key ones for the inductivist .
two points are strongly suggested by the [previously mentioned] sketch of observation via the sense of sight , points that are key ones for the inductivist .

The foregoing claims about the priority of theory over observation run counter to an inductivist thesis that the meanings of many basic concepts are acquired through observation .
the [previously mentioned] claims about the priority of theory over observation run counter to an inductivist thesis that the meanings of many basic concepts are acquired through observation .

The foregoing examples illustrate an important sense in which theory precedes observation in science .
the [previously mentioned] examples illustrate an important sense in which theory precedes observation in science .

The foregoing remarks on Galileo and the telescope raise a serious epistemological problem .
the [previously mentioned] remarks on galileo and the telescope raise a serious epistemological problem .

Two ways in which the merit of a research programme is to be assessed have emerged from the foregoing outline .
two ways in which the merit of a research programme is to be assessed have emerged from the [previously mentioned] outline .

The Secretary of State may from time to time revise the whole or any part of a code of practice to which this section applies and issue that revised code ; and the foregoing provisions of this section shall apply ( with appropriate modifications ) to such a revised code as they apply to the first issue of a code .
the secretary of state may from time to time revise the whole or any part of a code of practice to which this section applies and issue that revised code ; and the [previously mentioned] provisions of this section shall apply ( with appropriate modifications ) to such a revised code as they apply to the first issue of a code .

In the foregoing pages the history of five medieval South Slav states has been briefly outlined .
in the [previously mentioned] pages the history of five medieval south slav states has been briefly outlined .

The foregoing Committee shall have full power to arrange for the nights and subjects , and also to fix the nights for Magic Lantern Entertainments .
the [previously mentioned] committee shall have full power to arrange for the nights and subjects , and also to fix the nights for magic lantern entertainments .

In the light of the foregoing material and pending the conclusion of the investigation that has been undertaken at the request of the Chief Executive , the board resolved that , in the interests of investors , Norwich Union should for the time being and with immediate effect be prohibited from : ( 1 ) accepting any new investment business from the Winchester Group or any company representative of the Winchester Group and in particular entering into any investment contract with any investor introduced by the Winchester Group or any such company representative ; and ( 2 ) soliciting investment business from members of the public through the Winchester Group or any of its company representatives .
in the light of the [previously mentioned] material and pending the conclusion of the investigation that has been undertaken at the request of the chief executive , the board resolved that , in the interests of investors , norwich union should for the time being and with immediate effect be prohibited from : ( 1 ) accepting any new investment business from the winchester group or any company representative of the winchester group and in particular entering into any investment contract with any investor introduced by the winchester group or any such company representative ; and ( 2 ) soliciting investment business from members of the public through the winchester group or any of its company representatives .

‘ ( c ) All costs charges and expenses howsoever incurred by the bank or any receiver under or in relation to this mortgage … on a full indemnity basis including ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs charges and expenses which the bank or any receiver may incur in enforcing this security …
‘ ( c ) all costs charges and expenses howsoever incurred by the bank or any receiver under or in relation to this mortgage … on a full indemnity basis including ( but without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] ) all costs charges and expenses which the bank or any receiver may incur in enforcing this security …

‘ All costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …
‘ all costs charges and expenses incurred hereunder by the bank or by the receiver in perfecting or otherwise in connection with this security or in respect of the property hereby charged including ( without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] ) all costs of all proceedings for the enforcement of the security hereby constituted or for obtaining payment of the moneys hereby secured or arising out of or in connection with the acts authorised by clause 7 hereof ( whether or not such costs charges and expenses and moneys or part thereof would be allowable on a party and party or solicitor and own client taxation by this court ) shall be recoverable from the companies as a debt … and shall be charged on the premises comprised herein …

( 3 ) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions , regard may be had to the previous conduct and activities in business or financial matters of the person in question and , in particular , to any evidence that he has — ( a ) committed an offence involving fraud or other dishonesty or violence ; ( b ) contravened any provision made by or under any enactment appearing to the Bank to be designed for protecting members of the public against financial loss due to dishonesty , incompetence or malpractice … ( c ) engaged in any business practices appearing to the Bank to be deceitful or oppressive or otherwise improper ( whether unlawful or not ) or which otherwise reflect discredit on his method of conducting business ; ( d ) engaged in or been associated with any other business practices or otherwise conducted himself in such a way as to cast doubt on his competence and soundness of judgement .
( 3 ) without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] provisions , regard may be had to the previous conduct and activities in business or financial matters of the person in question and , in particular , to any evidence that he has — ( a ) committed an offence involving fraud or other dishonesty or violence ; ( b ) contravened any provision made by or under any enactment appearing to the bank to be designed for protecting members of the public against financial loss due to dishonesty , incompetence or malpractice … ( c ) engaged in any business practices appearing to the bank to be deceitful or oppressive or otherwise improper ( whether unlawful or not ) or which otherwise reflect discredit on his method of conducting business ; ( d ) engaged in or been associated with any other business practices or otherwise conducted himself in such a way as to cast doubt on his competence and soundness of judgement .

‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the foregoing the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .
‘ as from the date when the tenant 's estate and interest in the lease shall be assigned to it pursuant to the licence hereinbefore contained and thenceforth during the residue of the term granted by the lease the assignee will pay the rent thereby reserved and observe and perform the covenants and conditions on the part of the lessee therein contained and in particular without prejudice to the [previously mentioned] the assignee will not assign or transfer underlet or part with possession of the premises demised by the lease without the consent in writing of the landlord for that purpose had and obtained .

Lastly , the Spanish Government argued that the possibility afforded by the Act of 1988 of exempting certain persons from the nationality condition to which reference was made in the last part of the national court 's question ( 2 ) in no way altered the foregoing considerations .
lastly , the spanish government argued that the possibility afforded by the act of 1988 of exempting certain persons from the nationality condition to which reference was made in the last part of the national court 's question ( 2 ) in no way altered the [previously mentioned] considerations .

In all the foregoing cases recovery was allowed , but a contrary trend then set in .
in all the [previously mentioned] cases recovery was allowed , but a contrary trend then set in .

The foregoing review of the native authorities satisfies me that they afford no support for Woolwich 's major proposition .
the [previously mentioned] review of the native authorities satisfies me that they afford no support for woolwich 's major proposition .

‘ 11(1) Any person aggrieved by — ( a ) a notice under the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act requiring the execution of works , ( b ) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works specified in any such notice , ( c ) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses , may , within 21 days of the service of the notice , demand or order , appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice , demand or order relates are situate , and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any notice , demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined . ’
‘ 11(1) any person aggrieved by — ( a ) a notice under the [previously mentioned] provisions of this part of this act requiring the execution of works , ( b ) a demand for the recovery of expenses incurred by a local authority in executing works specified in any such notice , ( c ) an order made by a local authority with respect to any such expenses , may , within 21 days of the service of the notice , demand or order , appeal to the county court within the jurisdiction of which the premises to which the notice , demand or order relates are situate , and no proceedings shall be taken by the local authority to enforce any notice , demand or order in relation to which an appeal is brought before the appeal has been finally determined . ’

It follows from the foregoing that Community law lays down a principle according to which a member state is obliged to make good the damage to individuals caused by a breach of Community law for which it is responsible .
it follows from the [previously mentioned] that community law lays down a principle according to which a member state is obliged to make good the damage to individuals caused by a breach of community law for which it is responsible .

( 4 ) Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing provisions of this section it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 4 ) notwithstanding anything in the [previously mentioned] provisions of this section it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

( 7 ) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this section , it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the licensing board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 7 ) notwithstanding the [previously mentioned] provisions of this section , it shall be competent for a licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of an application , if the licensing board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

( 6 ) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this subsection , it shall be competent for the licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of the application if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .
( 6 ) notwithstanding the [previously mentioned] provisions of this subsection , it shall be competent for the licensing board to entertain objections from the chief constable , lodged at any time before the hearing of the application if the board is satisfied that there is sufficient reason why due notice and intimation of the objection could not be given , and in such a case the chief constable shall , where practicable , cause his objections to be intimated to the applicant before the hearing .

As is clear from the foregoing description of validation procedures , there is now a well-established pattern of course provision in advanced further education , both at degree and sub-degree level .
as is clear from the [previously mentioned] description of validation procedures , there is now a well-established pattern of course provision in advanced further education , both at degree and sub-degree level .

As is clear from the foregoing account , perhaps the most complex and difficult task which faces many , if not most , directors of polytechnics is in establishing good and effective relationships with their local authorities .
as is clear from the [previously mentioned] account , perhaps the most complex and difficult task which faces many , if not most , directors of polytechnics is in establishing good and effective relationships with their local authorities .

Though some of the foregoing indicates diversity , the questions they raise are common to all teachers :
though some of the [previously mentioned] indicates diversity , the questions they raise are common to all teachers :

In the light of the foregoing , it is worth recalling the six tasks commended by the Audit Commission ( 1989a ) for post-ERA LEAs . These include :
in the light of the [previously mentioned] , it is worth recalling the six tasks commended by the audit commission ( 1989a ) for post-era leas . these include :

2.5 Whilst the foregoing factors have created the need for more language teachers — teachers , moreover , who have been trained to cope with new challenges — the supply has been falling , to the point where they have been labelled in one study ‘ an endangered species ’ .
2.5 whilst the [previously mentioned] factors have created the need for more language teachers — teachers , moreover , who have been trained to cope with new challenges — the supply has been falling , to the point where they have been labelled in one study ‘ an endangered species ’ .

The results of all the foregoing may be a fire or fires which on the arrival of the fire brigade have either developed as could be anticipated in the absence of an automatic extinguishing system or a situation where fire has gained a substantial hold and is being retarded in its growth by a sprinkler system reduced to some degree from its designed effectiveness .
the results of all the [previously mentioned] may be a fire or fires which on the arrival of the fire brigade have either developed as could be anticipated in the absence of an automatic extinguishing system or a situation where fire has gained a substantial hold and is being retarded in its growth by a sprinkler system reduced to some degree from its designed effectiveness .

If the foregoing is true , then prejudicing that section of industry which is most likely to reduce the unemployment numbers — the small family businesses — seems ill-advised indeed .
if the [previously mentioned] is true , then prejudicing that section of industry which is most likely to reduce the unemployment numbers — the small family businesses — seems ill-advised indeed .

The second begged question is whether the foregoing can apply when the articles provide for rights of pre-emption or first refusal when a shareholder wishes to dispose of his shares .
the second begged question is whether the [previously mentioned] can apply when the articles provide for rights of pre-emption or first refusal when a shareholder wishes to dispose of his shares .

The foregoing discussion in this chapter has been primarily directed to the acquisition and disposal of shares .
the [previously mentioned] discussion in this chapter has been primarily directed to the acquisition and disposal of shares .

If , in accordance with the foregoing , a company is eligible as a small or medium-sized company , the concessions to which it is entitled are :
if , in accordance with the [previously mentioned] , a company is eligible as a small or medium-sized company , the concessions to which it is entitled are :

( 3 ) If any constable reasonably suspects any person of committing an offence under the foregoing provisions of this section , he may if requested to do so by the chairman of the meeting require that person to declare to him immediately his name and address and , if that person refuses or fails to so declare his name and address or gives a false name and address he shall be guilty of an offence under this subsection .
( 3 ) if any constable reasonably suspects any person of committing an offence under the [previously mentioned] provisions of this section , he may if requested to do so by the chairman of the meeting require that person to declare to him immediately his name and address and , if that person refuses or fails to so declare his name and address or gives a false name and address he shall be guilty of an offence under this subsection .

From the foregoing , it will be apparent that the prospect of a breach of the peace licenses what would otherwise be unlawful conduct on the part of the policeman , and the question arises as to how carefully , and on what grounds , the courts will give guidance as to the use of the powers , and subject their use to review .
from the [previously mentioned] , it will be apparent that the prospect of a breach of the peace licenses what would otherwise be unlawful conduct on the part of the policeman , and the question arises as to how carefully , and on what grounds , the courts will give guidance as to the use of the powers , and subject their use to review .

Weeping trees are often associated with water , but from the foregoing one can appreciate that they are not generally suited to poolside planting .
weeping trees are often associated with water , but from the [previously mentioned] one can appreciate that they are not generally suited to poolside planting .

There are many more pests and diseases than described here , but the foregoing are the most likely to be encountered .
there are many more pests and diseases than described here , but the [previously mentioned] are the most likely to be encountered .

The foregoing review has been necessary to demonstrate what now seems almost unbelievable ; that physical geography for so long contrived to ignore the significance of human activity and thence the potential which associated studies afford .
the [previously mentioned] review has been necessary to demonstrate what now seems almost unbelievable ; that physical geography for so long contrived to ignore the significance of human activity and thence the potential which associated studies afford .

An alternative explanation has , however , been advanced by Robinson ( 1955 ) , who has noted some objections to the foregoing hypothesis .
an alternative explanation has , however , been advanced by robinson ( 1955 ) , who has noted some objections to the [previously mentioned] hypothesis .

Despite the foregoing criticisms , we recognise and welcome the change of direction signalled by the draft guidance .
despite the [previously mentioned] criticisms , we recognise and welcome the change of direction signalled by the draft guidance .

Despite the foregoing criticisms , we recognise and welcome the change of direction signalled by the draft guidance .
despite the [previously mentioned] criticisms , we recognise and welcome the change of direction signalled by the draft guidance .

It will be clear from the foregoing paragraphs that the maintenance of quality in all its aspects is central to the University 's aims in every area of activity .
it will be clear from the [previously mentioned] paragraphs that the maintenance of quality in all its aspects is central to the university 's aims in every area of activity .

The reference to " or " such other risks should be amended to " and in addition to the foregoing " in order to make it clear that the landlord is not given the choice which of the stated risks it may choose to insure against — perhaps an obvious point but one worth making . The latter part of the clause should therefore be amended as follows :
the reference to " or " such other risks should be amended to " and in addition to the [previously mentioned] " in order to make it clear that the landlord is not given the choice which of the stated risks it may choose to insure against — perhaps an obvious point but one worth making . the latter part of the clause should therefore be amended as follows :

and in addition to the foregoing such other risks as the Landlord from time to time in its reasonable discretion may think fit to insure against or against which the Tenant may reasonably request the Landlord to insure
and in addition to the [previously mentioned] such other risks as the landlord from time to time in its reasonable discretion may think fit to insure against or against which the tenant may reasonably request the landlord to insure

( 13 ) Please notify us before exchange of contracts if you become aware of any change of circumstances which make inaccurate your replies to the foregoing enquiries .
( 13 ) please notify us before exchange of contracts if you become aware of any change of circumstances which make inaccurate your replies to the [previously mentioned] enquiries .

With such conditions , Cummings continues , the observer would find pupils i ) completing their peers ' unfinished sentences ii ) encouraging others to contribute iii ) inviting others to contribute iv ) modifying another 's statement v ) offering evidence to support the foregoing .
with such conditions , cummings continues , the observer would find pupils i ) completing their peers ' unfinished sentences ii ) encouraging others to contribute iii ) inviting others to contribute iv ) modifying another 's statement v ) offering evidence to support the [previously mentioned] .

It is evident from the mathematical and physical examples described in the foregoing sections that systems exhibiting chaotic behaviour also exhibit ordered behaviour for different values of the governing parameters .
it is evident from the mathematical and physical examples described in the [previously mentioned] sections that systems exhibiting chaotic behaviour also exhibit ordered behaviour for different values of the governing parameters .

9.3 The Seller 's liability under this Condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the Purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to Condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the foregoing ) the Seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .
9.3 the seller 's liability under this condition shall be to the exclusion of all other liability to the purchaser whether contractual , tortious or otherwise for defects in the goods or for any loss or damage to or caused by the goods , and ( subject to condition 14 ) all other conditions , warranties , stipulations or other statements whatsoever concerning the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever , are hereby excluded ; in particular ( but without limitation of the [previously mentioned] ) the seller grants no warranties regarding the fitness for purpose , performance , use , nature or merchantable quality of the goods , whether express or implied , by statute , at common law or otherwise howsoever .

[ 10.6 The foregoing states the Seller 's entire liability to the Purchaser and the Purchaser 's sole and exclusive remedies against the Supplier in connection with claims based on or resulting from the infringement of intellectual property rights , of any kind whatsoever , of third parties . ]
[ 10.6 the [previously mentioned] states the seller 's entire liability to the purchaser and the purchaser 's sole and exclusive remedies against the supplier in connection with claims based on or resulting from the infringement of intellectual property rights , of any kind whatsoever , of third parties . ]

We shall be entitled to reject all goods and/or work which do not conform completely in every respect with the terms of this order and in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) Conditions 3.1 and 3.5 .
we shall be entitled to reject all goods and/or work which do not conform completely in every respect with the terms of this order and in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] ) conditions 3.1 and 3.5 .

In particular , without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , all goods capable of use as , or in any way likely to be used in the preparing or packing of , food , toiletries , perfume , cosmetics , pharmaceutical products or any other goods for human consumption or for use upon the human body shall contain nothing rendering them unsuitable for their purpose and shall comply with all relevant requirements relating to their sale and composition and to the use of preservative or colouring matter therein .
in particular , without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] , all goods capable of use as , or in any way likely to be used in the preparing or packing of , food , toiletries , perfume , cosmetics , pharmaceutical products or any other goods for human consumption or for use upon the human body shall contain nothing rendering them unsuitable for their purpose and shall comply with all relevant requirements relating to their sale and composition and to the use of preservative or colouring matter therein .

Such passing of property and risk shall be without prejudice to any right of rejection arising under these Conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) under Conditions 3.1 !
such passing of property and risk shall be without prejudice to any right of rejection arising under these conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] ) under conditions 3.1 !

6.1 You warrant that neither the sale nor the use of the goods nor the performance of the work will infringe any British or foreign patent , trademark , registered design , or other industrial or intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the foregoing .
6.1 you warrant that neither the sale nor the use of the goods nor the performance of the work will infringe any british or foreign patent , trademark , registered design , or other industrial or intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the [previously mentioned] .

6.3 No goods covered by orders shall be manufactured sold or disposed by you in violation of any right whatsoever of third parties , and in particular , but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing , of any patent right , trademark or similar right , or of any charge , mortgage or lien , provided that you shall be under no liability under this Condition in respect of a violation as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .
6.3 no goods covered by orders shall be manufactured sold or disposed by you in violation of any right whatsoever of third parties , and in particular , but without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] , of any patent right , trademark or similar right , or of any charge , mortgage or lien , provided that you shall be under no liability under this condition in respect of a violation as aforesaid occasioned by use of a design or specification supplied to you by us .

You shall not use any of the foregoing except in connection with our orders , and you shall maintain the same in good condition and return them to us at any time on demand or otherwise automatically on completion of this order .
you shall not use any of the [previously mentioned] except in connection with our orders , and you shall maintain the same in good condition and return them to us at any time on demand or otherwise automatically on completion of this order .

10.2 Subject to Condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the foregoing conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing ) with Conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .
10.2 subject to condition 10.1 , we reserve the right to cancel the whole or any part of this order or any consignment on account thereof , if the same is not completed in all respects in accordance with the instructions and specifications stated in the order and with the [previously mentioned] conditions , in particular ( but without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] ) with conditions 2.1 , 3.1 and 3.5 , compliance with which by you is of the essence .

4.6 The Company undertakes , notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Clause , to purchase in each year of the currency of this Agreement not less than the minimum amount of the Products ( by value ) set out for that year in Schedule 4 hereto .
4.6 the company undertakes , notwithstanding the [previously mentioned] provisions of this clause , to purchase in each year of the currency of this agreement not less than the minimum amount of the products ( by value ) set out for that year in schedule 4 hereto .

Any and all patents , registered designs , unregistered designs , copyright , or other intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the foregoing in or resulting from any work carried out by the Supplier under or in pursuance of this Agreement shall belong exclusively , throughout the world , to the Supplier .
any and all patents , registered designs , unregistered designs , copyright , or other intellectual property rights whether or not similar to any of the [previously mentioned] in or resulting from any work carried out by the supplier under or in pursuance of this agreement shall belong exclusively , throughout the world , to the supplier .

( 2 ) Provided that where by the partnership contract an option is given to surviving or continuing partners to purchase the interest of a deceased or outgoing partner , and that option is duly exercised , the estate of the deceased partner , or the outgoing partner or his estate , as the case may be , is not entitled to any further or other share of profits ; but if any partner assuming to act in exercise of the option does not in all material respects comply with the terms thereof , he is liable to account under the foregoing provisions of this section .
( 2 ) provided that where by the partnership contract an option is given to surviving or continuing partners to purchase the interest of a deceased or outgoing partner , and that option is duly exercised , the estate of the deceased partner , or the outgoing partner or his estate , as the case may be , is not entitled to any further or other share of profits ; but if any partner assuming to act in exercise of the option does not in all material respects comply with the terms thereof , he is liable to account under the [previously mentioned] provisions of this section .

They clearly interact with one another , as has been obvious from the foregoing .
they clearly interact with one another , as has been obvious from the [previously mentioned] .

From the foregoing sketch one can recognize not only the features of the political culture outlined in the preceding chapter but also the convergence of those features and their interplay with the experience of history .
from the [previously mentioned] sketch one can recognize not only the features of the political culture outlined in the preceding chapter but also the convergence of those features and their interplay with the experience of history .

As may be surmised from the foregoing , there is no single body endowed with the responsibility for interpreting the provisions of the Constitution .
as may be surmised from the [previously mentioned] , there is no single body endowed with the responsibility for interpreting the provisions of the constitution .

( For a general study of the foregoing , a see also Chapter 1 . )
( for a general study of the [previously mentioned] , a see also chapter 1 . )

( For a general study of the foregoing see also Chapter 1 . )
( for a general study of the [previously mentioned] see also chapter 1 . )

( For a , general study of the foregoing see also Chapter 1 . )
( for a , general study of the [previously mentioned] see also chapter 1 . )

The main point of interest about the book from which the foregoing recipe is extracted is the French translation which appeared in Paris in 1810 .
the main point of interest about the book from which the [previously mentioned] recipe is extracted is the french translation which appeared in paris in 1810 .

The foregoing samples show that the representation of dialogue in written narrative can give rise to linguistic complexities of numerous kinds .
the [previously mentioned] samples show that the representation of dialogue in written narrative can give rise to linguistic complexities of numerous kinds .

The foregoing paragraphs dispose , it is hoped , of some mistaken ideas as to the state and progress of sexuality in adulthood .
the [previously mentioned] paragraphs dispose , it is hoped , of some mistaken ideas as to the state and progress of sexuality in adulthood .

The foregoing chapters will , it is hoped , form a sufficient background and we may now begin to look at their implications for the social worker and for the social work profession .
the [previously mentioned] chapters will , it is hoped , form a sufficient background and we may now begin to look at their implications for the social worker and for the social work profession .

On the foregoing conditions the Goldsmiths ' Company will grant to the Corporation a lease of the School Buildings and Land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of Sir Edmond Shaa ; but the Lease and the Endowment Grant shall contain clauses giving the Goldsmiths ' Company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``
on the [previously mentioned] conditions the goldsmiths ' company will grant to the corporation a lease of the school buildings and land connected therewith free of rent for 999 years , and will give them a perpetual endowment of £290 per annum in addition to the sum of £10 which they are bound to pay under the will of sir edmond shaa ; but the lease and the endowment grant shall contain clauses giving the goldsmiths ' company the right of re-entry in the one case and making the annuity to cease in the other on breach of any or either of the conditions above named . ``

Not all our units and sequences will be as long or as detailed as the foregoing examples .
not all our units and sequences will be as long or as detailed as the [previously mentioned] examples .

Far from being a lunatic fantasy , the foregoing rigmarole is simply a true account of the process by which , without the additional aggravation of those senatorial rules , one member of the Dail was elected .
far from being a lunatic fantasy , the [previously mentioned] rigmarole is simply a true account of the process by which , without the additional aggravation of those senatorial rules , one member of the dail was elected .

As a consequence of the foregoing and in order to establish the basis of their mutual understanding they execute this document in the following terms :
as a consequence of the [previously mentioned] and in order to establish the basis of their mutual understanding they execute this document in the following terms :

The foregoing survey does not claim to be complete ; in fact only a small sample from the wide range of contributions has been considered .
the [previously mentioned] survey does not claim to be complete ; in fact only a small sample from the wide range of contributions has been considered .

All the foregoing holds true if the state does not own the business in question but simply takes responsibility for its social return .
all the [previously mentioned] holds true if the state does not own the business in question but simply takes responsibility for its social return .

While many Le Mans results have been included in the foregoing pages , the race holds such a special place in motor racing history that it deserves inclusion in its own right .
while many le mans results have been included in the [previously mentioned] pages , the race holds such a special place in motor racing history that it deserves inclusion in its own right .

One interpretation of the foregoing could be that the red jackets which should have been issued in 1820 were not to be issued for another three years , and the soldiers dressed in white clothing ( and shell jackets ) as much as possible .
one interpretation of the [previously mentioned] could be that the red jackets which should have been issued in 1820 were not to be issued for another three years , and the soldiers dressed in white clothing ( and shell jackets ) as much as possible .

What most of the foregoing amounts to is that in the organization that switches its people on , the individual is king .
what most of the [previously mentioned] amounts to is that in the organization that switches its people on , the individual is king .

The foregoing examples yield evidence of the value of having the model of the parallelism of greater precision in mind when approaching the exegesis of an individual text .
the [previously mentioned] examples yield evidence of the value of having the model of the parallelism of greater precision in mind when approaching the exegesis of an individual text .

Implicit in the foregoing discussion about the relations between majorities and minorities was a major question which must now be explicitly asked : how far does democracy require a foundation of shared values among all its citizens ?
implicit in the [previously mentioned] discussion about the relations between majorities and minorities was a major question which must now be explicitly asked : how far does democracy require a foundation of shared values among all its citizens ?

In addition to the foregoing there are other sclerites of less general occurrence such as the following .
in addition to the [previously mentioned] there are other sclerites of less general occurrence such as the following .

In addition to the foregoing , there are present in many insects small epipleural sclerites which are located below the insertions of the Wings ( Fig .
in addition to the [previously mentioned] , there are present in many insects small epipleural sclerites which are located below the insertions of the wings ( fig .

That in view of the foregoing considerations we ask you to ask the Masters `` Association to delay any decision hurtful to the interests of women compositors until the women 's case has been given full consideration .
that in view of the [previously mentioned] considerations we ask you to ask the masters `` association to delay any decision hurtful to the interests of women compositors until the women 's case has been given full consideration .

It is clear from the foregoing summary that the project has been successful in achieving in some measure most of the objectives it set itself .
it is clear from the [previously mentioned] summary that the project has been successful in achieving in some measure most of the objectives it set itself .

From the foregoing discussion it is obvious that , as things currently stand , any person attempting to recover damages from an insider will , under s.62 as amended , face enormous difficulties in proving not only that a breach of the relevant insider dealing rule has actually occurred , but also that he has suffered a loss as a result of it .
from the [previously mentioned] discussion it is obvious that , as things currently stand , any person attempting to recover damages from an insider will , under s.62 as amended , face enormous difficulties in proving not only that a breach of the relevant insider dealing rule has actually occurred , but also that he has suffered a loss as a result of it .

Yet , on the other hand , and in tension with the foregoing , Hegel argues that , although the male does not ‘ own ’ wife or children , he is in control of family property .
yet , on the other hand , and in tension with the [previously mentioned] , hegel argues that , although the male does not ‘ own ’ wife or children , he is in control of family property .

The foregoing is a general guide and each claim must be considered on its merits .
the [previously mentioned] is a general guide and each claim must be considered on its merits .

However , the relevance of the foregoing theory of hominid evolution does not apply only to secondary sexual characteristics and to the structure of the id .
however , the relevance of the [previously mentioned] theory of hominid evolution does not apply only to secondary sexual characteristics and to the structure of the id .

To see why this is so let us consider the situation in the light of the foregoing argument .
to see why this is so let us consider the situation in the light of the [previously mentioned] argument .

Failure to comply with any of the foregoing requirements will result in your appeal being put to a Roll of the Court of Criminal Appeal when it may be dismissed .
failure to comply with any of the [previously mentioned] requirements will result in your appeal being put to a roll of the court of criminal appeal when it may be dismissed .

Please confirm that the foregoing is in accordance with your understanding by signing and returning to us the enclosed copy of this letter .
please confirm that the [previously mentioned] is in accordance with your understanding by signing and returning to us the enclosed copy of this letter .

The foregoing techniques for measuring mechanical properties are transient or non periodic methods and typically cover time intervals of up to 10 6 s .
the [previously mentioned] techniques for measuring mechanical properties are transient or non periodic methods and typically cover time intervals of up to 10 6 s .

The easiest means of illustrating some of the foregoing points is to introduce in outline some special classification schemes .
the easiest means of illustrating some of the [previously mentioned] points is to introduce in outline some special classification schemes .

The foregoing discussion suggests that political parties can be regarded in two different ways .
the [previously mentioned] discussion suggests that political parties can be regarded in two different ways .

For political sociology , on the other hand , the principal question is the relation between a form of society and a type of political system ; and from this point of view the foregoing distinctions may have little significance .
for political sociology , on the other hand , the principal question is the relation between a form of society and a type of political system ; and from this point of view the [previously mentioned] distinctions may have little significance .

The foregoing distinction is critical to the employee 's prospects of gaining an award .
the [previously mentioned] distinction is critical to the employee 's prospects of gaining an award .

The foregoing discussion has tried to make and illustrate the point that research methods can not stand in isolation from the theoretical and conceptual issues which constitute the social sciences .
the [previously mentioned] discussion has tried to make and illustrate the point that research methods can not stand in isolation from the theoretical and conceptual issues which constitute the social sciences .

( vi ) Do you need any further information touching any of the foregoing ?
( vi ) do you need any further information touching any of the [previously mentioned] ?

" 2 . Authorises member states co-operating with the government of Kuwait , unless Iraq on or before Jan. 15 , 1990 , fully implements , as set forth in paragraph 1 above , the foregoing resolutions , to use all necessary means to uphold and implement Security Council Resolution 660 and all subsequent relevant resolutions and to restore international peace and security in the area ;
" 2 . authorises member states co-operating with the government of kuwait , unless iraq on or before jan. 15 , 1990 , fully implements , as set forth in paragraph 1 above , the [previously mentioned] resolutions , to use all necessary means to uphold and implement security council resolution 660 and all subsequent relevant resolutions and to restore international peace and security in the area ;

54 ( 2 ) Nothing in the foregoing provisions of this Part of this Act shall affect the creation by parol of leases taking effect in possession for a term not exceeding three years ( whether or not the lessee is given power to extend the term ) at the best rent which can be reasonably obtained without taking a fine .
54 ( 2 ) nothing in the [previously mentioned] provisions of this part of this act shall affect the creation by parol of leases taking effect in possession for a term not exceeding three years ( whether or not the lessee is given power to extend the term ) at the best rent which can be reasonably obtained without taking a fine .

Formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous , but it seems to me that , without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide , the following provides a satisfactory working test for whether , in any given case , a covenant touches and concerns the land : ( 1 ) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being , and if separated from the reversion ceases to be of benefit to the covenantee ; ( 2 ) the covenant affects the nature , quality , mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner ; ( 3 ) the covenant is not expressed to be personal ( that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant ) ; ( 4 ) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three foregoing conditions are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on , or to in relation to the land .
formulations of definitive tests are always dangerous , but it seems to me that , without claiming to expound an exhaustive guide , the following provides a satisfactory working test for whether , in any given case , a covenant touches and concerns the land : ( 1 ) the covenant benefits only the reversioner for the time being , and if separated from the reversion ceases to be of benefit to the covenantee ; ( 2 ) the covenant affects the nature , quality , mode of user or value of the land of the reversioner ; ( 3 ) the covenant is not expressed to be personal ( that is to say neither being given only to a specific reversioner nor in respect of the obligations only of a specific tenant ) ; ( 4 ) the fact that a covenant is to pay a sum of money will not prevent it from touching and concerning the land so long as the three [previously mentioned] conditions are satisfied and the covenant is connected with something to be done on , or to in relation to the land .

( 2 ) Where a lessor is proceeding , by action or otherwise , to enforce such a right of re-entry or forfeiture , the lessee may , in the lessor 's action , if any , or in any action brought by himself , apply to the court for relief , and the court may grant or refuse relief , as the court , having regard to the proceedings and conduct of the parties under the foregoing provisions of this section , and to all the other circumstances , thinks fit ; and in case of relief may grant it on such terms , if any , as to costs , expenses , damages , compensation , penalty , or otherwise , including the granting of an injunction to restrain any like breach in the future , as the court , in the circumstances of each case , thinks fit .
( 2 ) where a lessor is proceeding , by action or otherwise , to enforce such a right of re-entry or forfeiture , the lessee may , in the lessor 's action , if any , or in any action brought by himself , apply to the court for relief , and the court may grant or refuse relief , as the court , having regard to the proceedings and conduct of the parties under the [previously mentioned] provisions of this section , and to all the other circumstances , thinks fit ; and in case of relief may grant it on such terms , if any , as to costs , expenses , damages , compensation , penalty , or otherwise , including the granting of an injunction to restrain any like breach in the future , as the court , in the circumstances of each case , thinks fit .

The foregoing both explains why Wulfstan 's legal texts have such a homiletic tone , and raises considerable doubts whether they were really the means by which Æthelred 's government implemented its decisions .
the [previously mentioned] both explains why wulfstan 's legal texts have such a homiletic tone , and raises considerable doubts whether they were really the means by which æthelred 's government implemented its decisions .

Now there are many qualifications and points of fine detail surrounding the interpretation and use of these concepts of surplus , and these we have omitted from the foregoing argument .
now there are many qualifications and points of fine detail surrounding the interpretation and use of these concepts of surplus , and these we have omitted from the [previously mentioned] argument .

The foregoing analysis neglects the effects of firms ' other competitive variables such as product quality , product range and product differentiation .
the [previously mentioned] analysis neglects the effects of firms ' other competitive variables such as product quality , product range and product differentiation .

( g ) To lend and advance money or give credit on any terms with or without security to any person , firm or company ( including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing any holding company , subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of , or any other company associated in any way with , the Company ) , to enter into guarantees , contracts of indemnity and suretyships of all kinds , to receive money on deposit or loan upon any terms , and to secure or guarantee in any manner and upon any terms the payment of any sum of money or the performance of any obligation by any person , firm or company ( including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing any such holding company , subsidiary , fellow subsidiary or associated company as aforesaid ) .
( g ) to lend and advance money or give credit on any terms with or without security to any person , firm or company ( including without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] any holding company , subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of , or any other company associated in any way with , the company ) , to enter into guarantees , contracts of indemnity and suretyships of all kinds , to receive money on deposit or loan upon any terms , and to secure or guarantee in any manner and upon any terms the payment of any sum of money or the performance of any obligation by any person , firm or company ( including without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] any such holding company , subsidiary , fellow subsidiary or associated company as aforesaid ) .

To such extent as the Directors may from time to time determine in relation to any committees of the Directors , the foregoing sentence shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which his appointor is a member .
to such extent as the directors may from time to time determine in relation to any committees of the directors , the [previously mentioned] sentence shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which his appointor is a member .

( g ) To lend and advance money or give credit on any terms with or without security to any person , firm or company ( including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing any holding company , subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of , or any other company associated in any way with , the Company ) , to enter into guarantees , contracts of indemnity and suretyships of all kinds , to receive money on deposit or loan upon any terms , and to secure or guarantee in any manner and upon any terms the payment of any sum of money or the performance of any obligation by any person , firm or company ( including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing any such holding company , subsidiary , fellow subsidiary or associated company as aforesaid ) .
( g ) to lend and advance money or give credit on any terms with or without security to any person , firm or company ( including without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] any holding company , subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of , or any other company associated in any way with , the company ) , to enter into guarantees , contracts of indemnity and suretyships of all kinds , to receive money on deposit or loan upon any terms , and to secure or guarantee in any manner and upon any terms the payment of any sum of money or the performance of any obligation by any person , firm or company ( including without prejudice to the generality of the [previously mentioned] any such holding company , subsidiary , fellow subsidiary or associated company as aforesaid ) .

To such extent as the Directors may from time to time determine in relation to any committees of the Directors , the foregoing sentence shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which his appointor is a member .
to such extent as the directors may from time to time determine in relation to any committees of the directors , the [previously mentioned] sentence shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which his appointor is a member .

Section 1 ( 2 ) of the Act states that the following are not inventions for the purposes of the Act : ( a ) a discovery , scientific theory or mathematical method ; ( b ) a literary , dramatic , musical or artistic work or any other aesthetic creation whatsoever ; ( c ) a scheme , rule or method for performing any mental act , playing a game or doing business , or a program for a computer ; ( d ) the presentation of information ; but the foregoing provision shall prevent anything from being treated as an invention for the purposes of this Act only to the extent that a patent or application for a patent relates to that thing as such ( emphasis added )
section 1 ( 2 ) of the act states that the following are not inventions for the purposes of the act : ( a ) a discovery , scientific theory or mathematical method ; ( b ) a literary , dramatic , musical or artistic work or any other aesthetic creation whatsoever ; ( c ) a scheme , rule or method for performing any mental act , playing a game or doing business , or a program for a computer ; ( d ) the presentation of information ; but the [previously mentioned] provision shall prevent anything from being treated as an invention for the purposes of this act only to the extent that a patent or application for a patent relates to that thing as such ( emphasis added )

In the foregoing , it has been shown that patterns of nuptiality and of reproduction influence levels and conditions of infant and early childhood and maternal mortality and morbidity .
in the [previously mentioned] , it has been shown that patterns of nuptiality and of reproduction influence levels and conditions of infant and early childhood and maternal mortality and morbidity .

In most of the foregoing discussion we have assumed that the deformations which we have related to stresses have been carried out at constant temperature .
in most of the [previously mentioned] discussion we have assumed that the deformations which we have related to stresses have been carried out at constant temperature .

In all the foregoing discussion of viscoelasticity temperature has not been a variable yet one of the most spectacular properties of polymers is their sensitivity to temperature .
in all the [previously mentioned] discussion of viscoelasticity temperature has not been a variable yet one of the most spectacular properties of polymers is their sensitivity to temperature .

We have therefore shown in the foregoing argument that the Voigt and Reuss estimates are upper and lower bounds respectively on the overall moduli of the composite , whatever its internal geometry may be .
we have therefore shown in the [previously mentioned] argument that the voigt and reuss estimates are upper and lower bounds respectively on the overall moduli of the composite , whatever its internal geometry may be .

The starting point dictated by the foregoing assumptions is that all investors envisage the same opportunity set , efficient frontier , capital market line and market portfolio ( the Tobin position described in Chapter 4 ) .
the starting point dictated by the [previously mentioned] assumptions is that all investors envisage the same opportunity set , efficient frontier , capital market line and market portfolio ( the tobin position described in chapter 4 ) .

The assumptions made earlier in this chapter may be used to derive what has become known as the ‘ separation theorem ’ which underpins the foregoing conclusion .
the assumptions made earlier in this chapter may be used to derive what has become known as the ‘ separation theorem ’ which underpins the [previously mentioned] conclusion .

The foregoing conclusions regarding the inability of the professional participant in the stock market to consistently produce excess returns is at variance with some of the work on the performance of brokers ' advisory services .
the [previously mentioned] conclusions regarding the inability of the professional participant in the stock market to consistently produce excess returns is at variance with some of the work on the performance of brokers ' advisory services .

From the foregoing discussion it follows that high dividend payouts are likely to have a larger negative effect than low dividend payouts on option premiums .
from the [previously mentioned] discussion it follows that high dividend payouts are likely to have a larger negative effect than low dividend payouts on option premiums .

The foregoing strongly suggests that dividend policy and practice contains important information for the shareholder .
the [previously mentioned] strongly suggests that dividend policy and practice contains important information for the shareholder .

The foregoing has concentrated on increases ( decreases ) in dividends and makes no comment on the actual payout ratio itself .
the [previously mentioned] has concentrated on increases ( decreases ) in dividends and makes no comment on the actual payout ratio itself .

All the principal details of the scheme are laid down in the foregoing or in the drawings .
all the principal details of the scheme are laid down in the [previously mentioned] or in the drawings .

In order to give you even more help , we are foregoing the annual renewal commission with certain life insurers .
in order to give you even more help , we are [previously mentioned] the annual renewal commission with certain life insurers .

As photographs of the original building show clearly ( Plates 1–3 ) , before conversion , this stone-built barn displayed many of the conventional features described in the foregoing account .
as photographs of the original building show clearly ( plates 1–3 ) , before conversion , this stone-built barn displayed many of the conventional features described in the [previously mentioned] account .

The story of the conversion of Thames Tunnel Mills at Rotherhithe on the south bank of the River Thames in central London provided a clear contrast to the foregoing accounts of the renovation of traditional water-powered , corn-grinding mills in Surrey and Sussex .
the story of the conversion of thames tunnel mills at rotherhithe on the south bank of the river thames in central london provided a clear contrast to the [previously mentioned] accounts of the renovation of traditional water-powered , corn-grinding mills in surrey and sussex .

Let us concentrate rather on the last sentence of the paragraph quoted and work our way back through the foregoing non sequiturs .
let us concentrate rather on the last sentence of the paragraph quoted and work our way back through the [previously mentioned] non sequiturs .

At the end of the book , though , Zuckerman confronts Roth with the opinion that the latter has made a mistake in trying to tame or to shed his imagination in the foregoing text , that fiction is superior to fact , and that the factuality of The Facts is specious .
at the end of the book , though , zuckerman confronts roth with the opinion that the latter has made a mistake in trying to tame or to shed his imagination in the [previously mentioned] text , that fiction is superior to fact , and that the factuality of the facts is specious .

The foregoing is a description of the ideal Rottweiler .
the [previously mentioned] is a description of the ideal rottweiler .

The second reason why the homosexual is involved with difference is because , contrary to what the foregoing theory implies , she or he has , in historical actuality , embraced both cultural and racial difference .
the second reason why the homosexual is involved with difference is because , contrary to what the [previously mentioned] theory implies , she or he has , in historical actuality , embraced both cultural and racial difference .

Perhaps the manifest intrinsic contusions which surface in each of the foregoing theories are enough to write them oft , and to show how the same/different metaphysic is nothing more than a potently confused , highly discriminating mixed metaphor .
perhaps the manifest intrinsic contusions which surface in each of the [previously mentioned] theories are enough to write them oft , and to show how the same/different metaphysic is nothing more than a potently confused , highly discriminating mixed metaphor .

So , whilst in the foregoing passage repressed homosexuality is construed as a cause of a violent and neurotic racism , elsewhere Fanon regards manifest homosexuality as an effect of the same neurotic racism , though now in a masochistic rather than a sadistic form , and especially the masochistic relation of the white man to the black man : ‘ There are , for instance , men who go to ‘ houses ' ’ in order to be beaten by negroes ; passive homosexuals who insist on black partners ' ( pp .
so , whilst in the [previously mentioned] passage repressed homosexuality is construed as a cause of a violent and neurotic racism , elsewhere fanon regards manifest homosexuality as an effect of the same neurotic racism , though now in a masochistic rather than a sadistic form , and especially the masochistic relation of the white man to the black man : ‘ there are , for instance , men who go to ‘ houses ' ’ in order to be beaten by negroes ; passive homosexuals who insist on black partners ' ( pp .

All the foregoing texts and histories suggest why theoretical or pseudopolitical gestures towards difference are inadequate .
all the [previously mentioned] texts and histories suggest why theoretical or pseudopolitical gestures towards difference are inadequate .

For example , much of the foregoing discussion was making the point that soil erosion was important to many small producers in steep-sloped and/or semi-arid areas and it may have seemed that these people were the only ones to cause and suffer from the effects of soil erosion ; also that there were few or no cases where successful adaptations and advances in agricultural technology had occurred .
for example , much of the [previously mentioned] discussion was making the point that soil erosion was important to many small producers in steep-sloped and/or semi-arid areas and it may have seemed that these people were the only ones to cause and suffer from the effects of soil erosion ; also that there were few or no cases where successful adaptations and advances in agricultural technology had occurred .

As the foregoing critique of current soil conservation programmes shows , there is a broad range of relevant issues about the nature of development itself .
as the [previously mentioned] critique of current soil conservation programmes shows , there is a broad range of relevant issues about the nature of development itself .

All of the foregoing assumes perfectly matching cores and windings and in practice is not easily achieved without individual and fiddling adjustment .
all of the [previously mentioned] assumes perfectly matching cores and windings and in practice is not easily achieved without individual and fiddling adjustment .

In this chapter , while occasionally branching out to consider wider issues , the implications of the foregoing for the authority of states will be examined .
in this chapter , while occasionally branching out to consider wider issues , the implications of the [previously mentioned] for the authority of states will be examined .

The foregoing remarks apply directly to some of the inflationary accounts of voluntary obligations and of consent , and have to be adapted to meet the challenge presented by others .
the [previously mentioned] remarks apply directly to some of the inflationary accounts of voluntary obligations and of consent , and have to be adapted to meet the challenge presented by others .

Theoretically the main conclusion of the foregoing discussion is in the emphasis on the separateness of the issues of ( 1 ) the authority of the state ; ( 2 ) the scope of its justified power ; ( 3 ) the obligation to support just institutions ; ( 4 ) the obligation to obey the law .
theoretically the main conclusion of the [previously mentioned] discussion is in the emphasis on the separateness of the issues of ( 1 ) the authority of the state ; ( 2 ) the scope of its justified power ; ( 3 ) the obligation to support just institutions ; ( 4 ) the obligation to obey the law .

In the foregoing paragraph the pronoun ‘ he ’ was used , but of course with intent to include , mutatis mutandis , the female .
in the [previously mentioned] paragraph the pronoun ‘ he ’ was used , but of course with intent to include , mutatis mutandis , the female .

In the light of the foregoing , an invitation to spell out the legal rules governing the treatment of the terminally ill must be regarded with some trepidation .
in the light of the [previously mentioned] , an invitation to spell out the legal rules governing the treatment of the terminally ill must be regarded with some trepidation .

All of the foregoing principles apply to any relationship , but we are not talking about just any relationship .
all of the [previously mentioned] principles apply to any relationship , but we are not talking about just any relationship .

For that matter the whole process of reaching an annual bookfund figure is usually somewhat arbitrary , and the foregoing comments may be taken more as background than as an analysis of the way chief librarians go about reaching a total .
for that matter the whole process of reaching an annual bookfund figure is usually somewhat arbitrary , and the [previously mentioned] comments may be taken more as background than as an analysis of the way chief librarians go about reaching a total .

The foregoing is summarised in Figure 6.1 .
the [previously mentioned] is summarised in figure 6.1 .

The chapter on ‘ The Created God ’ puts the foregoing into a logical religious context .
the chapter on ‘ the created god ’ puts the [previously mentioned] into a logical religious context .

The foregoing illustrates but one way in which the instilling of a belief in the existence of a ‘ god ’ with powers to provide for all human wants without effort on the part of the beneficiary to contribute , can do harm instead of good .
the [previously mentioned] illustrates but one way in which the instilling of a belief in the existence of a ‘ god ’ with powers to provide for all human wants without effort on the part of the beneficiary to contribute , can do harm instead of good .

Nearly all the foregoing are in some measure examples of transgressions against the laws of the country , and subject to punishment , but are rife mainly because the forces of law and order are stretched beyond capacity , and do not get the help they should from that all-important first line of defence against evil , the constraints of the individual conscience .
nearly all the [previously mentioned] are in some measure examples of transgressions against the laws of the country , and subject to punishment , but are rife mainly because the forces of law and order are stretched beyond capacity , and do not get the help they should from that all-important first line of defence against evil , the constraints of the individual conscience .

The reader is reminded that the foregoing hypothesis concerns only the origin of the Created God .
the reader is reminded that the [previously mentioned] hypothesis concerns only the origin of the created god .

The foregoing chapters bring the story to that crucial time in the long history of earthly life when emerging man would find himself unwilling to accept that he must for ever be on his guard against the uncontrolled violence that ruled the evolutionary scene .
the [previously mentioned] chapters bring the story to that crucial time in the long history of earthly life when emerging man would find himself unwilling to accept that he must for ever be on his guard against the uncontrolled violence that ruled the evolutionary scene .

As already implied , the content of the foregoing speculations on the source and scale of man 's capability for life enjoyment and all that it could mean is , of course , hypothetical , and in any case the development was spread over millions of years , but it does however provide a basis for thought which does not require the invocation of the supernatural .
as already implied , the content of the [previously mentioned] speculations on the source and scale of man 's capability for life enjoyment and all that it could mean is , of course , hypothetical , and in any case the development was spread over millions of years , but it does however provide a basis for thought which does not require the invocation of the supernatural .

There is a parallel to the foregoing to be seen in child behaviour .
there is a parallel to the [previously mentioned] to be seen in child behaviour .

The foregoing hypotheses are capable of almost limitless expansion .
the [previously mentioned] hypotheses are capable of almost limitless expansion .

The foregoing would , of course , mean that property rights were not for the dispensation of some imagined ‘ god ’ of early superstitious religion , but existed by virtue of the fact that human beings have , in the course of time , generally agreed that such a right was ‘ good ’ , for the reason that without it there could be no peaceful existence and no contentment .
the [previously mentioned] would , of course , mean that property rights were not for the dispensation of some imagined ‘ god ’ of early superstitious religion , but existed by virtue of the fact that human beings have , in the course of time , generally agreed that such a right was ‘ good ’ , for the reason that without it there could be no peaceful existence and no contentment .

The implication of the foregoing is that the right to own property , a contentious subject even in this late twentieth century , could , subject to agreed rules and conditions , be raised to an important place in human affairs and be established as a Godly institution .
the implication of the [previously mentioned] is that the right to own property , a contentious subject even in this late twentieth century , could , subject to agreed rules and conditions , be raised to an important place in human affairs and be established as a godly institution .

The foregoing example illustrates the manner in which a human decision accepted as good , can be designated a unit of ‘ goodness ’ and be assigned to the store which is the Created God .
the [previously mentioned] example illustrates the manner in which a human decision accepted as good , can be designated a unit of ‘ goodness ’ and be assigned to the store which is the created god .

The foregoing reminds the reader of the salient ideas so far written to introduce the idea of the Created God .
the [previously mentioned] reminds the reader of the salient ideas so far written to introduce the idea of the created god .

If and when the time comes for the Created God to become a reality , the substance of the foregoing paragraph could be removed from the area of speculation and be accepted as truth .
if and when the time comes for the created god to become a reality , the substance of the [previously mentioned] paragraph could be removed from the area of speculation and be accepted as truth .

This conflict , it would seem , has come about because , broadly speaking , the human race has divided in its response to the vital choice that has been introduced in the foregoing paragraphs , and which can best be summarised as being between the following two major propositions .
this conflict , it would seem , has come about because , broadly speaking , the human race has divided in its response to the vital choice that has been introduced in the [previously mentioned] paragraphs , and which can best be summarised as being between the following two major propositions .

The foregoing is fully applicable to the motivation of all those individuals who influenced the events which were creating the religious climate and who , unbeknown to themselves were contributing to the Created God .
the [previously mentioned] is fully applicable to the motivation of all those individuals who influenced the events which were creating the religious climate and who , unbeknown to themselves were contributing to the created god .

The foregoing chapter has described the manner in which the Created God can be given a place in the minds of human beings as a feasible entity capable of a spiritual kind of existence .
the [previously mentioned] chapter has described the manner in which the created god can be given a place in the minds of human beings as a feasible entity capable of a spiritual kind of existence .

In respect of the foregoing it must be understood that the interpretation put upon the word ‘ selfishness ’ in this book is one which does not necessarily brand it as a vice .
in respect of the [previously mentioned] it must be understood that the interpretation put upon the word ‘ selfishness ’ in this book is one which does not necessarily brand it as a vice .

If the foregoing representation of Jesus Christ can be accepted , it would be the end of the mysticism surrounding him , and a much more acceptable understanding of his role on earth be produced and given credence .
if the [previously mentioned] representation of jesus christ can be accepted , it would be the end of the mysticism surrounding him , and a much more acceptable understanding of his role on earth be produced and given credence .

To forestall any immediate and hasty rejection of the foregoing method of assessment of the value of human virtue by the reader , he is reminded that there is at present no rational way in which this can be done .
to forestall any immediate and hasty rejection of the [previously mentioned] method of assessment of the value of human virtue by the reader , he is reminded that there is at present no rational way in which this can be done .

Some scientifically-minded people might agree that the foregoing is not unreasonable because mathematics has a way of intruding into human affairs whether we like it or not .
some scientifically-minded people might agree that the [previously mentioned] is not unreasonable because mathematics has a way of intruding into human affairs whether we like it or not .

Nevertheless the foregoing does express the nature of the situation as it really is and people should be very well aware of it before they decide to start a family or indulge in sexual activity likely to produce a child .
nevertheless the [previously mentioned] does express the nature of the situation as it really is and people should be very well aware of it before they decide to start a family or indulge in sexual activity likely to produce a child .

From all the foregoing , the connection between the knowledge of right and wrong and the creation of a conscience becomes clear .
from all the [previously mentioned] , the connection between the knowledge of right and wrong and the creation of a conscience becomes clear .

It is to be hoped that in the course of time the word ‘ fear ’ used in the context of the foregoing will be abandoned in favour of the word ‘ foreboding ’ , for the conscience , once properly developed should give warning rather than frighten , and therefore enable the individual to avoid that which could give rise to real fear .
it is to be hoped that in the course of time the word ‘ fear ’ used in the context of the [previously mentioned] will be abandoned in favour of the word ‘ foreboding ’ , for the conscience , once properly developed should give warning rather than frighten , and therefore enable the individual to avoid that which could give rise to real fear .

It follows from the foregoing observations that a knowledge of right and wrong has of itself no power to control behaviour .
it follows from the [previously mentioned] observations that a knowledge of right and wrong has of itself no power to control behaviour .

If the foregoing suggests the activity of experienced adult readers , let us look at that most basic , apparently neutral , and certainly most mundane , of sentences : ‘ The cat sat on the mat ’ .
if the [previously mentioned] suggests the activity of experienced adult readers , let us look at that most basic , apparently neutral , and certainly most mundane , of sentences : ‘ the cat sat on the mat ’ .

The foregoing discussion leaves one with a number of possibilities .
the [previously mentioned] discussion leaves one with a number of possibilities .

It is in the chapter headed ‘ Non-Economic Coercion in the Transition Period ’ that we can see the confusion engendered by the foregoing circumstances being translated into a hymn of praise for violence .
it is in the chapter headed ‘ non-economic coercion in the transition period ’ that we can see the confusion engendered by the [previously mentioned] circumstances being translated into a hymn of praise for violence .

The foregoing paragraphs notwithstanding it is possible , and indeed useful , to categorize English surnames for their better examination .
the [previously mentioned] paragraphs notwithstanding it is possible , and indeed useful , to categorize english surnames for their better examination .

There are minor categories , and sub-categories within the foregoing groups , but for purposes of local history research the types listed will be adequate in most instances .
there are minor categories , and sub-categories within the [previously mentioned] groups , but for purposes of local history research the types listed will be adequate in most instances .

Some of the foregoing have survived to the present day — Pyneford ( Pineford ) , Langlay ( Langley ) , North , le Bret ( Bret and Brett ) , whose meanings are obvious , Piket ( Picot , Pykett , Piggott , etc .
some of the [previously mentioned] have survived to the present day — pyneford ( pineford ) , langlay ( langley ) , north , le bret ( bret and brett ) , whose meanings are obvious , piket ( picot , pykett , piggott , etc .

The foregoing paragraphs illustrate , by means of brief examples , how the history of past organisations , and the story of past events can be uncovered .
the [previously mentioned] paragraphs illustrate , by means of brief examples , how the history of past organisations , and the story of past events can be uncovered .

Important as the foregoing publications are , the crucial thing for local historians to be aware of is the richness of the records maintained by the Commission , which have not been , and perhaps never will be , published .
important as the [previously mentioned] publications are , the crucial thing for local historians to be aware of is the richness of the records maintained by the commission , which have not been , and perhaps never will be , published .

The foregoing examples are taken from documents written by uneducated men who committed to paper , as best they could , what they thought they had heard , or spellings they believed appropriate .
the [previously mentioned] examples are taken from documents written by uneducated men who committed to paper , as best they could , what they thought they had heard , or spellings they believed appropriate .

In addition to the foregoing there are numerous dialect dictionaries , each devoted to the colloquial ( or traditional ) speech of a particular region .
in addition to the [previously mentioned] there are numerous dialect dictionaries , each devoted to the colloquial ( or traditional ) speech of a particular region .

As the foregoing sections have illustrated , population pressures , often stimulated by other factors such as economies and land ownership , are frequently the underpinning cause of environmental change , especially as agriculture has spread into areas that are only marginally productive or where injudicious land-use practices have been established .
as the [previously mentioned] sections have illustrated , population pressures , often stimulated by other factors such as economies and land ownership , are frequently the underpinning cause of environmental change , especially as agriculture has spread into areas that are only marginally productive or where injudicious land-use practices have been established .

Producers are no longer required to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for economically significant crops but may sign a waiver foregoing emergency crop loss assistance .
producers are no longer required to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for economically significant crops but may sign a waiver [previously mentioned] emergency crop loss assistance .

The Administrator shall adjust the foregoing calculation to reflect projected calendar year 1995 utilization of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the Administrator finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements .
the administrator shall adjust the [previously mentioned] calculation to reflect projected calendar year 1995 utilization of the units subject to the emissions limitations of this subpart that the administrator finds would have occurred in the absence of the imposition of such requirements .

Replying to a frustrated colleague in the field , the Bin Ladin unit chief wrote : '' having a chance to get [ Bin Ladin ] three times in 36 hours and foregoing the chance each time has made me a bit angry .
replying to a frustrated colleague in the field , the bin ladin unit chief wrote : '' having a chance to get [ bin ladin ] three times in 36 hours and [previously mentioned] the chance each time has made me a bit angry .

The foregoing data indicate that statin-induced activation of APP shedding in cultured cells involves the Rho/ROCK pathway .
the [previously mentioned] data indicate that statin-induced activation of app shedding in cultured cells involves the rho/rock pathway .

No rural families without physicians , no smoking , no students foregoing medical school for lack of funds , no researchers ceasing their inquiries for lack of support .
no rural families without physicians , no smoking , no students [previously mentioned] medical school for lack of funds , no researchers ceasing their inquiries for lack of support .

The foregoing should not be taken as nostalgia for the Soviet system .
the [previously mentioned] should not be taken as nostalgia for the soviet system .

Because it will take any normal human being at least that long to read the galleys ( 773 pages ) , let alone reflect upon their contents , it 's a fair bet that anyone who reviews the novel has 1 ) merely skimmed it , meaning his impressions are superficial ; 2 ) actually read every page , but only by foregoing food and rest , meaning his impressions are warped by stress ; or 3 ) not read the book at all , meaning his impressions are just as worthy as those of the thousands of other literate folk who will buy Pynchon 's novel on reputation , read the jacket copy , put it down , and pronounce it either another masterpiece or a disappointing falling off , though somewhat better than Vineland , his previous book .
because it will take any normal human being at least that long to read the galleys ( 773 pages ) , let alone reflect upon their contents , it 's a fair bet that anyone who reviews the novel has 1 ) merely skimmed it , meaning his impressions are superficial ; 2 ) actually read every page , but only by [previously mentioned] food and rest , meaning his impressions are warped by stress ; or 3 ) not read the book at all , meaning his impressions are just as worthy as those of the thousands of other literate folk who will buy pynchon 's novel on reputation , read the jacket copy , put it down , and pronounce it either another masterpiece or a disappointing falling off , though somewhat better than vineland , his previous book .

I see from the foregoing that I have , inevitably , slipped into the reviewer 's trap , so neatly laid by generations before me , of commenting on what is not in the book under discussion rather than what is .
i see from the [previously mentioned] that i have , inevitably , slipped into the reviewer 's trap , so neatly laid by generations before me , of commenting on what is not in the book under discussion rather than what is .

The foregoing are facts , not a plea of any kind for anything except to urge those who enjoy VERBATIM , who have made it the highest-circulation popular language journal in the ( English-speaking ) world , to encourage others who share their interest to subscribe and to send in their renewals quickly .
the [previously mentioned] are facts , not a plea of any kind for anything except to urge those who enjoy verbatim , who have made it the highest-circulation popular language journal in the ( english-speaking ) world , to encourage others who share their interest to subscribe and to send in their renewals quickly .

In any case , his translation , in light of the foregoing , seems as plausible to me as the exceptional usage given approval by the “ accepted ” translations .
in any case , his translation , in light of the [previously mentioned] , seems as plausible to me as the exceptional usage given approval by the “ accepted ” translations .

The foregoing is all preliminary and background to the main theme .
the [previously mentioned] is all preliminary and background to the main theme .

The foregoing was written more than a year ago .
the [previously mentioned] was written more than a year ago .

The foregoing is chiefly from the Oxford Dictionary of English Christian Names , E.G .
the [previously mentioned] is chiefly from the oxford dictionary of english christian names , e.g .

Given the nature of the publishing business today , it is probably not at all surprising to see another usage book ( bearing in mind that the Fowler is being updated by Robert Burchfield ) , though , if you believe all the foregoing palaver , no one will ever refer to it .
given the nature of the publishing business today , it is probably not at all surprising to see another usage book ( bearing in mind that the fowler is being updated by robert burchfield ) , though , if you believe all the [previously mentioned] palaver , no one will ever refer to it .

If enough people buy this book , it will soon need a second printing which , it is hoped , will include some of the foregoing ( not these ) recommendations .
if enough people buy this book , it will soon need a second printing which , it is hoped , will include some of the [previously mentioned] ( not these ) recommendations .

I am not entirely in agreement with the RHD treatment , for , personally , I believe that youth has lately appeared more and more often in context like youth center , youth rehabilitation , etc. , where the context is clearly common-gender , and the foregoing is merely set out as a warning to those who try to predict what lexicographers are likely to do .
i am not entirely in agreement with the rhd treatment , for , personally , i believe that youth has lately appeared more and more often in context like youth center , youth rehabilitation , etc. , where the context is clearly common-gender , and the [previously mentioned] is merely set out as a warning to those who try to predict what lexicographers are likely to do .

Breaches of that other basic rule decreeing agreement in number between subject and verb are at least as common as the foregoing errors :
breaches of that other basic rule decreeing agreement in number between subject and verb are at least as common as the [previously mentioned] errors :

The foregoing examples , however , were not drawn from the street but from the air and were uttered by professional broadcasters .
the [previously mentioned] examples , however , were not drawn from the street but from the air and were uttered by professional broadcasters .

As might be gathered from the foregoing , I am not enamored of this book as a dictionary , though I must admit that it is different and might well set a trend in reference books .
as might be gathered from the [previously mentioned] , i am not enamored of this book as a dictionary , though i must admit that it is different and might well set a trend in reference books .

The foregoing is merely a sampling and by no means constitutes the full documentation of Skeat 's clawing back from the brink of ignominy at having pinched another 's work .
the [previously mentioned] is merely a sampling and by no means constitutes the full documentation of skeat 's clawing back from the brink of ignominy at having pinched another 's work .

The foregoing is not very important , but it does show what can happen when a person keen on words is let loose .
the [previously mentioned] is not very important , but it does show what can happen when a person keen on words is let loose .

I must say that I was quite disappointed to find the foregoing examples ; alas !
i must say that i was quite disappointed to find the [previously mentioned] examples ; alas !

The foregoing is not entirely irrelevant to my comments on the book at hand , for it would be unfair to review it as a dictionary , comparing it with other dictionaries .
the [previously mentioned] is not entirely irrelevant to my comments on the book at hand , for it would be unfair to review it as a dictionary , comparing it with other dictionaries .

The foregoing is all preliminary and background to the main theme .
the [previously mentioned] is all preliminary and background to the main theme .

The foregoing reflects enthusiasm , intelligence , and resourcefulness but it is badly written , is riddled with the kind of jargon that frightens away anybody not privy to the secret language of software , and , consequently , makes the rest of its content suspect .
the [previously mentioned] reflects enthusiasm , intelligence , and resourcefulness but it is badly written , is riddled with the kind of jargon that frightens away anybody not privy to the secret language of software , and , consequently , makes the rest of its content suspect .

