Wherefore , as they became forfeit to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' .
wherefore , as they became [give up] to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' .

In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .
in addition to the penalties provided in title 18 , united states code , section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this title , shall [give up] all rights under this title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .

Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this Title .
whoever , in the united states or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall [give up] all rights under this title .

When it became possible that the assailants might be other children , the fiend could only be collectivised : an anti-society of the dispossessed , those beneath Christian morality whose drugged souls are already forfeit .
when it became possible that the assailants might be other children , the fiend could only be collectivised : an anti-society of the dispossessed , those beneath christian morality whose drugged souls are already [give up] .

Jones will be a further £250 out of pocket , as he must also pay costs of the hearing , and forfeit his £50 appeal fee .
jones will be a further £250 out of pocket , as he must also pay costs of the hearing , and [give up] his £50 appeal fee .

If the Test and County Cricket Board have any courage and stature they ought to demand that Javed Miandad 's team forfeit their £100,000 prize money from the Cornhill Tests , the Texaco Trophy one-day games and the Tetley Bitter matches against the counties .
if the test and county cricket board have any courage and stature they ought to demand that javed miandad 's team [give up] their £100,000 prize money from the cornhill tests , the texaco trophy one-day games and the tetley bitter matches against the counties .

Just 13 horses stood their ground at yesterday 's latest forfeit stage for the final classic .
just 13 horses stood their ground at yesterday 's latest [give up] stage for the final classic .

First a sermon was preached by the Provost of Eton , Dr Cole , in which he explained that , although Cranmer had recanted , his life was forfeit in retribution for those of More and Fisher .
first a sermon was preached by the provost of eton , dr cole , in which he explained that , although cranmer had recanted , his life was [give up] in retribution for those of more and fisher .

If The Lord of the Rings should approach too close to ‘ Gospel-truth ’ , to the Christian myth in which Tolkien himself believed , it might forfeit its status as a story and become at worst a blasphemy , an ‘ Apocryphal gospel ’ , at best a dull allegory rehearsing in admittedly novel form what everyone ought to know already .
if the lord of the rings should approach too close to ‘ gospel-truth ’ , to the christian myth in which tolkien himself believed , it might [give up] its status as a story and become at worst a blasphemy , an ‘ apocryphal gospel ’ , at best a dull allegory rehearsing in admittedly novel form what everyone ought to know already .

Furthermore , the young lady will learn the more vexatious lesson that she can forfeit her entitlements , in circumstances of which others will say were well deserved .
furthermore , the young lady will learn the more vexatious lesson that she can [give up] her entitlements , in circumstances of which others will say were well deserved .

Citizens ' rights can be forfeit if we fall foul of the law .
citizens ' rights can be [give up] if we fall foul of the law .

‘ But people violent without excuse should forfeit their right to see a doctor . ’
‘ but people violent without excuse should [give up] their right to see a doctor . ’

Either they must draw back from the spotlight and forfeit their privileges or pick their partners based on purely practical criteria .
either they must draw back from the spotlight and [give up] their privileges or pick their partners based on purely practical criteria .

She was fined £3,900 , ordered to forfeit her Ford Fiesta car , worth £800 , and banned from driving for three years .
she was fined £3,900 , ordered to [give up] her ford fiesta car , worth £800 , and banned from driving for three years .

Then he retreated , as he had before , stepping away from the object of his terror — Gentle — as though expecting to forfeit his visibility .
then he retreated , as he had before , stepping away from the object of his terror — gentle — as though expecting to [give up] his visibility .

They insist that the forfeit of self-esteem must be paid .
they insist that the [give up] of self-esteem must be paid .

Thus , almost immediately , the chief object of the campaign — a quick victory to restore mobile warfare in contrast to the stalemate on the Western Front was forfeit .
thus , almost immediately , the chief object of the campaign — a quick victory to restore mobile warfare in contrast to the stalemate on the western front was [give up] .

Organisation was important to the success of the party in the interwar years , but efficient constituency organisation in itself did not guarantee popular support , or poor organisation forfeit it .
organisation was important to the success of the party in the interwar years , but efficient constituency organisation in itself did not guarantee popular support , or poor organisation [give up] it .

‘ Or forfeit your ship . ’
‘ or [give up] your ship . ’

The Queensland legislation is also contract based and permits a court , on application , to make an order that the defendant forfeit an amount equal to all or part of the proceeds received or to be received by him , or by any other person on his behalf from a contract relating to :
the queensland legislation is also contract based and permits a court , on application , to make an order that the defendant [give up] an amount equal to all or part of the proceeds received or to be received by him , or by any other person on his behalf from a contract relating to :

It also follows that , although offenders do forfeit some portion of the rights citizens should normally enjoy , they still retain the status of human beings and therefore retain important human rights ( Richardson , 1995 ) — a point on which we are closer to some retributivist thinkers than to classical utilitarianism .
it also follows that , although offenders do [give up] some portion of the rights citizens should normally enjoy , they still retain the status of human beings and therefore retain important human rights ( richardson , 1995 ) — a point on which we are closer to some retributivist thinkers than to classical utilitarianism .

Members absent without satisfactory excuse , shall forfeit a small fine of two pence for each case of absence .
members absent without satisfactory excuse , shall [give up] a small fine of two pence for each case of absence .

Deposits would be returned to the payee unless the case went to a full hearing and the party which had paid the deposit lost and had an order for costs made against them , in which case the deposit would be forfeit as part of the costs payable .
deposits would be returned to the payee unless the case went to a full hearing and the party which had paid the deposit lost and had an order for costs made against them , in which case the deposit would be [give up] as part of the costs payable .

The Templar lands were declared to be lay fee and therefore forfeit to the crown on the dissolution of the Order ; any attempts to challenge this were soon quashed by writs of prohibition .
the templar lands were declared to be lay fee and therefore [give up] to the crown on the dissolution of the order ; any attempts to challenge this were soon quashed by writs of prohibition .

‘ Attack me , and you will forfeit my favour , ’ Alexei said softly to Siban .
‘ attack me , and you will [give up] my favour , ’ alexei said softly to siban .

‘ Your life is no longer forfeit ; but it is upon condition that you serve the Kha-Khan on a venture which Alexei is to command .
‘ your life is no longer [give up] ; but it is upon condition that you serve the kha-khan on a venture which alexei is to command .

If the plate falls the player must pay a forfeit .
if the plate falls the player must pay a [give up] .

As a member of the wealthy middle class , Darwin had a social position that he might well forfeit if he became identified with the supposedly atheistical concept of transmutation .
as a member of the wealthy middle class , darwin had a social position that he might well [give up] if he became identified with the supposedly atheistical concept of transmutation .

Should any man lose any time through drunkenness he is to forfeit 5s .
should any man lose any time through drunkenness he is to [give up] 5s .

The ex-church and crown lands which he had acquired were automatically forfeit ; the residue of his property was confiscated by his retrospective attainder as a regicide .
the ex-church and crown lands which he had acquired were automatically [give up] ; the residue of his property was confiscated by his retrospective attainder as a regicide .

At the Restoration his ex-church and ex-crown lands and those belonging to the Butler ( Ormonde ) family in Ireland were all forfeit , but he managed to retain other Irish interests , through the friendship and protection of the first Baron Kingston , who as Sir John King [ q.v . ]
at the restoration his ex-church and ex-crown lands and those belonging to the butler ( ormonde ) family in ireland were all [give up] , but he managed to retain other irish interests , through the friendship and protection of the first baron kingston , who as sir john king [ q.v . ]

Following the Restoration he was considered sufficiently dangerous and obnoxious to be listed as one of the twenty non-regicides whose property was to be forfeit and who were excluded from office in perpetuity .
following the restoration he was considered sufficiently dangerous and obnoxious to be listed as one of the twenty non-regicides whose property was to be [give up] and who were excluded from office in perpetuity .

Forfeit speed for perfection .
[give up] speed for perfection .

It seems likely that the two latter offences were conceived to protect the interests of wealthy fathers by seeking to ensure that their daughters did not contract unsuitable marriages or forfeit their virginity and become less eligible .
it seems likely that the two latter offences were conceived to protect the interests of wealthy fathers by seeking to ensure that their daughters did not contract unsuitable marriages or [give up] their virginity and become less eligible .

The landlord will usually prefer such a reservation in order to utilise the remedy of distress for arrears , and to forfeit the lease without the necessity to serve a notice under s 146 of the Law of Property Act 1925 , which would otherwise apply if these payments were merely tenant 's covenants .
the landlord will usually prefer such a reservation in order to utilise the remedy of distress for arrears , and to [give up] the lease without the necessity to serve a notice under s 146 of the law of property act 1925 , which would otherwise apply if these payments were merely tenant 's covenants .

9.5 Effect of waiver Each of the Tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the Landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the Centre or the Adjoining Property This provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to forfeit the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .
9.5 effect of waiver each of the tenant 's covenants shall remain in full force both at law and in equity notwithstanding that the landlord shall have waived or released temporarily any such covenant or waived or released temporarily or permanently revocably or irrevocably a similar covenant or similar covenants affecting any other part of the centre or the adjoining property this provision is an attempt to circumvent the rather harsh law of waiver , by which a landlord will lose its right to [give up] the lease where a non-continuing breach has occurred if the landlord does some act to suggest that the landlord is nevertheless satisfied to continue the tenancy , eg by accepting rent from the tenant .

The reasoning in the lawyer/client cases can not automatically be transferred to the financial services area because of the particular nature of the lawyer/client relationship including the fact that in order to prove a breach of confidence a client might be forced to forfeit the lawyer/client privilege , and that the very restrictive Law Society rules provide for only a very limited role for the Chinese wall where law firms amalgamate and the clients consent .
the reasoning in the lawyer/client cases can not automatically be transferred to the financial services area because of the particular nature of the lawyer/client relationship including the fact that in order to prove a breach of confidence a client might be forced to [give up] the lawyer/client privilege , and that the very restrictive law society rules provide for only a very limited role for the chinese wall where law firms amalgamate and the clients consent .

‘ That 's all right , Shelley . But there 's a forfeit to pay for forgetting my confidence — will you have dinner with me tonight ? ’
‘ that 's all right , shelley . but there 's a [give up] to pay for forgetting my confidence — will you have dinner with me tonight ? ’

Section 137 of the 1984 Act provides that `` every lessee to whom there is delivered any summons issued from a county court for the recovery of land held by him … shall forthwith give notice to his lessor … if a lessee fails to give notice he shall be liable to forfeit to the person of whom he hold the land an amount equal to three years improved rent of the land `` .
section 137 of the 1984 act provides that `` every lessee to whom there is delivered any summons issued from a county court for the recovery of land held by him … shall forthwith give notice to his lessor … if a lessee fails to give notice he shall be liable to [give up] to the person of whom he hold the land an amount equal to three years improved rent of the land `` .

The landlord would be entitled to sue for damages for breach of covenant and/or endeavour to forfeit the lease ( although the risk of forfeiture is extremely unlikely in the current market ) .
the landlord would be entitled to sue for damages for breach of covenant and/or endeavour to [give up] the lease ( although the risk of forfeiture is extremely unlikely in the current market ) .

There was the binding of wounds and examining of bruises to be considered , and the saying of prayers and sewing-up in bedding of those whose lives had been forfeit and above all there was a great deal of talking to be one , for , as the Magistrate scientifically observed , nothing unusual can happen among human beings without generating an immense , compensating volume of chatter .
there was the binding of wounds and examining of bruises to be considered , and the saying of prayers and sewing-up in bedding of those whose lives had been [give up] and above all there was a great deal of talking to be one , for , as the magistrate scientifically observed , nothing unusual can happen among human beings without generating an immense , compensating volume of chatter .

The School itself therefore continued without a break , as the income from the property which had been devised to support it was thus not forfeit .
the school itself therefore continued without a break , as the income from the property which had been devised to support it was thus not [give up] .

The royal estates of the house of Cunobelinos , already forfeit , would have been used to provide the land allotments for the veterans .
the royal estates of the house of cunobelinos , already [give up] , would have been used to provide the land allotments for the veterans .

Woodville had seized £10,250 in English gold coin from the vessel on the grounds that it was forfeit to the crown , and by the indenture bound himself to give the patron its value in English merchandise if that proved not to be the case .
woodville had seized £10,250 in english gold coin from the vessel on the grounds that it was [give up] to the crown , and by the indenture bound himself to give the patron its value in english merchandise if that proved not to be the case .

If an individual peasant family was for one reason or another unable to produce its share of tax a peasant might borrow , do additional work as a paid labourer or craftsman or forfeit his land rights to another .
if an individual peasant family was for one reason or another unable to produce its share of tax a peasant might borrow , do additional work as a paid labourer or craftsman or [give up] his land rights to another .

The company 's property may even be forfeit , as happened to German corporate property in America or Britain in 1946 .
the company 's property may even be [give up] , as happened to german corporate property in america or britain in 1946 .

In Leeds , for example , some magistrates are deciding to use the powers to bind over parents for a sum of money : if the child reoffends the cash if forfeit .
in leeds , for example , some magistrates are deciding to use the powers to bind over parents for a sum of money : if the child reoffends the cash if [give up] .

Another way is to organize no-poaching conventions between firms or to pay only low wages in the early years of a career to increase the amounts that mobile workers have to forfeit .
another way is to organize no-poaching conventions between firms or to pay only low wages in the early years of a career to increase the amounts that mobile workers have to [give up] .

Meanwhile , the first single to be released on Expo is ‘ Forfeit ’ by a band called Fuel — coming to a shop near you just about now .
meanwhile , the first single to be released on expo is ‘ [give up] ’ by a band called fuel — coming to a shop near you just about now .

If a confirmed booking is cancelled 3–6 weeks before the starting date a 50 % forfeit fee will be charged .
if a confirmed booking is cancelled 3–6 weeks before the starting date a 50 % [give up] fee will be charged .

If a confirmed booking is cancelled within 3 weeks of the course starting date or if the nominee fails to attend the course , the total fee becomes forfeit .
if a confirmed booking is cancelled within 3 weeks of the course starting date or if the nominee fails to attend the course , the total fee becomes [give up] .

Those who did not sign would forfeit some legal rights .
those who did not sign would [give up] some legal rights .

In his dealings with Shamir , Moda ' i allegedly demanded `` safe `` places for the Liberals on the Likud list for the next two Knesset elections and a large monetary guarantee which Likud would forfeit if such a commitment was not kept .
in his dealings with shamir , moda ' i allegedly demanded `` safe `` places for the liberals on the likud list for the next two knesset elections and a large monetary guarantee which likud would [give up] if such a commitment was not kept .

If the seller proposes to have its solicitors prepare the draft , it should consult with the acquirer who may be reluctant to forfeit the advantage of drafting .
if the seller proposes to have its solicitors prepare the draft , it should consult with the acquirer who may be reluctant to [give up] the advantage of drafting .

Her self-confidence might have taken a battering , but that was no reason to forfeit the personal standards her parents had instilled into her since childhood .
her self-confidence might have taken a battering , but that was no reason to [give up] the personal standards her parents had instilled into her since childhood .

And if King Richard is now dead , then it was by Lancaster 's order he died , and whatever title Lancaster might otherwise have possessed to inherit from him is forfeit .
and if king richard is now dead , then it was by lancaster 's order he died , and whatever title lancaster might otherwise have possessed to inherit from him is [give up] .

The last one to find ‘ Smee ’ has to pay a forfeit .
the last one to find ‘ smee ’ has to pay a [give up] .

‘ Come on , Jackson , you can tell it to us instead of paying a forfeit .
‘ come on , jackson , you can tell it to us instead of paying a [give up] .

It was vital here to pay proper attention to every step , or the river would claim forfeit .
it was vital here to pay proper attention to every step , or the river would claim [give up] .

If a Maori left his tribe and went to live in another district , either through marriage or otherwise , and he and his descendants remained away for three generations , they would forfeit all rights to the land so abandoned ; their claims would become ahimataotao .
if a maori left his tribe and went to live in another district , either through marriage or otherwise , and he and his descendants remained away for three generations , they would [give up] all rights to the land so abandoned ; their claims would become ahimataotao .

Unfortunately , the plaintiffs fell into arrears with their rent and the landlords — `` Twogates `` — wanted to forfeit the lease .
unfortunately , the plaintiffs fell into arrears with their rent and the landlords — `` twogates `` — wanted to [give up] the lease .

Everyone enjoyed the pleasant outdoor atmosphere and setting without having to forfeit convenience .
everyone enjoyed the pleasant outdoor atmosphere and setting without having to [give up] convenience .

Her younger brother was sent by Teresa later in the day to say she would not be returning to a house where a dangerous lunatic lived and no one could expect her to — she would rather forfeit that week 's wages than wait long enough to give notice .
her younger brother was sent by teresa later in the day to say she would not be returning to a house where a dangerous lunatic lived and no one could expect her to — she would rather [give up] that week 's wages than wait long enough to give notice .

An absurdly large raft of congressmen and senators was set to question the witnesses , sitting on a specially constructed double dais draped with burgundy cloth ; none wished to drop out of the committees and forfeit a screen appearance .
an absurdly large raft of congressmen and senators was set to question the witnesses , sitting on a specially constructed double dais draped with burgundy cloth ; none wished to drop out of the committees and [give up] a screen appearance .

What she had not known was that in leaving home she would have to forfeit her four children .
what she had not known was that in leaving home she would have to [give up] her four children .

They forfeit the right to stand up against them .
they [give up] the right to stand up against them .

‘ Give him the forfeit .
‘ give him the [give up] .

What should be the relationship between these various ingredients of citizenship , and in particular between civil , political and social rights , the duties , legal and moral , of citizens and the duties of the state ? There would be dangers in making the enjoyment of the entitlements of citizenship conditional on the performance of the legal or moral duties of citizenship , especially the ‘ voluntary obligations ’ of service to the community , since these entitlements are , it is suggested , too important to be ‘ bought ’ by community service and forfeit for lack of the required track record of active citizenship ; also , it would be unduly intrusive to place these burdens on citizens who should be entitled to a private life , and many of whom — women with young children or dependent relatives to care for , for example — do not have the time or resources to do service to the wider community .
what should be the relationship between these various ingredients of citizenship , and in particular between civil , political and social rights , the duties , legal and moral , of citizens and the duties of the state ? there would be dangers in making the enjoyment of the entitlements of citizenship conditional on the performance of the legal or moral duties of citizenship , especially the ‘ voluntary obligations ’ of service to the community , since these entitlements are , it is suggested , too important to be ‘ bought ’ by community service and [give up] for lack of the required track record of active citizenship ; also , it would be unduly intrusive to place these burdens on citizens who should be entitled to a private life , and many of whom — women with young children or dependent relatives to care for , for example — do not have the time or resources to do service to the wider community .

Squash Jansher jolted by fine and forfeit .
squash jansher jolted by fine and [give up] .

They gave Natfhe and the other unions until January 31 to accept or forfeit the offer .
they gave natfhe and the other unions until january 31 to accept or [give up] the offer .

Blaming Mr Adamec for sparking a ‘ political crisis ’ by his act , the Civic Forum opposition movement said the ruling but discredited Communist Party had to forfeit the prime ministership or the presidency .
blaming mr adamec for sparking a ‘ political crisis ’ by his act , the civic forum opposition movement said the ruling but discredited communist party had to [give up] the prime ministership or the presidency .

The member is also liable to be adjudged incapable of being elected or appointed to any public office for five years from the date of his conviction and also to forfeit any such office held by him at the time of his conviction .
the member is also liable to be adjudged incapable of being elected or appointed to any public office for five years from the date of his conviction and also to [give up] any such office held by him at the time of his conviction .

Secondly , the court may order him to forfeit his office if he is convicted for corruption under the Public Bodies Corrupt Practices Act 1889 , and if he is convicted a second time under that Act he may be adjudged incapable for ever of holding a public office .
secondly , the court may order him to [give up] his office if he is convicted for corruption under the public bodies corrupt practices act 1889 , and if he is convicted a second time under that act he may be adjudged incapable for ever of holding a public office .

That , despite the recession and the fact that they would have to forfeit two weeks work .
that , despite the recession and the fact that they would have to [give up] two weeks work .

All the money is forfeit to the Crown , so Pip is once again poor .
all the money is [give up] to the crown , so pip is once again poor .

whether you may forfeit valuable legal rights if you leave too soon .
whether you may [give up] valuable legal rights if you leave too soon .

So it might be possible for a 50-year-old with a heart condition to be acting reasonably if he turned down a job involving more stress and daily travel , whereas a 30-year-old executive with no personal problems who rejected the same offer might forfeit his claim to statutory redundancy pay .
so it might be possible for a 50-year-old with a heart condition to be acting reasonably if he turned down a job involving more stress and daily travel , whereas a 30-year-old executive with no personal problems who rejected the same offer might [give up] his claim to statutory redundancy pay .

While pursuing a complaint through the grievance procedure is sometimes worthwhile , you do not forfeit your right to claim constructive dismissal if you have been treated so badly that you decide that raising the matter through the company 's internal procedures will not help you to achieve a fair deal .
while pursuing a complaint through the grievance procedure is sometimes worthwhile , you do not [give up] your right to claim constructive dismissal if you have been treated so badly that you decide that raising the matter through the company 's internal procedures will not help you to achieve a fair deal .

We have already seen examples of how you may , if you are not careful , forfeit your redundancy rights , the chance to claim constructive dismissal or indeed all your statutory employment rights in the event that your contract is frustrated .
we have already seen examples of how you may , if you are not careful , [give up] your redundancy rights , the chance to claim constructive dismissal or indeed all your statutory employment rights in the event that your contract is frustrated .

The wakeman was elected annually from ‘ his bretheren ’ and if he ‘ flytted from the towne except that God do visit it with pestilence ’ he had to forfeit twenty pounds .
the wakeman was elected annually from ‘ his bretheren ’ and if he ‘ flytted from the towne except that god do visit it with pestilence ’ he had to [give up] twenty pounds .

But the puritan lobby do a disservice to their cause by lumping everything under the one name , just as the temperance lobby forfeit respect by classing a Christmas sherry with a vodka bacchanal .
but the puritan lobby do a disservice to their cause by lumping everything under the one name , just as the temperance lobby [give up] respect by classing a christmas sherry with a vodka bacchanal .

The claim might be that freedom and its blessings represent a great gift that no individual “ made in God ’ s image ” should be able to forfeit as though it were a disposable piece of property .
the claim might be that freedom and its blessings represent a great gift that no individual “ made in god ’ s image ” should be able to [give up] as though it were a disposable piece of property .

Unlike indigent clients who seek LSC representation , the patient in Rust was not required to forfeit the Govern-ment-funded advice when she also received abortion counseling through alternative channels .
unlike indigent clients who seek lsc representation , the patient in rust was not required to [give up] the govern-ment-funded advice when she also received abortion counseling through alternative channels .

Let me out of the cursed scam now , and I 'll forfeit every penny I 've contributed thus far .
let me out of the cursed scam now , and i 'll [give up] every penny i 've contributed thus far .

The CDU committed a civil offense by ignoring this law , and now faces punitive fines totaling twice the undisclosed contributions , in addition to having to forfeit the actual contributions to parliament .
the cdu committed a civil offense by ignoring this law , and now faces punitive fines totaling twice the undisclosed contributions , in addition to having to [give up] the actual contributions to parliament .

