And the council is now proposing to switch to a fortnightly collection .
and the council is now proposing to switch to a [every two weeks] collection .

Milton Keynes Borough Council say they will save £400,000 a year by switching to a fortnightly collection of rubbish .
milton keynes borough council say they will save £400,000 a year by switching to a [every two weeks] collection of rubbish .

fortnightly collection , so they would be saving in that
[every two weeks] collection , so they would be saving in that

The bank is also considering a rolling settlement period to replace the current fortnightly accounting system , as well as ‘ delivery versus payment ’ , the automatic exchange of shares for cash after a stock market transaction has taken place .
the bank is also considering a rolling settlement period to replace the current [every two weeks] accounting system , as well as ‘ delivery versus payment ’ , the automatic exchange of shares for cash after a stock market transaction has taken place .

Outlining the proposals , which will be put in writing to the Bank of England task force set up in to pick up the pieces after Taurus , Mr Pearson said the key point was that any new system should focus solely on the professional market — leaving the private shareholder with paper certificates and the existing fortnightly settlement system .
outlining the proposals , which will be put in writing to the bank of england task force set up in to pick up the pieces after taurus , mr pearson said the key point was that any new system should focus solely on the professional market — leaving the private shareholder with paper certificates and the existing [every two weeks] settlement system .

On February 18 they start at the Tap and Spile in Darlington where they will play every other Tuesday , and on February 23 they play their first date at Queen Catherines Hotel , Osmotherly , which is also a fortnightly affair .
on february 18 they start at the tap and spile in darlington where they will play every other tuesday , and on february 23 they play their first date at queen catherines hotel , osmotherly , which is also a [every two weeks] affair .

Summons hearings are held fortnightly , and committal cases are held three weeks out of four .
summons hearings are held [every two weeks] , and committal cases are held three weeks out of four .

This is done on Saturdays and Wednesday evenings — all day Saturday and a Wednesday evening , on a fortnightly basis .
this is done on saturdays and wednesday evenings — all day saturday and a wednesday evening , on a [every two weeks] basis .

The John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford holds fortnightly vaccination clinics .
the john radcliffe hospital in oxford holds [every two weeks] vaccination clinics .

Note that for a given level of income , the transactions demand for money would rise if more households were paid fortnightly or monthly rather than weekly .
note that for a given level of income , the transactions demand for money would rise if more households were paid [every two weeks] or monthly rather than weekly .

If the household should now be paid £200 fortnightly , it can be seen that its average money holding increases to £100 .
if the household should now be paid £200 [every two weeks] , it can be seen that its average money holding increases to £100 .

Nitrates can have harmful effects , but are usually kept in check by fortnightly water changes to dilute them .
nitrates can have harmful effects , but are usually kept in check by [every two weeks] water changes to dilute them .

Feed fortnightly with a liquid feed — seaweed-based ones are best ; an eggcupful to a can of water .
feed [every two weeks] with a liquid feed — seaweed-based ones are best ; an eggcupful to a can of water .

Keep the soil-based compost moist in the growing period and feed fortnightly with a standard liquid fertiliser .
keep the soil-based compost moist in the growing period and feed [every two weeks] with a standard liquid fertiliser .

Give fortnightly liquid feeds to encourage new growth .
give [every two weeks] liquid feeds to encourage new growth .

By September 1988 there were six such groups meeting fortnightly with a membership of about a dozen each .
by september 1988 there were six such groups meeting [every two weeks] with a membership of about a dozen each .

By 1989 the church was meeting in fortnightly celebrations in Raynes Park High School and at the time of writing the church has grown to a membership of 300 .
by 1989 the church was meeting in [every two weeks] celebrations in raynes park high school and at the time of writing the church has grown to a membership of 300 .

Committee meetings had taken place at fortnightly intervals ever since early in the nineteenth century , but now , in view of the fact that there was a war on , the local government board asked for the meetings to be held monthly , a suggestion that was accepted with alacrity .
committee meetings had taken place at [every two weeks] intervals ever since early in the nineteenth century , but now , in view of the fact that there was a war on , the local government board asked for the meetings to be held monthly , a suggestion that was accepted with alacrity .

At the moment the 30″ × 15″ × 15″ aquarium contains four Gold Barbs , a couple of Platies and ten Neons and is being maintained at fortnightly intervals by Aqualand Pet Centre .
at the moment the 30″ × 15″ × 15″ aquarium contains four gold barbs , a couple of platies and ten neons and is being maintained at [every two weeks] intervals by aqualand pet centre .

Smaller weekly or fortnightly water changes of 10–20 % are preferable to large monthly ones .
smaller weekly or [every two weeks] water changes of 10–20 % are preferable to large monthly ones .

Smaller weekly or fortnightly water changes of 10–20 % are preferable to large monthly ones .
smaller weekly or [every two weeks] water changes of 10–20 % are preferable to large monthly ones .

This marks a strong contrast with other countries such as Denmark , France , the Netherlands and the United States , where the great majority of workers now have their salaries paid direct into bank accounts , usually monthly ( fortnightly in Denmark ) .
this marks a strong contrast with other countries such as denmark , france , the netherlands and the united states , where the great majority of workers now have their salaries paid direct into bank accounts , usually monthly ( [every two weeks] in denmark ) .

These range from telephone calls between acquaintances and friends to meetings at training/familiarisation courses , and from participation in the affairs of independent computing associations to communicating through the columns of their own specialist fortnightly journal ( the Freelance Informer ) .
these range from telephone calls between acquaintances and friends to meetings at training/familiarisation courses , and from participation in the affairs of independent computing associations to communicating through the columns of their own specialist [every two weeks] journal ( the freelance informer ) .

Once any treatment has been completed , partial water changes should be carried out every three days on three consecutive occasions , before returning to fortnightly changes of about 20 % , with water that must be as near as possible to that already in the aquarium , ( but hopefully that goes without saying these days ) .
once any treatment has been completed , partial water changes should be carried out every three days on three consecutive occasions , before returning to [every two weeks] changes of about 20 % , with water that must be as near as possible to that already in the aquarium , ( but hopefully that goes without saying these days ) .

The School Newspaper published fortnightly in Portnahaven in 1894 became `` The Rhyns Echo `` with number eight and was published weekly .
the school newspaper published [every two weeks] in portnahaven in 1894 became `` the rhyns echo `` with number eight and was published weekly .

The School Newspaper published fortnightly in Portnahaven in 1894 became `` The Rhyns Echo `` with number eight and was published weekly .
the school newspaper published [every two weeks] in portnahaven in 1894 became `` the rhyns echo `` with number eight and was published weekly .

After some discussion it was arranged to carry on the Winter Meetings fortnightly as last year .
after some discussion it was arranged to carry on the winter meetings [every two weeks] as last year .

They also changed their rules of gathering , confining themselves to a fortnightly meeting during Parliament 's sessions .
they also changed their rules of gathering , confining themselves to a [every two weeks] meeting during parliament 's sessions .

In 1927 the South American Secretariat started publishing La Correspondencia Sudamericana , which appeared fortnightly at first .
in 1927 the south american secretariat started publishing la correspondencia sudamericana , which appeared [every two weeks] at first .

Anyone having difficulty making monthly payments and who wishes to make fortnightly or weekly payments should contact this office without delay .
anyone having difficulty making monthly payments and who wishes to make [every two weeks] or weekly payments should contact this office without delay .

Provision was also made within hospitals for adequate moral and religious instruction of the women and for the regular fortnightly inspection of former detainees , while the period of compulsory detention was extended to six months .
provision was also made within hospitals for adequate moral and religious instruction of the women and for the regular [every two weeks] inspection of former detainees , while the period of compulsory detention was extended to six months .

This small bit of experimental work will become the focus of one or two in-service sessions of our regular fortnightly workshops for teachers .
this small bit of experimental work will become the focus of one or two in-service sessions of our regular [every two weeks] workshops for teachers .

The fortnightly Classical Music title was the first to be converted and all the company 's other titles , including their reference books and directories , have followed suit .
the [every two weeks] classical music title was the first to be converted and all the company 's other titles , including their reference books and directories , have followed suit .

Boxing almost fortnightly demanded minimum training and Lynch thrived with this pattern of exercise .
boxing almost [every two weeks] demanded minimum training and lynch thrived with this pattern of exercise .

By 1586 Offwood had become active in Suffolk Puritan circles , attending fortnightly conventicles held by Simon Harleston , a former Marian exile , and , after Harleston 's death in 1591 , moving towards more radical Separatist positions .
by 1586 offwood had become active in suffolk puritan circles , attending [every two weeks] conventicles held by simon harleston , a former marian exile , and , after harleston 's death in 1591 , moving towards more radical separatist positions .

The Committee normally meets fortnightly for the first eight weeks each term ( weeks 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 ) and may meet on a fifth occasion ( in week 10 ) .
the committee normally meets [every two weeks] for the first eight weeks each term ( weeks 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 ) and may meet on a fifth occasion ( in week 10 ) .

Careful to avoid being declared a fugitive , Coleman had kept up the fortnightly calls to his pre-trial services officer in Chicago , reporting truthfully but contriving to leave his precise whereabouts in doubt .
careful to avoid being declared a fugitive , coleman had kept up the [every two weeks] calls to his pre-trial services officer in chicago , reporting truthfully but contriving to leave his precise whereabouts in doubt .

It publishes a fortnightly bulletin , European Affairs , which is circulated throughout the Council .
it publishes a [every two weeks] bulletin , european affairs , which is circulated throughout the council .

‘ No one 's going to throw a fit over the occasional visitor and a fortnightly van .
‘ no one 's going to throw a fit over the occasional visitor and a [every two weeks] van .

The idea of them having to bring fortnightly evidence that they have been looking for work when in the majority of cases they are not even permitted onto premises to ask for a job suggests an obvious indifference on the part of the policy makers .
the idea of them having to bring [every two weeks] evidence that they have been looking for work when in the majority of cases they are not even permitted onto premises to ask for a job suggests an obvious indifference on the part of the policy makers .

He regularly attended the fortnightly lunches , and sometimes all-day meetings , of the Chandos Group and joined most of the conferences of the Moot .
he regularly attended the [every two weeks] lunches , and sometimes all-day meetings , of the chandos group and joined most of the conferences of the moot .

She and her colleagues visit as many of them as possible at fortnightly intervals to tell the children stories from picture books , and to get to know the supervisors and staff and the children 's mothers .
she and her colleagues visit as many of them as possible at [every two weeks] intervals to tell the children stories from picture books , and to get to know the supervisors and staff and the children 's mothers .

For full details of performances the fortnightly publication ‘ What 's On ’ is available from most hotels and the Tourist Board in Amsterdam .
for full details of performances the [every two weeks] publication ‘ what 's on ’ is available from most hotels and the tourist board in amsterdam .

The final two sessions may be planned at fortnightly intervals to help the group ‘ tail off ’ .
the final two sessions may be planned at [every two weeks] intervals to help the group ‘ tail off ’ .

Departures : fortnightly from London starting 6 November 1989 .
departures : [every two weeks] from london starting 6 november 1989 .

Departures : fortnightly from London starting 13 November 1989 .
departures : [every two weeks] from london starting 13 november 1989 .

As late as 1960 all of the ‘ officers ’ , as the Lord Chancellor 's legal staff were known , not officials as elsewhere in the civil service , were able to sit around a not particularly large octagonal table in the Permanent Secretary 's room at his fortnightly office meetings .
as late as 1960 all of the ‘ officers ’ , as the lord chancellor 's legal staff were known , not officials as elsewhere in the civil service , were able to sit around a not particularly large octagonal table in the permanent secretary 's room at his [every two weeks] office meetings .

The Test Case Report will be produced fortnightly for each major sub-system under system test .
the test case report will be produced [every two weeks] for each major sub-system under system test .

When Scouting for Boys first appeared in a series of fortnightly instalments in 1908 , the fly-leaf of the final issue was already claiming that ‘ at the present moment something between 500,000 and 700,000 young men are interested in this scheme , which will come into full swing about April ’ .
when scouting for boys first appeared in a series of [every two weeks] instalments in 1908 , the fly-leaf of the final issue was already claiming that ‘ at the present moment something between 500,000 and 700,000 young men are interested in this scheme , which will come into full swing about april ’ .

The client was so impressed with Bruce 's presentation that they bought the sprayer at a cost of £22,500 from the agricultural machinery specialist and agreed a contract with Rentokil to supply the labour to use the sprayer to carry out fortnightly treatments over the summer months for £12,000 a year .
the client was so impressed with bruce 's presentation that they bought the sprayer at a cost of £22,500 from the agricultural machinery specialist and agreed a contract with rentokil to supply the labour to use the sprayer to carry out [every two weeks] treatments over the summer months for £12,000 a year .

weekly , fortnightly or monthly budget schemes .
weekly , [every two weeks] or monthly budget schemes .

Last winter , `` he recalls , `` Myra would come across from Dunoon for a fortnightly session and the three of us would go out onto the practice ground whatever the weather .
last winter , `` he recalls , `` myra would come across from dunoon for a [every two weeks] session and the three of us would go out onto the practice ground whatever the weather .

Fortnightly seminars are held on the following subjects : History of Art , Literature , History , Pronunciation , Italian Cooking , Italian Wines .
[every two weeks] seminars are held on the following subjects : history of art , literature , history , pronunciation , italian cooking , italian wines .

Since it was to be a fortnightly , the best thing was to alternate with the other half of what passed for London 's alternative press , Private Eye .
since it was to be a [every two weeks] , the best thing was to alternate with the other half of what passed for london 's alternative press , private eye .

The fortnightly was ‘ Andrew pretending to be Kleenex .
the [every two weeks] was ‘ andrew pretending to be kleenex .

Stylistically , politically , socially he was out of sync with the fortnightly paper but Oz ‘ was clean , well printed , the complete antithesis of It , which looked like the Wellington Echo from New Zealand .
stylistically , politically , socially he was out of sync with the [every two weeks] paper but oz ‘ was clean , well printed , the complete antithesis of it , which looked like the wellington echo from new zealand .

Elsewhere on the left the International Socialists had , that summer , revamped their fortnightly Labour Worker into , under Roger Protz , the sharper , more Fleet Street , tabloid-oriented Socialist Worker .
elsewhere on the left the international socialists had , that summer , revamped their [every two weeks] labour worker into , under roger protz , the sharper , more fleet street , tabloid-oriented socialist worker .

Instead , he will have a fortnightly visit to Brian Walden on Walden 's weekly interview .
instead , he will have a [every two weeks] visit to brian walden on walden 's weekly interview .

In early 1958 he received a stream of well-placed visitors during his fortnightly trips to the capital .
in early 1958 he received a stream of well-placed visitors during his [every two weeks] trips to the capital .

This consists of fortnightly meetings within each department of the hotel which offer all staff a chance to discuss the way their hotel is run and allows them an opportunity to make suggestions for ways to improve the service they provide .
this consists of [every two weeks] meetings within each department of the hotel which offer all staff a chance to discuss the way their hotel is run and allows them an opportunity to make suggestions for ways to improve the service they provide .

The Guild meets fortnightly and is for the social and spiritual life of ladies within our local community .
the guild meets [every two weeks] and is for the social and spiritual life of ladies within our local community .

Throughout the year the Committee has continued to meet on a fortnightly basis to consider not just those issues referred to above but many others .
throughout the year the committee has continued to meet on a [every two weeks] basis to consider not just those issues referred to above but many others .

The evening sessions of the course will run fortnightly from 4 October 1990 to late March 1991 , with a break over Christmas : all evening sessions will run from 7.30 to 10.00 pm .
the evening sessions of the course will run [every two weeks] from 4 october 1990 to late march 1991 , with a break over christmas : all evening sessions will run from 7.30 to 10.00 pm .

• Feed dahlias fortnightly with a liquid fertiliser to maintain blooms and build up stout tubers .
• feed dahlias [every two weeks] with a liquid fertiliser to maintain blooms and build up stout tubers .

• Feed dahlias fortnightly to build up strong tubers
• feed dahlias [every two weeks] to build up strong tubers

It was this concern which was most evident in a timely article in the Fortnightly Review , in 1922 , which stated that :
it was this concern which was most evident in a timely article in the [every two weeks] review , in 1922 , which stated that :

Repot annually in March or early April and give a weak liquid feed at fortnightly intervals from May to September .
repot annually in march or early april and give a weak liquid feed at [every two weeks] intervals from may to september .

Stop Hinkley Expansion also published its own fortnightly magazine , the Hinkley Inquirer .
stop hinkley expansion also published its own [every two weeks] magazine , the hinkley inquirer .

My thanks are owed to countless sportsmen and women for providing ammunition for my fortnightly meanderings .
my thanks are owed to countless sportsmen and women for providing ammunition for my [every two weeks] meanderings .

Since the age of seventeen , Margaret had regarded her body as a tradeable commodity ; she saw a fortnightly meeting between the sheets with an elderly bookmaker as an investment , a means to an end .
since the age of seventeen , margaret had regarded her body as a tradeable commodity ; she saw a [every two weeks] meeting between the sheets with an elderly bookmaker as an investment , a means to an end .

‘ The Liss Friendly Social Club use the stage fortnightly and the playgroup also use it for their nativity .
‘ the liss friendly social club use the stage [every two weeks] and the playgroup also use it for their nativity .

As it was a special fundraising dance instead of the regularly fortnightly hop , a three-piece band had been brought in to replace the usual stack of gramophone records and there was ‘ real food ’ — fishpaste sandwiches , sausage rolls and cheese and pineapple on sticks — which the ‘ committee ’ had spent the entire afternoon preparing .
as it was a special fundraising dance instead of the regularly [every two weeks] hop , a three-piece band had been brought in to replace the usual stack of gramophone records and there was ‘ real food ’ — fishpaste sandwiches , sausage rolls and cheese and pineapple on sticks — which the ‘ committee ’ had spent the entire afternoon preparing .

This was discussed at length with Janet , after which it was agreed that the therapist would see her for the next 2 months at fortnightly intervals and that no more than one telephone call per week would be acceptable .
this was discussed at length with janet , after which it was agreed that the therapist would see her for the next 2 months at [every two weeks] intervals and that no more than one telephone call per week would be acceptable .

This can be accomplished by weekly or fortnightly review sessions , either with staff members individually , or in a group with other therapists .
this can be accomplished by weekly or [every two weeks] review sessions , either with staff members individually , or in a group with other therapists .

Each member would organize a fortnightly banquet of game and fish he had caught himself .
each member would organize a [every two weeks] banquet of game and fish he had caught himself .

My husband and I are members of our local church and part of a smaller group of Christians who meet fortnightly in each other 's homes .
my husband and i are members of our local church and part of a smaller group of christians who meet [every two weeks] in each other 's homes .

Shaw 's preface ought not to blind the reader to the excellence of Professor Wilson 's treatise. ” A reviewer in The Fortnightly Review said this of the preface : “ It sounds clear , like all that Mr. Shaw writes , yet it is less limpid than the flow of Professor Wilson 's exposition . ”
shaw 's preface ought not to blind the reader to the excellence of professor wilson 's treatise. ” a reviewer in the [every two weeks] review said this of the preface : “ it sounds clear , like all that mr. shaw writes , yet it is less limpid than the flow of professor wilson 's exposition . ”

