He was convicted and fined £40 plus £65 costs , with 28 days imprisonment if the money was not produced forthwith .
he was convicted and fined £40 plus £65 costs , with 28 days imprisonment if the money was not produced [now/immediately] .

Edouard tasted some of these thin sour wines with disgust , and gave orders that the entire cellar stock be jettisoned forthwith .
edouard tasted some of these thin sour wines with disgust , and gave orders that the entire cellar stock be jettisoned [now/immediately] .

Dunbar should be replaced forthwith as Chief Warden , a suggestion which met with no opposition .
dunbar should be replaced [now/immediately] as chief warden , a suggestion which met with no opposition .

That evening at supper Dunbar came to them and abruptly , without preamble , announced that he would take over the keepership of Berwick Castle forthwith .
that evening at supper dunbar came to them and abruptly , without preamble , announced that he would take over the keepership of berwick castle [now/immediately] .

With young Moray 's and the Steward 's help , Ramsay persuaded him not to wait any longer for the arrival of the Earl of Sutherland 's and the Ross levies , but to march for the Border forthwith .
with young moray 's and the steward 's help , ramsay persuaded him not to wait any longer for the arrival of the earl of sutherland 's and the ross levies , but to march for the border [now/immediately] .

He wrote her a brief note merely saying he had had to go home owing to illness and had found , on his return , that he was to report forthwith to the War Office .
he wrote her a brief note merely saying he had had to go home owing to illness and had found , on his return , that he was to report [now/immediately] to the war office .

In the normal way a fraternity held an annual social function , after its festival mass , to collect the stock which was forthwith paid over to the churchwardens , less any sum retained for guild purposes .
in the normal way a fraternity held an annual social function , after its festival mass , to collect the stock which was [now/immediately] paid over to the churchwardens , less any sum retained for guild purposes .

He was told to ask the tenant farmer , Mr. Blyth , to remove the horse forthwith . )
he was told to ask the tenant farmer , mr. blyth , to remove the horse [now/immediately] . )

The deaths of casuals or sudden or accidental deaths occurring among the inmates had to be reported by him to the Minister within twenty-four hours , and he had ‘ forthwith ’ to inform the master of every case of serious or dangerous illness in the institution .
the deaths of casuals or sudden or accidental deaths occurring among the inmates had to be reported by him to the minister within twenty-four hours , and he had ‘ [now/immediately] ’ to inform the master of every case of serious or dangerous illness in the institution .

But attempts to convince us that the eating of meat and fish is an evil invasion of the inalienable rights of animals and that it should cease forthwith are a sham .
but attempts to convince us that the eating of meat and fish is an evil invasion of the inalienable rights of animals and that it should cease [now/immediately] are a sham .

But calling something a science does not guarantee that its practitioners forthwith cease to be attracted to the same specious accounts of what it is to communicate to which the rest of us are attracted when we try to say what communicating is .
but calling something a science does not guarantee that its practitioners [now/immediately] cease to be attracted to the same specious accounts of what it is to communicate to which the rest of us are attracted when we try to say what communicating is .

6.2 Notwithstanding any provisions herein contained this Agreement may be terminated forthwith by either party by notice in writing from the party not at fault if any of the following events shall occur , ie :
6.2 notwithstanding any provisions herein contained this agreement may be terminated [now/immediately] by either party by notice in writing from the party not at fault if any of the following events shall occur , ie :

If any such event referred to in this Sub-Clause shall occur , termination shall become effective forthwith or on the date set forth in such notice .
if any such event referred to in this sub-clause shall occur , termination shall become effective [now/immediately] or on the date set forth in such notice .

to notify the Publisher forthwith in the event of any change in its control or ownership arising directly or indirectly
to notify the publisher [now/immediately] in the event of any change in its control or ownership arising directly or indirectly

5.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate this Agreement forthwith in the event of any breach of the terms of this Agreement by either party which terms shall include :
5.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate this agreement [now/immediately] in the event of any breach of the terms of this agreement by either party which terms shall include :

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the agreement [now/immediately] in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the agreement [now/immediately] in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :

8.1 In the event that the Secretary of State shall reject the Proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed Party in the Project or if the Grant Offer Letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the Parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the Project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the Proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each Party shall be entitled to require each other Party forthwith to deliver up and return to it all Technical Information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the Proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other Parties or any of its Related companies .
8.1 in the event that the secretary of state shall reject the proposal either generally or as respects the proposed funding or participation of any proposed party in the project or if the grant offer letter shall not have been issued and accepted by the parties within six months of the date of execution hereof , then upon such rejection or the expiration of such six month period the project shall , unless otherwise agreed , be deemed abandoned , the proposal shall be withdrawn and any rights hereunder shall be deemed to have been terminated and each party shall be entitled to require each other party [now/immediately] to deliver up and return to it all technical information and all other information supplied by it in connection with the proposal together with all copies thereof in any form in the possession of such other parties or any of its related companies .

9.2 If either party shall become aware of any infringement or threatened infringement by third parties or any rights of the other under this Agreement , that party shall forthwith notify the other .
9.2 if either party shall become aware of any infringement or threatened infringement by third parties or any rights of the other under this agreement , that party shall [now/immediately] notify the other .

6.2 Either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the Agreement forthwith in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :
6.2 either party shall be entitled on written notice to the other to terminate the agreement [now/immediately] in the event of any substantial breach by either party which shall include :

‘ She is to join us forthwith , ’ explained Elizabeth Woodville .
‘ she is to join us [now/immediately] , ’ explained elizabeth woodville .

‘ The prince will leave forthwith with yourself , ’ the queen-dowager told him .
‘ the prince will leave [now/immediately] with yourself , ’ the queen-dowager told him .

Fearing her correspondence would otherwise be intercepted , the queen-dowager had entrusted it to the care of Cardinal Bourchier — sending it by a trusted servant to the cardinal 's residence , requesting that it be forwarded to her cousin forthwith .
fearing her correspondence would otherwise be intercepted , the queen-dowager had entrusted it to the care of cardinal bourchier — sending it by a trusted servant to the cardinal 's residence , requesting that it be forwarded to her cousin [now/immediately] .

By now Radical in name only , the party found its ambitions satisfied by the mere arrival of a Republic ; forthwith it began to offer a refuge to former monarchists and adopt increasingly conservative positions on social issues .
by now radical in name only , the party found its ambitions satisfied by the mere arrival of a republic ; [now/immediately] it began to offer a refuge to former monarchists and adopt increasingly conservative positions on social issues .

Whereupon he would be enrolled forthwith in the Tenth Company , of tyro Marines .
whereupon he would be enrolled [now/immediately] in the tenth company , of tyro marines .

It is one thing to leave sociological analysis and instead read a poem ; it is quite another to leave socio-cultural analysis and forthwith adopt a socio-cultural category whose forms and terms ought , precisely , to be the object of analysis .
it is one thing to leave sociological analysis and instead read a poem ; it is quite another to leave socio-cultural analysis and [now/immediately] adopt a socio-cultural category whose forms and terms ought , precisely , to be the object of analysis .

The last remnant of Birmingham Heath was enclosed in 1799 , and was built over forthwith with eight new streets .
the last remnant of birmingham heath was enclosed in 1799 , and was built over [now/immediately] with eight new streets .

The following practices have been noted and should cease forthwith : Missiles thrown at the police should not be picked up and thrown back as once the missile has hit the ground it is deemed ‘ out of play ’ .
the following practices have been noted and should cease [now/immediately] : missiles thrown at the police should not be picked up and thrown back as once the missile has hit the ground it is deemed ‘ out of play ’ .

( 2 ) The Director may by notice in writing require the person whose affairs are to be investigated ( ‘ the person under investigation ’ ) or any other person whom he has reason to believe has relevant information to answer questions or otherwise furnish information with respect to any matter relevant to the investigation at a specified place and either at a specified time or forthwith .
( 2 ) the director may by notice in writing require the person whose affairs are to be investigated ( ‘ the person under investigation ’ ) or any other person whom he has reason to believe has relevant information to answer questions or otherwise furnish information with respect to any matter relevant to the investigation at a specified place and either at a specified time or [now/immediately] .

( 3 ) The Director may by notice in writing require the person under investigation or any other person to produce at such place as may be specified in the notice and either forthwith or at such time as may be so specified any specified documents which appear to the Director to relate to any matter relevant to the investigation or any documents of a specified description which appear to him so to relate ; and — ( a ) if any such documents are produced , the Director may — ( i ) take copies or extracts from them ; ( ii ) require the person producing them to provide an explanation of any of them ; ( b ) if any such documents are not produced , the Director may require the person who was required to produce them to state , to the best of his knowledge and belief , where they are .
( 3 ) the director may by notice in writing require the person under investigation or any other person to produce at such place as may be specified in the notice and either [now/immediately] or at such time as may be so specified any specified documents which appear to the director to relate to any matter relevant to the investigation or any documents of a specified description which appear to him so to relate ; and — ( a ) if any such documents are produced , the director may — ( i ) take copies or extracts from them ; ( ii ) require the person producing them to provide an explanation of any of them ; ( b ) if any such documents are not produced , the director may require the person who was required to produce them to state , to the best of his knowledge and belief , where they are .

The second reason is that an appeal triggers a reconsideration of the case by an adjudication officer , who may revise the decision in the claimant 's favour forthwith .
the second reason is that an appeal triggers a reconsideration of the case by an adjudication officer , who may revise the decision in the claimant 's favour [now/immediately] .

‘ Where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .
‘ where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child [now/immediately] .

Accordingly article 12 comes into operation and renders it mandatory for the court to order the return of the child forthwith .
accordingly article 12 comes into operation and renders it mandatory for the court to order the return of the child [now/immediately] .

There would be a danger that although the authority reasonably suspected goods were dangerous , they would feel bound to delay serving a notice until they consulted the trader , whereas , without a duty to consult , they would have served forthwith .
there would be a danger that although the authority reasonably suspected goods were dangerous , they would feel bound to delay serving a notice until they consulted the trader , whereas , without a duty to consult , they would have served [now/immediately] .

‘ Where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith .
‘ where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of article 3 and , at the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the contracting state where the child is , a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention , the authority concerned shall order the return of the child [now/immediately] .

‘ The Bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the Bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him forthwith with such information , or to produce to him forthwith such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the Bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this Act .
‘ the bank may — ( a ) by notice in writing served on an authorised institution require it to produce , within such time and at such place as may be specified in the notice , such document or documents of such description as may be so specified ; ( b ) authorise an officer , servant or agent of the bank , on producing evidence of his authority , to require any such institution to provide him [now/immediately] with such information , or to produce to him [now/immediately] such documents , as he may specify , being such information or documents as the bank may reasonably require for the performance of its functions under this act .

‘ 143(1) On an application for an order under section 18 of the Act made in respect of proceedings in the Supreme Court ( except proceedings on appeal from a county court ) or in the House of Lords , the court shall not make an order forthwith , but may in its discretion — ( a ) refer the application to a master or registrar for hearing and determination ; or ( b ) adjourn the hearing of the application ; or ( c ) dismiss the application … ’
‘ 143(1) on an application for an order under section 18 of the act made in respect of proceedings in the supreme court ( except proceedings on appeal from a county court ) or in the house of lords , the court shall not make an order [now/immediately] , but may in its discretion — ( a ) refer the application to a master or registrar for hearing and determination ; or ( b ) adjourn the hearing of the application ; or ( c ) dismiss the application … ’

‘ save that it can be required by Matlodge [ the purchaser ] to give possession on not less than one quarter 's notice in writing upon Matlodge certifying that it is ready at the expiration of such notice forthwith to proceed with the development of the property and the neighbouring property involving , inter alia , the demolition of the property .
‘ save that it can be required by matlodge [ the purchaser ] to give possession on not less than one quarter 's notice in writing upon matlodge certifying that it is ready at the expiration of such notice [now/immediately] to proceed with the development of the property and the neighbouring property involving , inter alia , the demolition of the property .

( 2 ) On the appointment of a trustee , the property shall forthwith pass to and vest in the trustee appointed .
( 2 ) on the appointment of a trustee , the property shall [now/immediately] pass to and vest in the trustee appointed .

One copy of the petition is returned to the debtor endorsed with the hearing date ( if the court does not hear the petition forthwith ) , but if a voluntary arrangement is in force , at least 14 days ' notice of the hearing must be given to the supervisor .
one copy of the petition is returned to the debtor endorsed with the hearing date ( if the court does not hear the petition [now/immediately] ) , but if a voluntary arrangement is in force , at least 14 days ' notice of the hearing must be given to the supervisor .

( 3 ) The council of any district or islands area may from time to time determine whether the district or area shall be divided ( or continue to be divided ) into licensing divisions for the purposes of this Act , and such a council shall , on making a determination under this subsection , forthwith notify the Secretary of State of such determination and cause notice thereof to be published in two successive weeks in one or more newspapers circulating in the district or area .
( 3 ) the council of any district or islands area may from time to time determine whether the district or area shall be divided ( or continue to be divided ) into licensing divisions for the purposes of this act , and such a council shall , on making a determination under this subsection , [now/immediately] notify the secretary of state of such determination and cause notice thereof to be published in two successive weeks in one or more newspapers circulating in the district or area .

( 3 ) On an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .
( 3 ) on an application for an order being made under subsection ( 1 ) above by any club , the sheriff clerk shall [now/immediately] give notice thereof to the chief constable who may , within 21 days of the date of the receipt by him of such notice , lodge with the sheriff clerk objections to the making of such order on the ground that one or more of the conditions set out in subsection ( 2 ) above has not or have not been satisfied in relation to the club , and shall , on lodging any such objections , send a copy thereof to the secretary of the club ; and if any such objections are lodged and not withdrawn , the sheriff shall , as soon as may be , hear parties upon the application and objections and may order such enquiry as he thinks fit , and shall thereafter make or refuse to make the order applied for , and may award expenses against the unsuccessful party .

The Cairo Summit in 1964 described foreign bases more forcibly as ‘ a threat to freedom and international peace ’ , strongly condemned the ‘ expressed intention of imperialist powers to establish bases in the Indian Ocean ’ , and called upon ‘ all states maintaining troops and bases in other countries to remove them forthwith ’ .
the cairo summit in 1964 described foreign bases more forcibly as ‘ a threat to freedom and international peace ’ , strongly condemned the ‘ expressed intention of imperialist powers to establish bases in the indian ocean ’ , and called upon ‘ all states maintaining troops and bases in other countries to remove them [now/immediately] ’ .

He or she must also make any capital contribution , which is normally payable forthwith , and pay the first instalment of any contribution from income , so that the whole sum will be paid off within 12 months .
he or she must also make any capital contribution , which is normally payable [now/immediately] , and pay the first instalment of any contribution from income , so that the whole sum will be paid off within 12 months .

It is then printed and on publication goes to the House of Lords either for information ( in which case the scrutiny reserve is lifted forthwith ) or for debate ( when the reserve remains until the debate takes place ) .
it is then printed and on publication goes to the house of lords either for information ( in which case the scrutiny reserve is lifted [now/immediately] ) or for debate ( when the reserve remains until the debate takes place ) .

If the woman forthwith submits because she is terrified , would this be rape or would the threat be regarded as insufficiently immediate ?
if the woman [now/immediately] submits because she is terrified , would this be rape or would the threat be regarded as insufficiently immediate ?

2.2 Subject to all Landlord 's Approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the Landlord shall forthwith apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the Landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the Landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the Works :
2.2 subject to all landlord 's approvals and all other consents being obtained ( which the landlord shall [now/immediately] apply for and obtain with all due expedition ) and continuing in force ( which continuation in force the landlord shall use its best endeavours to ensure is maintained ) the landlord shall entirely at its own expense in all respects immediately proceed diligently to carry out and complete the works :

2.6 The Landlord shall forthwith investigate the matters contained in the Defects Notice and shall at its own expense remedy or procure the remedying of such matters within [ 7 ] days of the service of the Defects Notice by the Tenant
2.6 the landlord shall [now/immediately] investigate the matters contained in the defects notice and shall at its own expense remedy or procure the remedying of such matters within [ 7 ] days of the service of the defects notice by the tenant

Notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the Lease nothing in this agreement shall release the Landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the Works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the Landlord by the Tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the Landlord shall forthwith take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition
notwithstanding anything herein contained or the completion of the lease nothing in this agreement shall release the landlord from any liability in respect of defects appearing in the works due to bad or faulty workmanship or design or materials provided notice of the same shall have been given to the landlord by the tenant or its successors in title before the expiration of the period of [ 6 ] years from the date hereof and upon receipt of such notice the landlord shall [now/immediately] take such action as may be necessary to remedy the defects at its own expense with all possible expedition

In the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the Site or the Premises or any part of the Site or the Premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent Surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
in the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the site or the premises or any part of the site or the premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement [now/immediately] by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party

9.20 Limitation on liability Before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional proviso : On an assignment of this Lease in pursuance of the Landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the Landlord shall forthwith at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this Lease in such form as the Landlord shall reasonably require Although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .
9.20 limitation on liability before leaving the provisos it may be worthwhile to include the following additional proviso : on an assignment of this lease in pursuance of the landlord 's licence authorising the assignment the landlord shall [now/immediately] at the assignor 's cost release the assignor from its future liability under this lease in such form as the landlord shall reasonably require although this is unlikely to find favour with the landlord , it should perhaps be considered having regard to a recession and the outcry from tenants who , having assigned their leases , are being called upon to pay accumulating back rents as a result of the insolvency of the current tenant .

If the title is registered it still is n't essential to register the devolution , because personal representatives can deal with a registered title without themselves being first registered as proprietors ; but if the property is not to be disposed of forthwith , either on sale or by a vesting assent , it 's desirable to register the devolution to the personal representatives as soon as practicable .
if the title is registered it still is n't essential to register the devolution , because personal representatives can deal with a registered title without themselves being first registered as proprietors ; but if the property is not to be disposed of [now/immediately] , either on sale or by a vesting assent , it 's desirable to register the devolution to the personal representatives as soon as practicable .

The following , recommended by the Law Society , is now widely used : In consideration of you today completing the purchase of we hereby undertake forthwith to pay over to Building Society the money required to redeem the mortgage/legal charge dated and to forward the redeemed mortgage/legal charge to you as soon as it is received by us from the Building Society .
the following , recommended by the law society , is now widely used : in consideration of you today completing the purchase of we hereby undertake [now/immediately] to pay over to building society the money required to redeem the mortgage/legal charge dated and to forward the redeemed mortgage/legal charge to you as soon as it is received by us from the building society .

Section 739 ( 2 ) reads as follows : Where by virtue or in consequence of any such transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , such an individual has , within the meaning of this section , power to enjoy , whether forthwith or in the future , any income of a person resident or domiciled outside the United Kingdom which , if it were income of that individual received by him in the United Kingdom … would be chargeable to income tax by deduction or otherwise , that income shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the Income Tax Acts .
section 739 ( 2 ) reads as follows : where by virtue or in consequence of any such transfer , either alone or in conjunction with associated operations , such an individual has , within the meaning of this section , power to enjoy , whether [now/immediately] or in the future , any income of a person resident or domiciled outside the united kingdom which , if it were income of that individual received by him in the united kingdom … would be chargeable to income tax by deduction or otherwise , that income shall , whether it would or would not have been chargeable to income tax apart from the provisions of this section , be deemed to be income of that individual for all purposes of the income tax acts .

" Has within the meaning of this section , power to enjoy , whether forthwith or in the future , any income "
" has within the meaning of this section , power to enjoy , whether [now/immediately] or in the future , any income "

Costs forthwith order
costs [now/immediately] order

This ‘ wasting asset ’ has received much criticism , and the Environment Committee , in its 1987 report , recommended that resources be provided ‘ forthwith ’ for a speeding up of the programme .
this ‘ wasting asset ’ has received much criticism , and the environment committee , in its 1987 report , recommended that resources be provided ‘ [now/immediately] ’ for a speeding up of the programme .

Where partners sue or are sued in a firm name , the partners shall on demand in writing by any other party , forthwith deliver , and file a statement , of the names and places of residence of all the persons who were partners when the cause of action arose ( Ord 5 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) .
where partners sue or are sued in a firm name , the partners shall on demand in writing by any other party , [now/immediately] deliver , and file a statement , of the names and places of residence of all the persons who were partners when the cause of action arose ( ord 5 , r 9 ( 2 ) ) .

Section 137 of the 1984 Act provides that `` every lessee to whom there is delivered any summons issued from a county court for the recovery of land held by him … shall forthwith give notice to his lessor … if a lessee fails to give notice he shall be liable to forfeit to the person of whom he hold the land an amount equal to three years improved rent of the land `` .
section 137 of the 1984 act provides that `` every lessee to whom there is delivered any summons issued from a county court for the recovery of land held by him … shall [now/immediately] give notice to his lessor … if a lessee fails to give notice he shall be liable to forfeit to the person of whom he hold the land an amount equal to three years improved rent of the land `` .

Order 9 , r 6 applies if the defendant in a default action : ( 1 ) does not within 14 days after service of the summons on him , pay to the plaintiff the total amount of the claim and costs on the summons ; or ( 2 ) delivers an admission of the whole of the plaintiff 's claim unaccompanied by a counterclaim or a request for time for payment , or ( 3 ) does not deliver an admission of part of the plaintiff 's claim , a defence or counterclaim , the plaintiff may on filing a request for judgment , and certifying that defendant has not sent any reply to the summons , and stating what payments , if any , have been made , have judgment entered , either for payment forthwith or at such times as plaintiff may specify .
order 9 , r 6 applies if the defendant in a default action : ( 1 ) does not within 14 days after service of the summons on him , pay to the plaintiff the total amount of the claim and costs on the summons ; or ( 2 ) delivers an admission of the whole of the plaintiff 's claim unaccompanied by a counterclaim or a request for time for payment , or ( 3 ) does not deliver an admission of part of the plaintiff 's claim , a defence or counterclaim , the plaintiff may on filing a request for judgment , and certifying that defendant has not sent any reply to the summons , and stating what payments , if any , have been made , have judgment entered , either for payment [now/immediately] or at such times as plaintiff may specify .

Where the application is made to the district judge he may , if in doubt as to the proper order to be made , refer the application to the judge forthwith or at the next convenient opportunity , and the judge may hear the application and make such order as may be just or may refer it back to the district judge with directions .
where the application is made to the district judge he may , if in doubt as to the proper order to be made , refer the application to the judge [now/immediately] or at the next convenient opportunity , and the judge may hear the application and make such order as may be just or may refer it back to the district judge with directions .

Queen 's Bench Masters ' Practice Direction of 25 March , 1988 requires that where an order is made transferring an action from the Queen 's Bench Division to a county court , the party having carriage of the order by himself or his solicitor shall forthwith produce at the Filing Department of the Central Office the order transferring the action and shall file : ( 1 ) a copy of the order transferring the action ; ( 2 ) a statement of the names and addresses of the parties and of their solicitors ; ( 3 ) copies of any pleadings served ; ( 4 ) if he is the plaintiff and has not served a statement of claim , particulars of his claim together with a copy for each defendant ; ( 5 ) if he is the defendant and only a counterclaim is transferred and no counterclaim has been served , particulars of the counterclaim together with a copy for the plaintiff ; ( 6 ) where money has been paid into court , a copy of the notice of payment into court ; ( 7 ) a statement of the index numbers of any affidavits filed .
queen 's bench masters ' practice direction of 25 march , 1988 requires that where an order is made transferring an action from the queen 's bench division to a county court , the party having carriage of the order by himself or his solicitor shall [now/immediately] produce at the filing department of the central office the order transferring the action and shall file : ( 1 ) a copy of the order transferring the action ; ( 2 ) a statement of the names and addresses of the parties and of their solicitors ; ( 3 ) copies of any pleadings served ; ( 4 ) if he is the plaintiff and has not served a statement of claim , particulars of his claim together with a copy for each defendant ; ( 5 ) if he is the defendant and only a counterclaim is transferred and no counterclaim has been served , particulars of the counterclaim together with a copy for the plaintiff ; ( 6 ) where money has been paid into court , a copy of the notice of payment into court ; ( 7 ) a statement of the index numbers of any affidavits filed .

The court may order payment in one sum forthwith or on a fixed day ( s 71 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the 1984 Act ) .
the court may order payment in one sum [now/immediately] or on a fixed day ( s 71 ( 1 ) ( a ) of the 1984 act ) .

All jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds and gauges manufactured or supplied by you for us in connection with this order shall become our property and shall be retained by you until disposal instructions are given by us to you which instructions shall be complied with forthwith .
all jigs , tools , dies , patterns , moulds and gauges manufactured or supplied by you for us in connection with this order shall become our property and shall be retained by you until disposal instructions are given by us to you which instructions shall be complied with [now/immediately] .

7.2 If the Supplier shall become substantially unable , whether for reasons within or beyond its control , to fulfil its obligations to supply the Products to the Company in accordance with any purchase orders outstanding at any time and , ( after the Company has notified the Supplier in writing of such default ) the Supplier shall not have remedied the same within a period of 90 days from the receipt of such notice , then the Company shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement forthwith , and obtain supplies of the Products from third parties .
7.2 if the supplier shall become substantially unable , whether for reasons within or beyond its control , to fulfil its obligations to supply the products to the company in accordance with any purchase orders outstanding at any time and , ( after the company has notified the supplier in writing of such default ) the supplier shall not have remedied the same within a period of 90 days from the receipt of such notice , then the company shall be entitled to terminate this agreement [now/immediately] , and obtain supplies of the products from third parties .

( b ) There is no fact or matter concerning the proposed business or affairs of the Company nor any fact or matter relating to the financial forecasts which is or may be material for disclosure to any intending subscriber for shares in the Company which has not been disclosed to the Investors and any such fact or matter arising prior to Completion of this agreement will forthwith be disclosed to the Investors .
( b ) there is no fact or matter concerning the proposed business or affairs of the company nor any fact or matter relating to the financial forecasts which is or may be material for disclosure to any intending subscriber for shares in the company which has not been disclosed to the investors and any such fact or matter arising prior to completion of this agreement will [now/immediately] be disclosed to the investors .

For example : In the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the Company on the date of the adoption of these Articles ( `` the Acquiring Member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued Ordinary Share Capital of the Company after the date of adoption of these Articles he shall forthwith be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the Ordinary Share Capital of the Company at a price per share ( `` the Acquisition Price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the Acquiring Member for such shares in the Company acquired by him .
for example : in the event that any person or persons who was or were not a member or members of the company on the date of the adoption of these articles ( `` the acquiring member `` ) either alone or in concert ( as such expression is defined in the city code on takeovers and mergers ) with any other person ( s ) , shall become beneficially entitled to more than [ 50 ] % of the issued ordinary share capital of the company after the date of adoption of these articles he shall [now/immediately] be required to serve notice on each of the holders of the ordinary share capital of the company that he is so beneficially entitled and shall thereupon be bound to offer to purchase the remaining shares in the ordinary share capital of the company at a price per share ( `` the acquisition price `` ) equal to the highest price per share paid by the acquiring member for such shares in the company acquired by him .

Philip Hardwick , the Goldsmiths ' surveyor , was appointed architect on 18th February ; on 18th March Hoyle 's death was reported to London , and duly regretted ; on 27th March the transfer of property was ordered to be carried out forthwith , and the Rev .
philip hardwick , the goldsmiths ' surveyor , was appointed architect on 18th february ; on 18th march hoyle 's death was reported to london , and duly regretted ; on 27th march the transfer of property was ordered to be carried out [now/immediately] , and the rev .

But the gentler Glackens agreed to consult and Barnes forthwith packed him off to Europe , $ 20,000 in hand , to buy pictures for him .
but the gentler glackens agreed to consult and barnes [now/immediately] packed him off to europe , $ 20,000 in hand , to buy pictures for him .

That this House believes that the death penalty for murder no longer accords with the needs or the true interests of a civilised society , and calls upon Her Majesty 's Government to introduce forthwith legislation for its abolition or for its suspension for an experimental period .
that this house believes that the death penalty for murder no longer accords with the needs or the true interests of a civilised society , and calls upon her majesty 's government to introduce [now/immediately] legislation for its abolition or for its suspension for an experimental period .

Should they digress they would be asked to find other accommodation forthwith .
should they digress they would be asked to find other accommodation [now/immediately] .

If a Request is sent to an authority which is not competent to execute it , it must be sent forthwith to the correct authority , either by the former authority direct , or by the Central Authority .
if a request is sent to an authority which is not competent to execute it , it must be sent [now/immediately] to the correct authority , either by the former authority direct , or by the central authority .

We also reserve the right to cancel this policy forthwith in the event of non-payment of the premium or default by you under any instalment scheme or linked credit transaction .
we also reserve the right to cancel this policy [now/immediately] in the event of non-payment of the premium or default by you under any instalment scheme or linked credit transaction .

We also reserve the right to cancel this policy forthwith in the event of non-payment of the premium or default by you under any instalment scheme or linked credit transaction .
we also reserve the right to cancel this policy [now/immediately] in the event of non-payment of the premium or default by you under any instalment scheme or linked credit transaction .

The Corporation also reserves the right to cancel the policy forthwith in the event of non-payment of the premium or default by the Policyholder under any instalment scheme or linked credit transaction .
the corporation also reserves the right to cancel the policy [now/immediately] in the event of non-payment of the premium or default by the policyholder under any instalment scheme or linked credit transaction .

The Policyholder shall be allowed to have any reasonable repairs commenced without prior notice to the Corporation subject to the Corporation being supplied forthwith with a detailed estimate in such form as may be required but otherwise the Policyholder shall not incur any expense in making good any damage without the authority in writing of the Corporation .
the policyholder shall be allowed to have any reasonable repairs commenced without prior notice to the corporation subject to the corporation being supplied [now/immediately] with a detailed estimate in such form as may be required but otherwise the policyholder shall not incur any expense in making good any damage without the authority in writing of the corporation .

She immediately wrote a brief congratulatory note , insisting that the waiter convey it forthwith to the chef de cuisine himself .
she immediately wrote a brief congratulatory note , insisting that the waiter convey it [now/immediately] to the chef de cuisine himself .

It is important that you remedy this matter and return the Form 66 to me forthwith .
it is important that you remedy this matter and return the form 66 to me [now/immediately] .

The new minister , Admiral Putiatin , acted on the programme forthwith .
the new minister , admiral putiatin , acted on the programme [now/immediately] .

If the Purchaser shall be in receipt of any claim , or any fact or circumstance comes to the notice of the Purchaser which might constitute or give rise to a liability pursuant to any of the warranties the Purchaser shall forthwith notify the Vendor giving full details so far as practicable and shall not make any admission of liability or settle or comprise any such claim without the prior written consent of the Vendor such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ( subject to being indemnified and secured to its reasonable satisfaction against all costs and expenses incurred or for which it may become liable ) ;
if the purchaser shall be in receipt of any claim , or any fact or circumstance comes to the notice of the purchaser which might constitute or give rise to a liability pursuant to any of the warranties the purchaser shall [now/immediately] notify the vendor giving full details so far as practicable and shall not make any admission of liability or settle or comprise any such claim without the prior written consent of the vendor such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed ( subject to being indemnified and secured to its reasonable satisfaction against all costs and expenses incurred or for which it may become liable ) ;

‘ That the rate of interest on new offers of advance made on the security of private dwellings ( occupied solely by the owner and members of his family ) be 11 per cent per annum forthwith . ’
‘ that the rate of interest on new offers of advance made on the security of private dwellings ( occupied solely by the owner and members of his family ) be 11 per cent per annum [now/immediately] . ’

’ Sir Nicholas added : ‘ These people should be brought home forthwith .
’ sir nicholas added : ‘ these people should be brought home [now/immediately] .

( 8 ) Where the prospective parliamentary candidate has been selected and subsequently intimates his or her intention not to stand for parliament in the constituency as the Labour Party candidate at the next election , the procedure set out in section ( 3 ) of this clause shall ( subject to section ( 4 ) of this clause ) be forthwith set in motion again .
( 8 ) where the prospective parliamentary candidate has been selected and subsequently intimates his or her intention not to stand for parliament in the constituency as the labour party candidate at the next election , the procedure set out in section ( 3 ) of this clause shall ( subject to section ( 4 ) of this clause ) be [now/immediately] set in motion again .

Theda had gone down to the housekeeper , tight-lipped and curt , to ask that these things be remedied forthwith .
theda had gone down to the housekeeper , tight-lipped and curt , to ask that these things be remedied [now/immediately] .

Bernard took the matter of the offending questionnaire to the union forthwith : the local dispute quickly turned national : Bernard spoke to the press , rallied his colleagues ; but alas , all too many wanted no more than a quiet life : Bernard confided that sometimes he had to eat alone in the staff dining room .
bernard took the matter of the offending questionnaire to the union [now/immediately] : the local dispute quickly turned national : bernard spoke to the press , rallied his colleagues ; but alas , all too many wanted no more than a quiet life : bernard confided that sometimes he had to eat alone in the staff dining room .

Motion made , and Question put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No .
motion made , and question put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no .

Question , That the proposed words be there added , put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No. 30 ( Questions on amendments ) , and agreed to .
question , that the proposed words be there added , put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no. 30 ( questions on amendments ) , and agreed to .

Mr. Speaker — forthwith declared the main Question , as amended , to be agreed to .
mr. speaker — [now/immediately] declared the main question , as amended , to be agreed to .

Motion made , and Question put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No .
motion made , and question put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no .

Motion made , and Question put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No .
motion made , and question put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no .

Motion made , and Question put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No 101 ( 5 ) ( Standing Committees on Statutory Instruments , & c . )
motion made , and question put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no 101 ( 5 ) ( standing committees on statutory instruments , & c . )

Motion made , and Quesition put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No 101 ( 5 ) ( Standing Committees on Statutory Instruments , & c . )
motion made , and quesition put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no 101 ( 5 ) ( standing committees on statutory instruments , & c . )

Motion made , and Question put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No 101 ( 5 ) ( Standing Committees on Statutory Instruments , & c . )
motion made , and question put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no 101 ( 5 ) ( standing committees on statutory instruments , & c . )

Motion made , and Question put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No .
motion made , and question put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no .

One way of dealing with it , without waiting for the royal commission report , is by starting to video all such interviews forthwith .
one way of dealing with it , without waiting for the royal commission report , is by starting to video all such interviews [now/immediately] .

The Government should freeze supplies of military equipment and aid to the Indonesians forthwith .
the government should freeze supplies of military equipment and aid to the indonesians [now/immediately] .

Is the Minister aware that it is not true that there have been no notifications of dumping in the past six months ? Is he aware of the work that the Scottish Knitwear Council has been doing with departmental officials showing that in 1990 a total of 123,000 knitted garments in cashmere coming from China were dumped over the quota agreed ? What action is the Department taking to seek compensation and redress so that the overshipments in 1991 and this year are stopped forthwith ?
is the minister aware that it is not true that there have been no notifications of dumping in the past six months ? is he aware of the work that the scottish knitwear council has been doing with departmental officials showing that in 1990 a total of 123,000 knitted garments in cashmere coming from china were dumped over the quota agreed ? what action is the department taking to seek compensation and redress so that the overshipments in 1991 and this year are stopped [now/immediately] ?

Motion made , and Question put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No .
motion made , and question put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no .

No dilatory Motion with respect to , or in the course of , proceedings on the Bill shall be moved in the Standing Committee or on an allotted day except by a member of the Government , and the Question on any such Motion shall be put forthwith .
no dilatory motion with respect to , or in the course of , proceedings on the bill shall be moved in the standing committee or on an allotted day except by a member of the government , and the question on any such motion shall be put [now/immediately] .

( 1 ) For the purpose of bringing to a conclusion any proceedings which are to be brought to a conclusion at a time appointed by this Order and which have not previously been brought to a conclusion , the Chairman or Mr. Speaker shall forthwith put the following Questions ( but no others ) —
( 1 ) for the purpose of bringing to a conclusion any proceedings which are to be brought to a conclusion at a time appointed by this order and which have not previously been brought to a conclusion , the chairman or mr. speaker shall [now/immediately] put the following questions ( but no others ) —

( 2 ) On an allotted day no debate shall be permitted on any Motion to recommit the Bill ( whether as a whole or otherwise ) , and Mr. Speaker shall put forthwith any Question necessary to dispose of the Motion , including the Question on any amendment moved to the Question .
( 2 ) on an allotted day no debate shall be permitted on any motion to recommit the bill ( whether as a whole or otherwise ) , and mr. speaker shall put [now/immediately] any question necessary to dispose of the motion , including the question on any amendment moved to the question .

Motion made , and Question put forthwith pursuant to Standing Order No .
motion made , and question put [now/immediately] pursuant to standing order no .

Main Question put forthwith , pursuant to Standing Order No. 60 ( Amendment on Second or Third Reading ) , and agreed to .
main question put [now/immediately] , pursuant to standing order no. 60 ( amendment on second or third reading ) , and agreed to .

Louis and his great men deliberated , and decided : at the summer assembly in July , the Ordinatio Imperii accommodated Lothar 's ambitions by giving him the title of co-emperor forthwith and promising him the whole of Francia on his father 's demise .
louis and his great men deliberated , and decided : at the summer assembly in july , the ordinatio imperii accommodated lothar 's ambitions by giving him the title of co-emperor [now/immediately] and promising him the whole of francia on his father 's demise .

It stressed , however , that no deal had been done , that the move would not divide the coalition ranged against Iraq , and that all remaining hostages should be released forthwith .
it stressed , however , that no deal had been done , that the move would not divide the coalition ranged against iraq , and that all remaining hostages should be released [now/immediately] .

( b ) forthwith of any change :
( b ) [now/immediately] of any change :

( c ) forthwith of any of the occurrences referred to in Rule 9(2) or where a condition referred to in Rule 9(1) ceases to be satisfied .
( c ) [now/immediately] of any of the occurrences referred to in rule 9(2) or where a condition referred to in rule 9(1) ceases to be satisfied .

forthwith on the creation of or the change in the interest concerned .
[now/immediately] on the creation of or the change in the interest concerned .

( 2 ) Forthwith upon receipt of any Transfer Notice the Company shall procure the Auditors for the time being of the Company ( acting as experts and not as arbitrators ) to certify the Prescribed Price .
( 2 ) [now/immediately] upon receipt of any transfer notice the company shall procure the auditors for the time being of the company ( acting as experts and not as arbitrators ) to certify the prescribed price .

Forthwith upon receipt of the certificate as to the Prescribed Price , the Company shall notify the Proposing Transferor thereof .
[now/immediately] upon receipt of the certificate as to the prescribed price , the company shall notify the proposing transferor thereof .

Notice of the passing of any such resolution shall forthwith be given to the Member affected thereby .
notice of the passing of any such resolution shall [now/immediately] be given to the member affected thereby .

Notice of the passing of such resolution shall forthwith be given to the member affected thereby .
notice of the passing of such resolution shall [now/immediately] be given to the member affected thereby .

24 . The office of a Director shall forthwith be vacated : —
24 . the office of a director shall [now/immediately] be vacated : —

forthwith on the creation of or the change in the interest concerned .
[now/immediately] on the creation of or the change in the interest concerned .

( 2 ) Forthwith upon receipt of any Transfer Notice the Company shall procure the Auditors for the time being of the Company ( acting as experts and not as arbitrators ) to certify the Prescribed Price .
( 2 ) [now/immediately] upon receipt of any transfer notice the company shall procure the auditors for the time being of the company ( acting as experts and not as arbitrators ) to certify the prescribed price .

Forthwith upon receipt of the certificate as to the Prescribed Price , the Company shall notify the Proposing Transferor thereof .
[now/immediately] upon receipt of the certificate as to the prescribed price , the company shall notify the proposing transferor thereof .

Notice of the passing of any such resolution shall forthwith be given to the Member affected thereby .
notice of the passing of any such resolution shall [now/immediately] be given to the member affected thereby .

Notice of the passing of such resolution shall forthwith be given to the member affected thereby .
notice of the passing of such resolution shall [now/immediately] be given to the member affected thereby .

24 . The office of a Director shall forthwith be vacated : —
24 . the office of a director shall [now/immediately] be vacated : —

It came as a shock when President Babangida said the associations were rooted in ‘ ethnic and religious bigotry ’ and that all of them would be dissolved forthwith .
it came as a shock when president babangida said the associations were rooted in ‘ ethnic and religious bigotry ’ and that all of them would be dissolved [now/immediately] .

We demand that immediate action be taken to force the plantation owners to cast aside profit and personal interest , and surrender their slaves forthwith !
we demand that immediate action be taken to force the plantation owners to cast aside profit and personal interest , and surrender their slaves [now/immediately] !

She found herself thinking that when she had forced herself to read how and when Oreste had died she would take her sleeping baby and drown both him and herself forthwith .
she found herself thinking that when she had forced herself to read how and when oreste had died she would take her sleeping baby and drown both him and herself [now/immediately] .

Mr Patten is considering his future after rejecting any question of a by-election being created to return him to Westminster forthwith ; he has also so far declined a move to the House of Lords .
mr patten is considering his future after rejecting any question of a by-election being created to return him to westminster [now/immediately] ; he has also so far declined a move to the house of lords .

First of all he picked up my clubs , pronounced them useless and advised me to sell them forthwith .
first of all he picked up my clubs , pronounced them useless and advised me to sell them [now/immediately] .

Just how petty , greedy and self-interested others really are will be made perfectly clear to you during the next few days and your reaction to them may well be to decide to turn off the charm and the money supply forthwith .
just how petty , greedy and self-interested others really are will be made perfectly clear to you during the next few days and your reaction to them may well be to decide to turn off the charm and the money supply [now/immediately] .

These include calling in the fire brigade at the first sign of what they quaintly call ‘ smouldering in senile machinery ’ and ejecting all the customers forthwith , and not opening stations if the required number of staff ( two on the smaller stations ) have failed to turn up .
these include calling in the fire brigade at the first sign of what they quaintly call ‘ smouldering in senile machinery ’ and ejecting all the customers [now/immediately] , and not opening stations if the required number of staff ( two on the smaller stations ) have failed to turn up .

The British forthwith addressed themselves to attempting to cope with the axiom nearer home .
the british [now/immediately] addressed themselves to attempting to cope with the axiom nearer home .

It added that the procedures which have been in force since June 1988 for the screening of Vietnamese arrivals should be suspended forthwith .
it added that the procedures which have been in force since june 1988 for the screening of vietnamese arrivals should be suspended [now/immediately] .

The duty of the police when they arrest without warrant is , no doubt , to be quick to see the possibility of crime , but equally they ought to be anxious to avoid mistaking the innocent for the guilty … They may have to act on the spur of the moment and have no time to reflect and be bound , therefore , to arrest to prevent escape ; but where there is no danger of the person who has ex hypothesi aroused their suspicion that he probably is an ‘ offender ’ attempting to escape , they should make all presently practicable enquiries from persons present or immediately accessible who are likely to be able to answer their enquiries forthwith .
the duty of the police when they arrest without warrant is , no doubt , to be quick to see the possibility of crime , but equally they ought to be anxious to avoid mistaking the innocent for the guilty … they may have to act on the spur of the moment and have no time to reflect and be bound , therefore , to arrest to prevent escape ; but where there is no danger of the person who has ex hypothesi aroused their suspicion that he probably is an ‘ offender ’ attempting to escape , they should make all presently practicable enquiries from persons present or immediately accessible who are likely to be able to answer their enquiries [now/immediately] .

So they returned each to his own country , blessing him for their deliverance , and magnifying his great bounty ; and forthwith they sent him tribute and acknowledged themselves to be his vassals .
so they returned each to his own country , blessing him for their deliverance , and magnifying his great bounty ; and [now/immediately] they sent him tribute and acknowledged themselves to be his vassals .

And forthwith he made a vow in her hands that he would never accompany with her , neither in the desert nor in the inhabited place , till he had won five battles in the field .
and [now/immediately] he made a vow in her hands that he would never accompany with her , neither in the desert nor in the inhabited place , till he had won five battles in the field .

, Punch , Ludgate House , etc , And we will send you that very die forthwith .
, punch , ludgate house , etc , and we will send you that very die [now/immediately] .

If some words are emotionally difficult to form — stay like stones in the throat — a verbal diarrhoea by which every thought and feeling has to be expelled forthwith can be equally uncommunicative .
if some words are emotionally difficult to form — stay like stones in the throat — a verbal diarrhoea by which every thought and feeling has to be expelled [now/immediately] can be equally uncommunicative .

The ‘ Recruit ’ sailed forthwith to the Caribbean to rejoin the Fleet .
the ‘ recruit ’ sailed [now/immediately] to the caribbean to rejoin the fleet .

The first , from the King , summoned him forthwith to Nicosia .
the first , from the king , summoned him [now/immediately] to nicosia .

‘ Forasmuch as the exercise of archery is lawful , laudable , healthful , and innocent and to that end that God 's holy name may not be dishonoured by any of that society , it is agreed … that if any one of them shall that day curse or swear , in the hearing of any of the company … he shall forthwith pay down one shilling … to be distributed by the Captain , to the use of the poor of that place , or township where they shoot . ’
‘ forasmuch as the exercise of archery is lawful , laudable , healthful , and innocent and to that end that god 's holy name may not be dishonoured by any of that society , it is agreed … that if any one of them shall that day curse or swear , in the hearing of any of the company … he shall [now/immediately] pay down one shilling … to be distributed by the captain , to the use of the poor of that place , or township where they shoot . ’

Try the Saloon , ’ advised Susan , and they forthwith entered the dingiest and most depressing room they had ever been inside .
try the saloon , ’ advised susan , and they [now/immediately] entered the dingiest and most depressing room they had ever been inside .

It said that the Commissioners of Works were inviting ‘ architects of all countries ’ to submit designs for the concentration of Government Offices on the site between Whitehall and the Houses of Parliament , and for two buildings , one for the Foreign Office and the other for the War Department , which the ‘ Government have determined to erect forthwith , as parts of a general scheme ’ .
it said that the commissioners of works were inviting ‘ architects of all countries ’ to submit designs for the concentration of government offices on the site between whitehall and the houses of parliament , and for two buildings , one for the foreign office and the other for the war department , which the ‘ government have determined to erect [now/immediately] , as parts of a general scheme ’ .

Shaw wins bravery points for all but calling his newspaper 's publisher , Kathryn Downing , and its editor , Michael Parks , a pair of liars who ought to be sacked forthwith .
shaw wins bravery points for all but calling his newspaper 's publisher , kathryn downing , and its editor , michael parks , a pair of liars who ought to be sacked [now/immediately] .

Forthwith , the ABC spokesperson 's remarks , as scripted by Sports Night contributor Aaron Sorkin :
[now/immediately] , the abc spokesperson 's remarks , as scripted by sports night contributor aaron sorkin :

Forthwith , the results :
[now/immediately] , the results :

No one is suggesting that legislators pack up and go home forthwith .
no one is suggesting that legislators pack up and go home [now/immediately] .

Lawyers ' stand-bys such as aforesaid , forthwith , hereafter , hereby , herein , hereinafter , and even the ubiquitous said are condemned by the author as “ tricky , ducking , bobbing words , ’ “ flabby words , ’ whose only claim to precision is their traditional use , not worth saving .
lawyers ' stand-bys such as aforesaid , [now/immediately] , hereafter , hereby , herein , hereinafter , and even the ubiquitous said are condemned by the author as “ tricky , ducking , bobbing words , ’ “ flabby words , ’ whose only claim to precision is their traditional use , not worth saving .

Our regimental commander used the opportunity to append an order of his own to all company-grade officers to make special efforts “ forthwith ” to eliminate the use of obscene language in their commands .
our regimental commander used the opportunity to append an order of his own to all company-grade officers to make special efforts “ [now/immediately] ” to eliminate the use of obscene language in their commands .

I decided to learn Welsh forthwith , there and then , without more ado .
i decided to learn welsh [now/immediately] , there and then , without more ado .

