His letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant , forthright , and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child , and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor .
his letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant , [direct/honest] , and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child , and with just the right tone of unpatronizing good humor .

For this reason , too , their language is more forthright and earthy .
for this reason , too , their language is more [direct/honest] and earthy .

and in her forthright way , Henrietta , who in her story of Sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which Morris Jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the Corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of Dr. Wise of Hebrew Union College -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything .
and in her [direct/honest] way , henrietta , who in her story of sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which morris jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of dr. wise of hebrew union college -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything .

But at the coroner's inquest Delphine told a forthright story .
but at the coroner's inquest delphine told a [direct/honest] story .

her mother was forthright ; ;
her mother was [direct/honest] ; ;

This was delivered in a forthright way , without coyness and over-pretended interest -- an admirable way with children .
this was delivered in a [direct/honest] way , without coyness and over-pretended interest -- an admirable way with children .

In a forthright publication ‘ Equal Opportunities in Solicitors ’ Firms ’ , firms were urged to reassess their treatment of employees .
in a [direct/honest] publication ‘ equal opportunities in solicitors ’ firms ’ , firms were urged to reassess their treatment of employees .

Dundee United 's manager , Jim McLean , then took typically forthright action to bring the player to his senses , relegating Ferguson to the reserves until he learned to accept the club 's code of discipline .
dundee united 's manager , jim mclean , then took typically [direct/honest] action to bring the player to his senses , relegating ferguson to the reserves until he learned to accept the club 's code of discipline .

Manager Frank Gray perhaps had a point after the game when he said that luck did n't smile kindly on his side , but it must also be said that Quakers did not utilise the strong wind in the same forthright manner as the home side in the first half .
manager frank gray perhaps had a point after the game when he said that luck did n't smile kindly on his side , but it must also be said that quakers did not utilise the strong wind in the same [direct/honest] manner as the home side in the first half .

Industrial dissent may be simmering in the orchestra pit , but the musicians played well enough under their musical director , Robert Dean , who replaced Nicholas McGegan but retained his forthright ( and occasionally cavalier ) approach to tempo and dynamics .
industrial dissent may be simmering in the orchestra pit , but the musicians played well enough under their musical director , robert dean , who replaced nicholas mcgegan but retained his [direct/honest] ( and occasionally cavalier ) approach to tempo and dynamics .

Or the forthright Mayo farmer — obviously a man of taste — who lays into Charlie Haughey for spending millions of pounds on ‘ interpretation centres which none of the locals want ’ when it would be better used in building factories .
or the [direct/honest] mayo farmer — obviously a man of taste — who lays into charlie haughey for spending millions of pounds on ‘ interpretation centres which none of the locals want ’ when it would be better used in building factories .

Nevertheless , she is delightfully forthright , alert and amusing .
nevertheless , she is delightfully [direct/honest] , alert and amusing .

After telling the waiting world that Germans , Americans , Dutch and Scandanavians are most forthright and explicit ; that the Japanese , British Italians and French are the vaguest and most subtle ; and that the British , Americans , Dutch and Scandanavians are most informal and jokey , the guide goes on to warn : ‘ Do n't treat anyone as a stereotype ’ .
after telling the waiting world that germans , americans , dutch and scandanavians are most [direct/honest] and explicit ; that the japanese , british italians and french are the vaguest and most subtle ; and that the british , americans , dutch and scandanavians are most informal and jokey , the guide goes on to warn : ‘ do n't treat anyone as a stereotype ’ .

Howard Wilkinson should prove a forthright leader as chairman .
howard wilkinson should prove a [direct/honest] leader as chairman .

The judge has been very forthright in this er saying that er both sides er should er get round the table and try and find some speedy solution to it .
the judge has been very [direct/honest] in this er saying that er both sides er should er get round the table and try and find some speedy solution to it .

Oh , we 're getting angry men now ? Well let's look at how men have changed . Brenda Thornton , do you think that men have changed very much as a result of the more forthright stance that women have been taking recently ?
oh , we 're getting angry men now ? well let's look at how men have changed . brenda thornton , do you think that men have changed very much as a result of the more [direct/honest] stance that women have been taking recently ?

After Lamb had blown the whistle on the Pakistanis Dexter seemed to want to wash his hands of anything Lamb was doing — suggesting that the Northants captain 's forthright comments would not just end with a fine and a suspension from his County bosses .
after lamb had blown the whistle on the pakistanis dexter seemed to want to wash his hands of anything lamb was doing — suggesting that the northants captain 's [direct/honest] comments would not just end with a fine and a suspension from his county bosses .

Their answers are both forthright and fascinating as they reveal their most private thoughts .
their answers are both [direct/honest] and fascinating as they reveal their most private thoughts .

From time to time , Patrick would come out with a forthright remark about something we were n't actually discussing .
from time to time , patrick would come out with a [direct/honest] remark about something we were n't actually discussing .

Why should he — he has his own career , his own life and he 's pretty forthright on many things — and a very good thing , too .
why should he — he has his own career , his own life and he 's pretty [direct/honest] on many things — and a very good thing , too .

For him , rugby football is an absolute religion , so he goes out and he does his own thing , and my goodness he says some forthright things , too — marvellous !
for him , rugby football is an absolute religion , so he goes out and he does his own thing , and my goodness he says some [direct/honest] things , too — marvellous !

At present , his forthright batting has brought him 4690 Test runs , at the creditable average of 30.26 , with seven centuries .
at present , his [direct/honest] batting has brought him 4690 test runs , at the creditable average of 30.26 , with seven centuries .

Endowed with a formidable creative vigour , untrammeled by the insularity which bedevilled the English art of his day , forthright in his opinions , he expressed them in prose of clarity which had not been equalled by any British painter since Hogarth , whose art and whose personality his own so closely resembled .
endowed with a formidable creative vigour , untrammeled by the insularity which bedevilled the english art of his day , [direct/honest] in his opinions , he expressed them in prose of clarity which had not been equalled by any british painter since hogarth , whose art and whose personality his own so closely resembled .

She has been one of the liveliest , most controversial and forthright MPs at Westminster during her ten years in the House .
she has been one of the liveliest , most controversial and [direct/honest] mps at westminster during her ten years in the house .

The great black migration to the north after the second world war was from a rural existence , classically that of the sharecropper , with rudimentary shelter and clothing ; no health care ; hard farm labour ; exploitative living costs ; little in the way of schooling ; no voting rights ; forthright , accepted and enforced racial discrimination ; and , withal , extreme invisibility .
the great black migration to the north after the second world war was from a rural existence , classically that of the sharecropper , with rudimentary shelter and clothing ; no health care ; hard farm labour ; exploitative living costs ; little in the way of schooling ; no voting rights ; [direct/honest] , accepted and enforced racial discrimination ; and , withal , extreme invisibility .

But we have to look at the larger picture , and welcome here the fact that the jurors of Ventura County did not disguise their true feelings or their forthright acknowledgement of the realities of law enforcement against African-Americans in 1992 .
but we have to look at the larger picture , and welcome here the fact that the jurors of ventura county did not disguise their true feelings or their [direct/honest] acknowledgement of the realities of law enforcement against african-americans in 1992 .

The language of Gerardo 's pleadings is too forthright as well and more than a little familiar : ‘ Imagine what would happen if everyone acted like you did ’ ; ‘ You 're still a prisoner , locked up with them , in that basement .
the language of gerardo 's pleadings is too [direct/honest] as well and more than a little familiar : ‘ imagine what would happen if everyone acted like you did ’ ; ‘ you 're still a prisoner , locked up with them , in that basement .

His autobiography is characteristically forthright and idiosyncratic , reflecting the vision and energy of a man whose innovative ‘ listening therapy ’ has helped to save thousands of lives .
his autobiography is characteristically [direct/honest] and idiosyncratic , reflecting the vision and energy of a man whose innovative ‘ listening therapy ’ has helped to save thousands of lives .

Papers which had hitherto been forthright thus became slavish and sycophantic .
papers which had hitherto been [direct/honest] thus became slavish and sycophantic .

George , the second son , more forthright and readily spoken , was put to selling insurances with an acquaintance of Lessing 's .
george , the second son , more [direct/honest] and readily spoken , was put to selling insurances with an acquaintance of lessing 's .

When it comes to racing etiquette and forthright language , Mario has few equals .
when it comes to racing etiquette and [direct/honest] language , mario has few equals .

Upright , downright and forthright and above all efficient , we felt sure .
upright , downright and [direct/honest] and above all efficient , we felt sure .

While Graeme is certainly a very opinionated and forthright personality , he seemed more aloof from the players to me .
while graeme is certainly a very opinionated and [direct/honest] personality , he seemed more aloof from the players to me .

He had been Dean of Chichester since 1567 , during which time he had succeeded in alienating almost the entire chapter by his forthright attacks on venality , pluralism and spiritual laxity .
he had been dean of chichester since 1567 , during which time he had succeeded in alienating almost the entire chapter by his [direct/honest] attacks on venality , pluralism and spiritual laxity .

One of the book 's strengths is to link values and research in a forthright fashion , and it provides cogent arguments for the ways in which research can directly involve the subjects of the research in an emancipatory manner .
one of the book 's strengths is to link values and research in a [direct/honest] fashion , and it provides cogent arguments for the ways in which research can directly involve the subjects of the research in an emancipatory manner .

‘ All the more reason you be forthright , ’ McGann said .
‘ all the more reason you be [direct/honest] , ’ mcgann said .

Chinese-speaking entrants provided fresh , forthright views on the damaging consequences of the Cultural Revolution .
chinese-speaking entrants provided fresh , [direct/honest] views on the damaging consequences of the cultural revolution .

David will give his forthright views on a number of issues , including the state of the game in this country .
david will give his [direct/honest] views on a number of issues , including the state of the game in this country .

The resulting clash of styles has resulted in a forthright , moody range of sensations certainly capable of setting your teeth on edge , if not grinding away in your sleep .
the resulting clash of styles has resulted in a [direct/honest] , moody range of sensations certainly capable of setting your teeth on edge , if not grinding away in your sleep .

Of course Griffith was not the only preacher and audiences were given films that were quite forthright in their condemnation of social vices .
of course griffith was not the only preacher and audiences were given films that were quite [direct/honest] in their condemnation of social vices .

The electrical power workers , however , did not respond in the forthright way they had done in the general strike of May 1974 .
the electrical power workers , however , did not respond in the [direct/honest] way they had done in the general strike of may 1974 .

The Martians were , if we may venture a fanciful interpretation of their character from the gantries , the dry vats , oubliettes and occluded vaults , the forthright aspect of their stairways , gutters and conduits , as of the famous canals themselves , a serious and resolute people , thorough in their undertakings , not given to digression or frivolity .
the martians were , if we may venture a fanciful interpretation of their character from the gantries , the dry vats , oubliettes and occluded vaults , the [direct/honest] aspect of their stairways , gutters and conduits , as of the famous canals themselves , a serious and resolute people , thorough in their undertakings , not given to digression or frivolity .

Her companions were a married couple , a young man of about thirty , and an elderly , forthright , General 's widow , a Mrs Beeley .
her companions were a married couple , a young man of about thirty , and an elderly , [direct/honest] , general 's widow , a mrs beeley .

Beth 's forthright remarks brought a roar of laughter from the old man .
beth 's [direct/honest] remarks brought a roar of laughter from the old man .

Luther knew that he might search long and hard , from one end of the earth to the other , but he would never find such an incredibly forthright and loyal employee .
luther knew that he might search long and hard , from one end of the earth to the other , but he would never find such an incredibly [direct/honest] and loyal employee .

‘ Well … ’ Beth 's forthright question had taken her by surprise .
‘ well … ’ beth 's [direct/honest] question had taken her by surprise .

What is more , if the introduction is clear , precise , forthright , logical and interesting the reader will remember that initial impression and perhaps forgive any purple or turgid passages which may follow !
what is more , if the introduction is clear , precise , [direct/honest] , logical and interesting the reader will remember that initial impression and perhaps forgive any purple or turgid passages which may follow !

On all but the most fundamental issues , the party line became much less forthright and clear-cut .
on all but the most fundamental issues , the party line became much less [direct/honest] and clear-cut .

, were well briefed and forthright .
, were well briefed and [direct/honest] .

Grigson , writing in The Listener , was equally forthright : he found in Minton 's work interesting prose but not a poetry of interpretation .
grigson , writing in the listener , was equally [direct/honest] : he found in minton 's work interesting prose but not a poetry of interpretation .

Equally forthright is the testimony of Carel Weight who taught with Minton in the Painting School and who took over the Professorship after Rodrigo Moynihan left .
equally [direct/honest] is the testimony of carel weight who taught with minton in the painting school and who took over the professorship after rodrigo moynihan left .

We often say more than we need , perhaps to mark a sense of occasion , or respect ; and we often say less than we need , perhaps to be rude , or blunt , or forthright .
we often say more than we need , perhaps to mark a sense of occasion , or respect ; and we often say less than we need , perhaps to be rude , or blunt , or [direct/honest] .

He was a forthright man who made enemies , but was loved and respected by his friends .
he was a [direct/honest] man who made enemies , but was loved and respected by his friends .

In the forthright style that has helped to earn him his reputation , he said that politicians are sick people , that they have a profound characters fault , and that their main objective is to keep their jobs ( does the later at least not also apply to economists , one might wonder ? ) .
in the [direct/honest] style that has helped to earn him his reputation , he said that politicians are sick people , that they have a profound characters fault , and that their main objective is to keep their jobs ( does the later at least not also apply to economists , one might wonder ? ) .

Now that the Sun is passing through your own birth sign , you are certain to be at your most forthright , purposeful and ready to go into battle at the slightest provocation .
now that the sun is passing through your own birth sign , you are certain to be at your most [direct/honest] , purposeful and ready to go into battle at the slightest provocation .

‘ No , nor never intended to , ’ said Winfrid in his usual forthright fashion .
‘ no , nor never intended to , ’ said winfrid in his usual [direct/honest] fashion .

Rather more forthright was the Report of the Departmental Committee on Garden Cities and Satellite Towns , chaired by Lord Marley .
rather more [direct/honest] was the report of the departmental committee on garden cities and satellite towns , chaired by lord marley .

The language belonged to a forthright , dogmatic man , but it captured the spirit of the time : confidence , determination , a radical zeal for rebuilding .
the language belonged to a [direct/honest] , dogmatic man , but it captured the spirit of the time : confidence , determination , a radical zeal for rebuilding .

Her forthright depictions of female passion made her a target for satire , most notably as Bridgetina Botherim in Memoirs of Modern Philosophers ( 1800–1 ) by Elizabeth Hamilton [ q.v . ]
her [direct/honest] depictions of female passion made her a target for satire , most notably as bridgetina botherim in memoirs of modern philosophers ( 1800–1 ) by elizabeth hamilton [ q.v . ]

The historian was at his best , he maintained , not as an analyst but as ‘ a craftsman of synthesis , a weaver of other men 's threads ( and some of his own ) into patterns which they had not foreseen or even suspected ’ ; and he was forthright in claiming , at a time when it was not fashionable , that the contemporary historian was just as capable of such synthesis as historians of earlier centuries .
the historian was at his best , he maintained , not as an analyst but as ‘ a craftsman of synthesis , a weaver of other men 's threads ( and some of his own ) into patterns which they had not foreseen or even suspected ’ ; and he was [direct/honest] in claiming , at a time when it was not fashionable , that the contemporary historian was just as capable of such synthesis as historians of earlier centuries .

Following an illness , and dismayed at the prospect of remaining a home-bound spinster , she began , when already nearly forty , to travel rough in the then hardly visited Balkans , and she described her experiences in a series of vivid and forthright books .
following an illness , and dismayed at the prospect of remaining a home-bound spinster , she began , when already nearly forty , to travel rough in the then hardly visited balkans , and she described her experiences in a series of vivid and [direct/honest] books .

She sat bolt upright ; her features were strong , her manna forthright , even aggressive .
she sat bolt upright ; her features were strong , her manna [direct/honest] , even aggressive .

Maureen Weston was an intelligent , forthright woman .
maureen weston was an intelligent , [direct/honest] woman .

In southern England , there was forthright opposition , for here the benefit of cooperation was negligible and the Labour threat more remote .
in southern england , there was [direct/honest] opposition , for here the benefit of cooperation was negligible and the labour threat more remote .

From Hayek we see stated in forthright fashion the importance in normativist thought of the dignity of the individual and the primacy of individual freedom .
from hayek we see stated in [direct/honest] fashion the importance in normativist thought of the dignity of the individual and the primacy of individual freedom .

She was talkative and forthright in her opinions , which she gave freely and often without the qualification for doing so .
she was talkative and [direct/honest] in her opinions , which she gave freely and often without the qualification for doing so .

The civil and military instruments which would provide peter the Great with the leverage for a more forthright assertion of state interests were taking shape .
the civil and military instruments which would provide peter the great with the leverage for a more [direct/honest] assertion of state interests were taking shape .

Alternating attempts at forthright assertion of authority and tentative gestures of conciliation exacerbated the situation .
alternating attempts at [direct/honest] assertion of authority and tentative gestures of conciliation exacerbated the situation .

He was a forthright , critical man whose tongue could be both sharp and blunt , yet despite this his respect for the person rebuked gave a relationship authority and security whatever the situation .
he was a [direct/honest] , critical man whose tongue could be both sharp and blunt , yet despite this his respect for the person rebuked gave a relationship authority and security whatever the situation .

He gave confidence by being forthright .
he gave confidence by being [direct/honest] .

The Sinfonia concertante , which comes first here , is given a forthright performance in which the two soloists blend both tonally and stylistically .
the sinfonia concertante , which comes first here , is given a [direct/honest] performance in which the two soloists blend both tonally and stylistically .

Hodge 's merits were that he was honest , courageous , forthright , without arrogance or pretension .
hodge 's merits were that he was honest , courageous , [direct/honest] , without arrogance or pretension .

The forthright tones of Quentin Oates were heard more recently in The Bookseller suggesting that ‘ a sensible , enthusiastic feature ’ about adventure stories would do a power of good to readership and publishers ' advertising alike .
the [direct/honest] tones of quentin oates were heard more recently in the bookseller suggesting that ‘ a sensible , enthusiastic feature ’ about adventure stories would do a power of good to readership and publishers ' advertising alike .

The course of Hornblower 's love for the forthright ( and fictional ) sister of the noble Wellesleys , developed through his uneasy , self-tormenting thoughts , plays the central part in the novels demanded by their romantic tone and structure ; in the way the two proud individuals adjust to an intimacy which disturbs their essential need for privacy of character , in Hornblower 's emotional vacillations when in perilous circumstances he meets Mane de Graçay again , his behaviour and musings are consistent with his given character .
the course of hornblower 's love for the [direct/honest] ( and fictional ) sister of the noble wellesleys , developed through his uneasy , self-tormenting thoughts , plays the central part in the novels demanded by their romantic tone and structure ; in the way the two proud individuals adjust to an intimacy which disturbs their essential need for privacy of character , in hornblower 's emotional vacillations when in perilous circumstances he meets mane de graçay again , his behaviour and musings are consistent with his given character .

’ Nonsense , ’ Irina would snap in her forthright way .
’ nonsense , ’ irina would snap in her [direct/honest] way .

The so-called `` Great Russian `` — by this time a committee — put out two more pamphlets in September 1861 , only to be upstaged by the simultaneous appearance of a much more forthright proclamation .
the so-called `` great russian `` — by this time a committee — put out two more pamphlets in september 1861 , only to be upstaged by the simultaneous appearance of a much more [direct/honest] proclamation .

Siward was probably already one of the richest men in Scandinavian York , as well as a useful war-leader and a forthright advisor to Canute and his heirs by the time it occurred to the Lady Emma that she might do worse than encourage him to take over Northumbria .
siward was probably already one of the richest men in scandinavian york , as well as a useful war-leader and a [direct/honest] advisor to canute and his heirs by the time it occurred to the lady emma that she might do worse than encourage him to take over northumbria .

Forthright debate flourished and the 85 seminar members were treated to a variety of views from the speakers and from their fellow members .
[direct/honest] debate flourished and the 85 seminar members were treated to a variety of views from the speakers and from their fellow members .

Dr Neil thought that the way she occasionally trod on phrases when she spoke was charming rather than irritating , given that it enlivened and illuminated her forthright nature .
dr neil thought that the way she occasionally trod on phrases when she spoke was charming rather than irritating , given that it enlivened and illuminated her [direct/honest] nature .

He was forthright back .
he was [direct/honest] back .

That forthright common sense does not come from the Conservative Newsline ; nor is it a quote from my right hon .
that [direct/honest] common sense does not come from the conservative newsline ; nor is it a quote from my right hon .

The Minister was not particularly forthright . Is he saying that they will be completed by Christmas ?
the minister was not particularly [direct/honest] . is he saying that they will be completed by christmas ?

Lisa was tempted to respond , yes , that was precisely how he ought to take it , but decided that might be unnecessarily forthright .
lisa was tempted to respond , yes , that was precisely how he ought to take it , but decided that might be unnecessarily [direct/honest] .

That was a little more forthright than she had intended , but he simply smiled a smile of dry amusement .
that was a little more [direct/honest] than she had intended , but he simply smiled a smile of dry amusement .

Only the bolder or more totally disillusioned parents braved his forthright opinions of their sons and heirs .
only the bolder or more totally disillusioned parents braved his [direct/honest] opinions of their sons and heirs .

Bush 's unusually forthright response to the developing scandal was illustrative of his sensitivity to allegations of official extravagance , and his resolve to distance his administration from the spendthrift years of the Reagan regime .
bush 's unusually [direct/honest] response to the developing scandal was illustrative of his sensitivity to allegations of official extravagance , and his resolve to distance his administration from the spendthrift years of the reagan regime .

In a forthright and emotional speech she declared that Gorbachev `` does not have the moral right to govern `` .
in a [direct/honest] and emotional speech she declared that gorbachev `` does not have the moral right to govern `` .

Other writers are more forthright .
other writers are more [direct/honest] .

Gerald Strine in the same newspaper was more forthright : for him Piggott ‘ nearly got the best horse beaten ’ .
gerald strine in the same newspaper was more [direct/honest] : for him piggott ‘ nearly got the best horse beaten ’ .

As the forthright proponent of the ‘ destruction of European Jewry ’ , Hitler 's image was enhanced among a minority — though a growing and powerful minority — of the German population ( especially , though by no means exclusively , those ‘ organized ’ in the Nazi Movement and , presumably , those who already before the war had been active , whole-hearted Nazis and convinced ideological anti-Semites ) by his open association with extreme anti-Jewish measures .
as the [direct/honest] proponent of the ‘ destruction of european jewry ’ , hitler 's image was enhanced among a minority — though a growing and powerful minority — of the german population ( especially , though by no means exclusively , those ‘ organized ’ in the nazi movement and , presumably , those who already before the war had been active , whole-hearted nazis and convinced ideological anti-semites ) by his open association with extreme anti-jewish measures .

He is refreshingly straightforward and forthright , embarrassing Labour 's image makers who attempted to keep him in the background as much as possible during the election campaign .
he is refreshingly straightforward and [direct/honest] , embarrassing labour 's image makers who attempted to keep him in the background as much as possible during the election campaign .

Running through Gassendi 's forthright rejection of the Aristotelian apparatus of definitions of ‘ forms ’ and syllogistic demonstration of scientific knowledge , is something more positive .
running through gassendi 's [direct/honest] rejection of the aristotelian apparatus of definitions of ‘ forms ’ and syllogistic demonstration of scientific knowledge , is something more positive .

Like Bacon and Hobbes , whose forthright reactions are that what is really needed is simply the adoption of a correct method , Locke does not immediately follow this traditional course ; but he advances the more circumspect suggestion that we should first stand back and investigate our capacity for knowledge .
like bacon and hobbes , whose [direct/honest] reactions are that what is really needed is simply the adoption of a correct method , locke does not immediately follow this traditional course ; but he advances the more circumspect suggestion that we should first stand back and investigate our capacity for knowledge .

He is forthright in his view that its practitioners , too , are involved in ‘ the errors arising from the doctrine of abstract ideas , and the existence of objects without the mind ’ .
he is [direct/honest] in his view that its practitioners , too , are involved in ‘ the errors arising from the doctrine of abstract ideas , and the existence of objects without the mind ’ .

‘ Angela is a very attractive woman and also very forthright .
‘ angela is a very attractive woman and also very [direct/honest] .

His forthright emphasis on unity yesterday came as East Germany 's bewildered and beleaguered leaders announced new reforms and a fresh round of sackings from the ruling politburo yesterday , coupled with a public promise of free elections .
his [direct/honest] emphasis on unity yesterday came as east germany 's bewildered and beleaguered leaders announced new reforms and a fresh round of sackings from the ruling politburo yesterday , coupled with a public promise of free elections .

They have a fit Dean Richards at No 8 and a forthright Rory Underwood on the left wing , who will be seeking to complete the most illustrious of careers in fine style .
they have a fit dean richards at no 8 and a [direct/honest] rory underwood on the left wing , who will be seeking to complete the most illustrious of careers in fine style .

Charles could not , but sent a message instead ; not the tame few words that Woodward had drafted for him , but something much more forthright :
charles could not , but sent a message instead ; not the tame few words that woodward had drafted for him , but something much more [direct/honest] :

His foe is Carmen Romero , wife of the Socialist Prime Minister , Felipe Gonzalez , and perceived by most Spaniards as far more forthright and honest than her husband .
his foe is carmen romero , wife of the socialist prime minister , felipe gonzalez , and perceived by most spaniards as far more [direct/honest] and honest than her husband .

From Germany there is The End of the History of Art ; from Britain a group of essays describe The New Art History ; from the United States has recently come Rethinking Art History : meditations on a coy science ; and from Canada there is a forthright title Art History : its use and abuse .
from germany there is the end of the history of art ; from britain a group of essays describe the new art history ; from the united states has recently come rethinking art history : meditations on a coy science ; and from canada there is a [direct/honest] title art history : its use and abuse .

Seldom has Philippe Chatrier , a man renowned for his forthright views , especially whenever he has felt the advancement or the image of tennis was at risk , been quite so outspokenly blunt , as in his final Presidential newsletter he issued before ending his 14 year reign in charge ( which & referred to in last month 's column ) at The International Tennis Federation .
seldom has philippe chatrier , a man renowned for his [direct/honest] views , especially whenever he has felt the advancement or the image of tennis was at risk , been quite so outspokenly blunt , as in his final presidential newsletter he issued before ending his 14 year reign in charge ( which & referred to in last month 's column ) at the international tennis federation .

Where the British station developed with characteristically pragmatic , forthright , and sometimes undisciplined adventurism , the French were as ever busy drawing up rules , theories , definitions , and philosophies of station-building .
where the british station developed with characteristically pragmatic , [direct/honest] , and sometimes undisciplined adventurism , the french were as ever busy drawing up rules , theories , definitions , and philosophies of station-building .

Mansell 's reaction in Spain was forthright .
mansell 's reaction in spain was [direct/honest] .

Indeed , she would argue that her forthright and uncompromising approach is a vital element of her success .
indeed , she would argue that her [direct/honest] and uncompromising approach is a vital element of her success .

He was far more forthright on the omission of Steve Cram .
he was far more [direct/honest] on the omission of steve cram .

In his reply , Mactavish was characteristically forthright :
in his reply , mactavish was characteristically [direct/honest] :

She was not prepared for , although not surprised by , Miss Bedwelty 's forthright reaction when she saw the animals in the refrigerator factory .
she was not prepared for , although not surprised by , miss bedwelty 's [direct/honest] reaction when she saw the animals in the refrigerator factory .

Nutty felt herself flinching at the dreadful truth put into such forthright speech .
nutty felt herself flinching at the dreadful truth put into such [direct/honest] speech .

Don Peters had been pleasantly surprised to find the Prime Minister 's forthright manner lived up to her advance publicity .
don peters had been pleasantly surprised to find the prime minister 's [direct/honest] manner lived up to her advance publicity .

Roland demurred , touching his forthright hand , stepping back .
roland demurred , touching his [direct/honest] hand , stepping back .

There will be the ever present risk of sexual blackmail , since although homosexuality appears to be compulsory in the Diplomatic Service , we believe our forthright and thrusting working-class boys will achieve greater penetration in Diplomatic circles .
there will be the ever present risk of sexual blackmail , since although homosexuality appears to be compulsory in the diplomatic service , we believe our [direct/honest] and thrusting working-class boys will achieve greater penetration in diplomatic circles .

He describes as ‘ ominous ’ any ‘ suggestion that , out of ‘ respect ’ for the law we should refrain from any forthright criticism either of particular laws , or of the institutions of law enforcement or the governmental process by which the laws are made .
he describes as ‘ ominous ’ any ‘ suggestion that , out of ‘ respect ’ for the law we should refrain from any [direct/honest] criticism either of particular laws , or of the institutions of law enforcement or the governmental process by which the laws are made .

The October letter to Katkov envisages this world beyond The Possessed 's initial scope in forthright great-sinner terms .
the october letter to katkov envisages this world beyond the possessed 's initial scope in [direct/honest] great-sinner terms .

Boscawen was another of Anson 's fire-eaters , a robust forthright seadog known to his men as ‘ Old Dreadnought ’ , from the name of the ship he had captained during one famous engagement , and he had used his 15 large ships and dozen smaller ‘ cruisers ’ to cause endless annoyance to the French and to tie up ten battalions of French infantry , waiting to repel an anticipated but imaginary landing .
boscawen was another of anson 's fire-eaters , a robust [direct/honest] seadog known to his men as ‘ old dreadnought ’ , from the name of the ship he had captained during one famous engagement , and he had used his 15 large ships and dozen smaller ‘ cruisers ’ to cause endless annoyance to the french and to tie up ten battalions of french infantry , waiting to repel an anticipated but imaginary landing .

His twin devotions to Quantock solitude and the company of Tom Poole brought not only physical separation from the Lime Street cottage , but a widening emotional distance from his forthright , practical , and hard-pressed wife : it would not be long before the autumn happiness of their Clevedon days was a distant memory .
his twin devotions to quantock solitude and the company of tom poole brought not only physical separation from the lime street cottage , but a widening emotional distance from his [direct/honest] , practical , and hard-pressed wife : it would not be long before the autumn happiness of their clevedon days was a distant memory .

Despite this forthright tone , later parts of the document point out that ‘ the scheme will be structured in a way that patients will always get the drugs they need ’ and that ‘ it will ensure that budgets reflect the costs of patients needing a greater volume of drugs or more expensive drugs … ’ ‘ so that there will be no disincentive to practices to accept such patients or to begin to prescribe expensive medicine to such patients , if there is a clinical need to do so ’ .
despite this [direct/honest] tone , later parts of the document point out that ‘ the scheme will be structured in a way that patients will always get the drugs they need ’ and that ‘ it will ensure that budgets reflect the costs of patients needing a greater volume of drugs or more expensive drugs … ’ ‘ so that there will be no disincentive to practices to accept such patients or to begin to prescribe expensive medicine to such patients , if there is a clinical need to do so ’ .

She detested Mrs Deacon , who was like a sterner , more forthright edition of Mrs Martin .
she detested mrs deacon , who was like a sterner , more [direct/honest] edition of mrs martin .

Overriding all these considerations , however , is her forthright view that these linguistic schemes were ultimately nonsense , for the excellent reason that artificial languages are not compatible with the ways in which man and languages actually operate .
overriding all these considerations , however , is her [direct/honest] view that these linguistic schemes were ultimately nonsense , for the excellent reason that artificial languages are not compatible with the ways in which man and languages actually operate .

His wife , Helena , is more forthright .
his wife , helena , is more [direct/honest] .

‘ But with his ability to cope with stress by always being forthright , decisive , honest , just , optimistic , assertive and enthusiastic , and aiming to win by insisting on getting things done , and fast , who needs socks ? ’
‘ but with his ability to cope with stress by always being [direct/honest] , decisive , honest , just , optimistic , assertive and enthusiastic , and aiming to win by insisting on getting things done , and fast , who needs socks ? ’

One of the issues about which Alexander Graham Bell was so forthright in the States in the 1880 's was the subject of intermarriages between deaf persons .
one of the issues about which alexander graham bell was so [direct/honest] in the states in the 1880 's was the subject of intermarriages between deaf persons .

Always a forthright woman , she incurred the wrath of the anti-abolitionists and her life was threatened .
always a [direct/honest] woman , she incurred the wrath of the anti-abolitionists and her life was threatened .

According to Jimmy Johnstone 's very forthright biography , the ‘ horseplay ’ reached its peak a few yards from the Queen 's Hotel when the Leeds and Scotland goalkeeper David Harvey climbed on top of a beach hut and began throwing stones at his team mates .
according to jimmy johnstone 's very [direct/honest] biography , the ‘ horseplay ’ reached its peak a few yards from the queen 's hotel when the leeds and scotland goalkeeper david harvey climbed on top of a beach hut and began throwing stones at his team mates .

Although Law will no longer be drawn on his relationships with Docherty , Crerand and Morgan are forthright in their opinions .
although law will no longer be drawn on his relationships with docherty , crerand and morgan are [direct/honest] in their opinions .

It recommended the adoption of the procedure asked for in the Institute 's Memorial , which he had helped to organize , and the substitution of moderate passages , in place of his forthright statements , only tended to give the Report the appearance of a more impartial document .
it recommended the adoption of the procedure asked for in the institute 's memorial , which he had helped to organize , and the substitution of moderate passages , in place of his [direct/honest] statements , only tended to give the report the appearance of a more impartial document .

In a letter to the readers , the site 's twentysomething editors declare , `` Nerve intends to be more graphic , forthright , and topical than 'erotica , ' but less blockheadedly masculine than 'pornography . '
in a letter to the readers , the site 's twentysomething editors declare , `` nerve intends to be more graphic , [direct/honest] , and topical than 'erotica , ' but less blockheadedly masculine than 'pornography . '

Writing in the pages of Slate , Bruce Gottlieb is admirably forthright in his condemnation .
writing in the pages of slate , bruce gottlieb is admirably [direct/honest] in his condemnation .

Many readers checked in to say that they applauded the former senator 's forthright approach to a real problem .
many readers checked in to say that they applauded the former senator 's [direct/honest] approach to a real problem .

Potential presidents -- like astronauts , Olympic athletes , and other Americans playing on an international stage -- still had to carry a lot of symbolic baggage : They had to appear as forthright champions in a historic contest , disciplined leaders who embodied national values .
potential presidents -- like astronauts , olympic athletes , and other americans playing on an international stage -- still had to carry a lot of symbolic baggage : they had to appear as [direct/honest] champions in a historic contest , disciplined leaders who embodied national values .

The European model has the advantage of being forthright : The government declares that it wants more Puccini than the market provides on its own , and it writes a check to pay for it .
the european model has the advantage of being [direct/honest] : the government declares that it wants more puccini than the market provides on its own , and it writes a check to pay for it .

The draft contains clear and forthright apologies and no mention of Kenneth Starr .
the draft contains clear and [direct/honest] apologies and no mention of kenneth starr .

Murdoch admitted he had asked HarperCollins to drop the book but said the executives should have been forthright about it , instead of inventing nonsensical reasons .
murdoch admitted he had asked harpercollins to drop the book but said the executives should have been [direct/honest] about it , instead of inventing nonsensical reasons .

The Wall Street Journal points out that Clinton was similarly forthright regarding China 's trade policies , noting that he said right to Jiang 's face , `` Just as China can compete freely and fairly in America , so our goods and services should be able to compete freely and fairly in China . ''
the wall street journal points out that clinton was similarly [direct/honest] regarding china 's trade policies , noting that he said right to jiang 's face , `` just as china can compete freely and fairly in america , so our goods and services should be able to compete freely and fairly in china . ''

Brocade or chiffon dresses covered in who-knows-what utterances in beautiful Chinese and Arabic script , or dresses wittily made of paper printed with the New York Yellow Pages , all express a joyful relish in the decay of the written word , a forthright pleasure in the way its meaning has been draining away .
brocade or chiffon dresses covered in who-knows-what utterances in beautiful chinese and arabic script , or dresses wittily made of paper printed with the new york yellow pages , all express a joyful relish in the decay of the written word , a [direct/honest] pleasure in the way its meaning has been draining away .

He is seductively forthright about the failures in his life , about the fiasco of his career and marriage in the Hollywood of the 1960s , and he is aware of the conditional , codependent quality of his fame .
he is seductively [direct/honest] about the failures in his life , about the fiasco of his career and marriage in the hollywood of the 1960s , and he is aware of the conditional , codependent quality of his fame .

A profile of British Labor Party leader Tony Blair asserts that his politics are Clintonian , but his forthright , honest manner is not .
a profile of british labor party leader tony blair asserts that his politics are clintonian , but his [direct/honest] , honest manner is not .

The Dalai Lama also writes in his autobiography , Freedom in Exile , that Harrer had a `` wonderful sense of humour '' and that `` as I began to get to know him better ... he became very forthright .
the dalai lama also writes in his autobiography , freedom in exile , that harrer had a `` wonderful sense of humour '' and that `` as i began to get to know him better ... he became very [direct/honest] .

It 's impossible to read his book , with its righteous denunciations of `` tawdry voyeurism , '' and think his main complaint with the coverage of Clinton 's sex life is that it was n't forthright enough about the pleasures of disclosing the `` private lives of public people . ''
it 's impossible to read his book , with its righteous denunciations of `` tawdry voyeurism , '' and think his main complaint with the coverage of clinton 's sex life is that it was n't [direct/honest] enough about the pleasures of disclosing the `` private lives of public people . ''

Powell , who has always been forthright in his defense of affirmative action , says himself that he would n't have appeared on the second list or been made the youngest general in the Army if it had not been for preferential treatment .
powell , who has always been [direct/honest] in his defense of affirmative action , says himself that he would n't have appeared on the second list or been made the youngest general in the army if it had not been for preferential treatment .

By contrast , when the stakes are as high as they can get , there is a special need for elected officials to avoid having a forthright opinion .
by contrast , when the stakes are as high as they can get , there is a special need for elected officials to avoid having a [direct/honest] opinion .

The most forthright response to the initiatives comes from California Attorney General Dan Lungren .
the most [direct/honest] response to the initiatives comes from california attorney general dan lungren .

Today 's Papers applauds the NYT for attending to a commonly overlooked , yet always-important detail : forthright disclosure of the poll 's plus or minus margin of error .
today 's papers applauds the nyt for attending to a commonly overlooked , yet always-important detail : [direct/honest] disclosure of the poll 's plus or minus margin of error .

Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Wendy Wasserstein offers a sort of `` Hillary Chronicles '' tracking the morphing of the idealistic , forthright Hillary into something else -- a `` loyal wife . ''
pulitzer prize-winning playwright wendy wasserstein offers a sort of `` hillary chronicles '' tracking the morphing of the idealistic , [direct/honest] hillary into something else -- a `` loyal wife . ''

The city 's first citizen , the Lord Mayor , a woman , was forthright in her condemnation of the ban as petty .
the city 's first citizen , the lord mayor , a woman , was [direct/honest] in her condemnation of the ban as petty .

